--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a "Società per Azioni" under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€35,000,000,000  
Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite Programme 
Guaranteed by UniCredit OBG S.r.l. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a "Società a responsabilità limitata" under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Under the €35,000,000,000 Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite Programme (the “Programme”) described in this prospectus (the “Prospectus”), UniCredit S.p.A. (in its capacity as issuer of the OBG, as 
defined below, the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the “OBG”) guaranteed by UniCredit 
OBG S.r.l. (the “OBG Guarantor”) pursuant to Title I-bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (Disposizioni sulla cartolarizzazione dei crediti), as amended from time to time (including by the 
Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the “Decree 190”)) (the “Law 130”) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per 
le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to time (the “BoI OBG Regulations”). 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the OBG will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the OBG Guarantor. Recourse against the OBG Guarantor is limited to the Available Funds 
(both as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of OBG from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed €35,000,000,000, subject to increase as provided for under the Dealer 
Agreement. 
The OBG issued under the Programme will have a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof or such other higher denomination as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The OBG may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme in respect of the OBG from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), the 
appointment of which may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of OBG being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such OBG. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF” ), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The 
CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor or the quality of the OBG that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
OBG.  
By approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the OBG issued under the Programme to be admitted during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. References in this Prospectus to OBG being “listed” (and 
all related references) shall mean that such OBG have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted OBG may be issued 
pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of the issue of any OBG will specify whether or not such OBG will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange).  
This Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of its approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in 
this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the OBG, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Prospectus ends upon expiration on 11 May 2024.  
Each Series or Tranche (both as defined below) of OBG may be issued without the consent of the holders of any outstanding OBG, subject to certain conditions. OBG of different Series may have different 
terms and conditions, including, without limitation, different maturity dates. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of OBG, interest (if any) payable in respect of OBG, the issue price of OBG and any 
other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche will be set out in final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to OBG to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the OBG of such Series or Tranche. 
The OBG will be issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata), will be subject to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the OBG (contained in the section headed “Terms and 
Conditions of the OBG”) and the applicable Final Terms and will be held in such form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption and cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered 
office at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (“Monte Titoli”) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). The expression “Relevant Clearing Systems” means any of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme with registered office at 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System with registered office at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-
1210, Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”). The OBG of each Series or Tranche, issued in dematerialised form, will be deposited by the Issuer with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined herein), 
will be in bearer form, will be at all times be in book entry form and title to the relevant OBG of each Series or Tranche will be evidenced by book entry in accordance with the provisions of Article 83-bis of 
Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the “Financial Services Act”), and with regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the OBG of each Series or Tranche.  
Each Series or Tranche of OBG may be assigned, on issue, a rating by Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s” or the “Rating Agency”, which expression shall include any successor thereof) or may be 
unrated as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche or Series of OBG is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the OBG already issued. Whether or 
not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of OBG will be (i) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies as amended from time to time (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the “CRA Regulations”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)is obliged to maintain on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended).  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold OBG and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by any or all of the Rating Agencies and each rating shall be evaluated 
independently of any other. 
The OBG of each Series or Tranche will mature on the date mentioned in the applicable Final Terms (each a “Maturity Date”). Before the relevant Maturity Date, the OBG of each Series or Tranche will be 
subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances (as set out in the Conditions (as defined below)).  
Subject to certain exceptions as provided for in Condition 10 (Taxation), payments in respect of the OBG to be made by the Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any tax jurisdiction. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. In such circumstances 
and provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the OBG will be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer. See Condition 
8(c). The OBG Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount due to taxation reasons in case an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) has occurred. See “Taxation”, below.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors. If the Final Terms in respect of any OBG includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the OBG are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the OBG or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the OBG or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
Important – UK Retail Investors - If the Final Terms in respect of any OBG includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the OBG are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the OBG or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the OBG or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the OBG may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI” as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “the 
BMR”).  
MiFID II product governance / target market. The Final Terms in respect of any OBG may include a legend entitled “MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the OBG and which channels for distribution of the OBG are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the OBG 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
OBG (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue on whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any OBG is a manufacturer in respect of such OBG. Otherwise, neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. The OBG may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any OBG may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the OBG and which channels for distribution of the OBG are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the OBG (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the OBG (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing 
for any OBG is a manufacturer in respect of such OBG, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
Sole Arranger 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealer 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The date of this Prospectus is 11 May 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the OBG 
Guarantor and the OBG which, according to the particular nature of the OBG, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the OBG Guarantor and of the 
rights attaching to the OBG. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The OBG Guarantor has provided the information set out in the section headed “Description 
of the OBG Guarantor” below and any other information contained in this Prospectus 
relating to itself for which the OBG Guarantor, together with the Issuer, accepts 
responsibility. To the best of the knowledge of the OBG Guarantor the information and data 
in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and 
do not contain any omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. With 
respect to such information provided by the OBG Guarantor, the responsibility of the Issuer 
is limited to their correct reproduction. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this 
Prospectus (and, therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer 
of OBG are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
specified office set out below of the Paying Agent (as defined below) and on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any document incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference in and 
form part of this Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and any Series or Tranche of OBG is 
only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplements, the 
relevant Final Terms and the documents incorporated by reference. 
Unless otherwise defined in the relevant section of this Prospectus in which they are used, 
capitalised terms used in this Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
section headed “Terms and Conditions of the OBG” below. For ease of reference, the section 
headed “Index of Defined Terms” below indicates the page of this Prospectus on which each 
capitalised term is defined. 
None of the Dealers or the Sole Arranger makes any representation, expressed or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility or liability, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information in this Prospectus. Each potential purchaser of OBG should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of OBG 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Sole Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the

--- Page 4 ---
4
OBG Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus or by 
any supplement or to advise any investor or potential investor in OBG of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Sole Arranger. 
No third party information is included in this Prospectus, except for the rating information 
set out in the section headed “Credit Ratings” in the “Description of the Issuer” of this 
Prospectus. It is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein 
derives from a third party, such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar 
as the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information 
derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the information 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
The sources of such information are the following rating agency: Fitch Rating Ireland 
Limited – Sede Secondaria Italiana (“Fitch”), Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”).  
Commercial publications generally state that the information they contain originates from 
sources assumed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information 
is not guaranteed, and that the calculations contained therein are based on a series of 
assumptions. External data has not been independently verified by the Issuer and the OBG 
Guarantor. 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Prospectus, 
except for the reports of the auditors of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor who have audited 
the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and each of the financial 
statements of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor for the financial year ended on 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
For further information please see, respectively, the section headed “Auditors” in the 
“General Information” of this Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
other than those contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
OBG and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor or any of the 
Dealer(s) or the Sole Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
OBG Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any OBG shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and the 
OBG Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other

--- Page 5 ---
5
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealer(s) and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor during the life of the Programme or 
to advise any investor in the OBG of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus, as it may have been supplemented from time to time, when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any OBG. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any 
of the Issuer, the Sole Arranger, the OBG Guarantor or the Dealer(s) that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the OBG. Each potential 
purchaser of OBG should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Prospectus and its purchase of OBG should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Dealer(s) or the Sole Arranger undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the OBG of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealer(s) or 
the Sole Arranger. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the OBG in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the Dealer(s) and the Sole Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of OBG and on distribution of this Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
The OBG have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and, subject to certain exceptions, OBG may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of OBG and on distribution of this Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the OBG Guarantor or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any OBG. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
OBG in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
OBG may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the 
Dealers, the Sole Arranger and the Representative of the OBG Holders do not represent that 
this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any OBG may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to

--- Page 6 ---
6
the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Dealers, the Sole Arranger or the Representative of the OBG Holders which 
is intended to permit a public offering of any OBG outside Luxembourg or distribution of 
this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
OBG may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any OBG may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of OBG. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of OBG in the United States, Japan and 
the European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom and the Republic of Italy). See 
also “Subscription and Sale”, below. 
Each initial and each subsequent purchaser of an OBG will be deemed, by its acceptance of 
such OBG, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements 
intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as described in this Prospectus and in 
any Final Terms and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of 
its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. See 
“Subscription and Sale”, below. 
Neither the Issuer, the Sole Arranger and the Dealer makes any representation as to the 
suitability of any Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG (each as defined herein) 
to fulfil any green, social or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. If 
any Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG will be admitted to listing (including 
the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘social’, ‘sustainable’ or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Sole Arranger or the Dealer that such 
listing or admission satisfies any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply. The Sole Arranger and the Dealer have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of any sustainability bond framework or any eligible green, 
social or sustainable projects, any verification of whether such projects meet the criteria set 
out in such sustainability bond framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any 
Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) which the Issuer may publish from time 
to time, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green 
OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG for further information. Any such green, social or 
sustainability framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting – which will 
be made available in the “Investors” section of the Issuer’s website – will not be 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and neither the Sole Arranger nor the Dealer 
makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer 
or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final

--- Page 7 ---
7
Terms may over-allot the relevant Series or Tranche or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the relevant Series or Tranche at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the OBG of the relevant Series 
or Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series or Tranche and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series or Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this Prospectus to: (i) “Euro”, “€” and “euro” refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended; (ii) “$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the Unites States of America; (iii) 
“Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; (iv) laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, 
to the laws and regulations of Italy; and (v) “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency translations included in this Prospectus have been 
subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may 
not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning 
may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The Sole Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme 
and will not be responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection 
afforded to clients of the Sole Arranger or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the 
OBG.

--- Page 8 ---
8
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................... 62 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ......................................................................................................... 118 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................. 119 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................. 126 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – THE CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES .... 173 
DESCRIPTION OF THE OBG GUARANTOR ......................................................................... 193 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR ........................................................................... 198 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .............................................................................................................. 200 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS ........................................................................................... 213 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................. 229 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ..................................................... 230 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ............................................................................. 251 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OBG ............................................................................ 269 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE OBG HOLDERS ............................................... 311 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................ 332 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY ........................................................................... 352 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION .................................................................................................... 365 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................... 368 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................... 374 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .................................................................................................. 379

--- Page 9 ---
9
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of article 
25 (1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus 
Regulation. As such the following overview does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective 
purchasers of OBG should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in respect of the OBG. In this section, 
references to a numbered condition are to such condition in the section headed "Terms and 
Conditions of the OBG" below. 
Certain terms used in this section, but not defined, may be found in other sections of this 
Prospectus, unless otherwise stated. An index of defined terms is contained in the section 
headed “Index of Defined Terms” commencing on pag. 390. 
1 
The Principal Parties 
Issuer 
UniCredit S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or “UniCredit”) is a 
bank organised and existing under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, whose registered office is at Piazza 
Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A, 20154 Milan, Italy with 
Fiscal Code, VAT number and registration number 
with the companies’ register of Milan-Monza-Brianza-
Lodi 00348170101 and registered with the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to Article 13 of Italian legislative decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Law”) 
under number 02008.1, parent company of the 
“Gruppo Bancario UniCredit” registered with the 
register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 64 of the Banking Law under 
number 02008.1 (the “UniCredit Banking Group” or 
the “Group” or the “UniCredit Group”), member of 
the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi and 
the Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia. See “Description of 
the Issuer”, below.  
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
Issuer 
549300TRUWO2CD2G5692 
Website of the Issuer 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu 
Information appearing on the Issuer’s website does 
not form part of this Prospectus, unless such 
information is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
OBG Guarantor 
UniCredit OBG S.r.l. (the “OBG Guarantor”) is a 
limited liability company incorporated in the Republic 
of Italy under Article 7-bis of Italian law No. 130 of

--- Page 10 ---
10
30 April 1999 (disposizioni sulla cartolarizzazione dei 
crediti) as applicable until the entry into force of the 
BoI OBG Regulations (which has been replaced by 
Article 7-septies of the Law 130). The OBG 
Guarantor is registered with the companies’ register of 
Verona under number 04064320239. The registered 
office 
of 
the 
OBG 
Guarantor 
is 
at 
Viale 
dell’Agricoltura 7, 37135 Verona, Italy and its tax 
identification 
number 
(codice 
fiscale) 
is 
04064320239. The OBG Guarantor is subject to 
UniCredit S.p.A.’s management and coordination 
activity 
(soggetta 
all’attività 
di 
direzione 
e 
coordinamento) and belongs to the UniCredit Banking 
Group.  
The issued capital of the OBG Guarantor is equal to 
€10,000, 60 per cent. owned by UniCredit and 40 per 
cent. owned by SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. (the “Shareholder” or “SVM”)), 
an Italian limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata), with registered office at Via 
Vittorio Alfieri, 1, I-31015 Conegliano (Treviso), 
Italy. 
See “Description of the OBG Guarantor”, below. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
OBG Guarantor 
8156002B929020A90676  
Seller 
UniCredit is the seller (in such capacity, the “Seller”). 
See “Description of the Issuer”, below. 
 
Pursuant to the terms of a master transfer agreement 
dated 13 January 2012 as amended from time to time 
(the “Master Transfer Agreement”) between the 
OBG Guarantor and the Seller, the Seller (a) sold an 
initial portfolio comprising Residential Mortgage 
Receivables (the “Initial Portfolio”) to the OBG 
Guarantor and (b) agreed the terms upon which it may 
assign and transfer Assets and/or Integration Assets 
(in each case as defined below) satisfying the Criteria 
(as defined below) and/or Liquid Assets (as defined 
below) to the OBG Guarantor from time to time, on a 
revolving basis in the cases and subject to the limits 
referred to in section “Creation and administration of 
the Portfolio” below. 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
UniCredit is the subordinated loan provider (in such 
capacity, the “Subordinated Loan Provider”) 
pursuant to the terms of a subordinated loan

--- Page 11 ---
11
agreement dated 13 January 2012 as amended from 
time to time (the “Subordinated Loan Agreement”) 
between the OBG Guarantor and the Subordinated 
Loan Provider pursuant to which the Subordinated 
Loan Provider has agreed to grant to the OBG 
Guarantor a subordinated loan in an aggregate 
maximum amount, save for further increases which 
may determined unilaterally by the Subordinated 
Loan Provider, equal to € 40,000,000,000 (the 
“Subordinated Loan”).  
Dealers 
UniCredit Bank AG is a German bank incorporated 
under German law as a public company limited by 
shares 
(Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered 
with 
the 
Commercial Register administered by the Local Court 
of Munich, Federal Republic of Germany at number 
HR B 421 48. It belongs to the UniCredit Banking 
Group and has its registered office at Arabellastrasse 
12, 81925 Munich, Federal Republic of Germany. 
UniCredit Bank AG is the dealer (“UniCredit 
Bank”). 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranche, one or more Series, or in respect of the 
whole Programme. 
Sole Arranger 
UniCredit Bank is the sole arranger (in such capacity, 
the “Sole Arranger”). 
Servicer 
UniCredit (in such capacity, the “Servicer”) will 
administer the Portfolio on behalf of the Issuer 
pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement dated 
13 January 2012, as amended from time to time, 
between the Issuer and the Servicer (the “Servicing 
Agreement”). 
Administrative Services Provider 
doNext S.p.A. is a joint stock company (società per 
azioni) with sole shareholder, incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered 
office at Lungotevere Flaminio 18, 00196 Rome, Italy, 
fiscal code and registration with the companies’ 
register of Rome under number 00399750587, VAT 
number 00880671003, registered under number 32447 
in the register of the financial intermediaries (albo 
degli intermediari finanziari) held by the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Act, 
subject to the activity of direction and coordination

--- Page 12 ---
12
(attività di direzione e coordinamento) of doValue 
S.p.A. pursuant to articles 2497 and following of the 
Italian Civil Code, acting in its capacity as 
administrative 
services 
provider 
under 
the 
administrative 
services 
agreement 
(“doNext”). 
doNext is is the administrative services provider to the 
OBG Guarantor (the “Administrative Services 
Provider”). Pursuant to the terms of an administrative 
services agreement dated 13 January 2012, as 
amended from time to time (the “Administrative 
Services Agreement”), the Administrative Services 
Provider has agreed to provide certain administrative 
and secretarial services to the OBG Guarantor.  
Portfolio Manager 
The entity to be appointed under the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement (as defined below) in order 
to carry out certain activities in connection with the 
sale of the Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets, 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
(as defined below) (the “Portfolio Manager”). 
Asset Monitor 
BDO Italia S.p.A., is incorporated as a joint stock 
company (società per azioni) under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale 
Abruzzi, 94, 20131, Milan, Italy, fiscal code, VAT 
number and enrolment number with the companies’ 
register 
of 
Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi 
no. 
07722780967 and enrolled under number 167911 with 
the register of statutory auditors (Registro Dei 
Revisori Legali) maintained by the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance, is the asset monitor under the 
Programme (the “Asset Monitor”).  
Cash Manager 
UniCredit, or any other person for the time being 
acting as such, is the cash manager to the OBG 
Guarantor (in such capacity, the “Cash Manager”) 
pursuant to the terms of a cash management and 
agency agreement dated 19 January 2012, as amended 
from time to time, between the Issuer, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Representative of the OBG Holders, 
the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation 
Agent, the Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Account 
Bank, 
the 
Servicer, 
the 
Seller, 
the 
Subordinated Loan Provider and the Administrative 
Services Provider (the “Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement”). The Cash Manager will 
perform certain cash management functions on behalf

--- Page 13 ---
13
of the OBG Guarantor. See “General Description of 
the Programme — Description of the Transaction 
Documents”, 
“Accounts 
and 
Cash 
Flows”, 
“Description of the Transaction Documents” and 
“Description of the Issuer”, below. 
Account Bank 
UniCredit, or any other person for the time being 
acting as such, is the account bank to the OBG 
Guarantor in respect of certain of the OBG 
Guarantor’s bank accounts (in such capacity, the 
“Account Bank”) pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. The Account 
Bank has opened, and will maintain, certain bank 
accounts in the name of the OBG Guarantor and will 
operate such accounts in the name and on behalf of 
the OBG Guarantor. See “General Description of the 
Programme — Description of the Transaction 
Documents”, 
“Accounts 
and 
Cash 
Flows”, 
“Description of the Transaction Documents” and 
“Description of the Issuer”, below. 
Calculation Agent 
UniCredit Bank, or any other person for the time 
being acting as such, is the calculation agent (in such 
capacity, the “Calculation Agent”) pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
See 
“General 
Description 
of 
the 
Programme — Description of the Transaction 
Documents”, “Accounts and Cash Flows” and 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement”, below.  
Additional Calculation Agent 
Capital and Funding Solutions S.r.l. is a company 
incorporated as a limited liability company with sole 
quotaholder 
(società 
a 
responsabilita 
limitata 
uninominale) organised under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, registered with the companies’ 
register 
held 
in 
Bergamo, 
Italy, 
at 
number 
03560990164, fiscal code 03560990164 and VAT 
number 03560990164 (“Capital Solutions”). Capital 
Solutions, or any other person for the time being 
acting as such, is the additional calculation agent (the 
“Additional Calculation Agent”). See “General 
Description of the Programme — Description of the 
Transaction Documents”, “Accounts and Cash Flows” 
and “Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Cash Management and Agency

--- Page 14 ---
14
Agreement”, below. 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws 
of France licensed to conduct banking operations, 
having its registered office at Boulevard des Italiens n. 
16, Paris, France, registered with the Chamber of 
Commerce of Paris under number B662 042 449, with 
a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 2,468,663,292, 
acting for the purposes hereof through its Italian 
branch, whose offices are located in Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi n. 3, Milan, enrolled in the register of the banks 
held by the Bank of Italy under no. 5482, Fiscal code 
and VAT code no. 04449690157, REA n. 731270, as 
successor of “BNP Paribas Securities Services”, 
further to the merger by way of incorporation (fusione 
per incorporazione) of BNP Paribas Securities 
Services into BNP Paribas, which took place on 1 
October 2022, or any other person for the time being 
acting as such, is the paying agent in respect of the 
OBG and on behalf of the Issuer (the “Paying 
Agent”) pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. The Paying 
Agent has opened, and will maintain the Payments 
Account, the Eligible Investments Account and the 
Securities Account (in each case as defined below) in 
the name of the OBG Guarantor and will operate such 
accounts in the name and on behalf of the OBG 
Guarantor. 
See 
“General 
Description 
of 
the 
Programme — Description of the Transaction 
Documents”, “Accounts and Cash Flows” and 
“Description of the Transaction Documents”, below.  
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws 
of France licensed to conduct banking operations, 
having its registered office at Boulevard des Italiens n. 
16, Paris, France, registered with the Chamber of 
Commerce of Paris under number B662 042 449, with 
a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 2,468,663,292, 
acting for the purposes hereof through its Luxembourg 
branch, whose offices are located in 60, avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, as successor of “BNP 
Paribas Securities Services”, further to the merger by 
way of incorporation (fusione per incorporazione) of 
BNP Paribas Securities Services into BNP Paribas, 
which took place on 1 October 2022, or any other 
person for the time being acting as such, is the 
Luxembourg listing agent (in such capacity, the

--- Page 15 ---
15
“Luxembourg Listing Agent”).  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a 
financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, 
may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst 
keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in 
Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating 
model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may be 
provided upon request. 
Representative of the OBG 
Holders 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly 
Securitisation Services S.p.A.) is the representative of 
the holders of the OBG (the “Representative of the 
OBG Holders”). Banca Finanziaria Internazionale 
S.p.A. is a bank organised under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy as a joint stock company (società 
per azioni), with registered office in via Vittorio 
Alfieri 1, I-31015 Conegliano (Treviso), Italy, with a 
share capital of € 91,743,007.00 (fully paid-up), fiscal 
code and number of enrolment in the companies’ 
register of Treviso-Belluno 04040580963, VAT Group 
“Gruppo IVA Finint S.p.A.” - VAT number 
04977190265, registered in the Register of the Banks 
under number 5580 pursuant to article 13 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the 
Banking groups as Parent Company of the Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale Banking Group, member of 
the “Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and 
of the “Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia”.  
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s” or the 
“Rating Agency”).  
Additional Sellers 
Any bank (each an “Additional Seller”) other than 
the Seller which is a member of the UniCredit 
Banking Group that will sell Assets, Integration Assets 
or Liquid Assets (as defined below) to the OBG 
Guarantor, 
subject 
to 
satisfaction 
of 
certain 
conditions, and that, for such purpose, shall, inter 
alia, enter into a master transfer agreement, 
substantially in the form of the Master Transfer 
Agreement 
and 
shall, 
inter 
alia, 
accede 
the 
Intercreditor Agreement (which will be amended in 
order to take into account the granting of additional 
subordinated loans) and become a party to the

--- Page 16 ---
16
Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
Ownership or control 
relationships between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the 
principal parties described above in this section, 
other than the relationships existing between the 
Issuer (which, in the context of the Programme, acts 
also as Servicer, Seller, Subordinated Loan Provider, 
Cash Manager and Account Bank), the OBG 
Guarantor, the Sole Arranger, the Calculation Agent, 
the Dealer, all of which belong to the UniCredit 
Banking Group. 
The entities belonging to the UniCredit Banking 
Group are subject to the direction and coordination 
(direzione e coordinamento) of the Issuer. 
2 
Key Features of the OBG and the Programme 
Description 
€35,000,000,000 OBG Programme. 
Size 
Up to €35,000,000,000 at any time in aggregate 
principal amount of OBG outstanding at any time 
(the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit 
may be increased in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution 
The OBG may be distributed on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Issue Price 
OBG of each Series or Tranche may be issued at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (in each case, the “Issue Price” for 
such Series or Tranche). 
Form of OBG  
The OBG may be issued in dematerialised form. 
The OBG issued in bearer form and in 
dematerialised 
form 
(emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) will be wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 
Article 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended, through the 
authorised institutions listed in Article 83-quater of 
such legislative decree. The OBG will be held by 
Monte Titoli on behalf of the OBG Holders until 
redemption and cancellation for the account of each 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli 
shall 
act 
as 
depository 
for 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear. The OBG will at all

--- Page 17 ---
17
times be in book entry form and title to the OBG 
will be evidenced by book entries in accordance 
with: (i) the provisions of Article 83-bis of Italian 
legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended; and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank 
of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 
2018, as subsequently amended. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the 
OBG. 
Currency of denomination 
The OBG may only be denominated in Euro.  
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, any maturity not lower 
than 24 months. 
Denominations 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject 
to the minimum denomination requirements 
specified below, OBG will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal or regulatory or central bank 
requirements and provided that each Series will 
have OBG of one denomination only. 
Minimum Denomination 
The minimum denomination of the OBG to be 
issued from the date hereof will be €100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof or 
such other higher denomination as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche pursuant 
to and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
(in each case, the “Issue Date” in relation to such 
Series or Tranche). The relevant Issue Date of a 
Series or Tranche will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
OBG Payment Date 
The date specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms, provided however that each OBG 
Payment Date must also be a Guarantor Payment 
Date and subject in each case, to the extent 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, to adjustment 
in accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention (each such date, an “OBG Payment 
Date”).  
OBG Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) an

--- Page 18 ---
18
Interest Commencement Date or, in respect of any 
OBG Interest Period other than the first OBG 
Interest Period of each Series or Tranche, any 
OBG Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next following OBG Payment Date, provided 
that the initial OBG Interest Period of the First 
Series or Tranche shall begin on (and include) the 
Initial Issue Date and end on (but exclude) the first 
OBG Payment Date (“OBG Interest Period”).  
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in 
relation to any Series or Tranche of OBG, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of OBG or 
such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Types of OBG 
In accordance with the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Series or Tranche of OBG may be Fixed 
Rate OBG, Floating Rate OBG, Zero Coupon OBG 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. The relevant Series or Tranche of 
OBG may be OBG repayable in one or more 
instalments or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
Series shall be comprised of Fixed Rate OBG only 
or Floating Rate OBG only or Zero Coupon OBG 
only as may be so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Fixed Rate OBG: fixed interest on the Fixed Rate 
OBG will be payable in arrear on such date or dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers. Fixed interest will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for in 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate OBG: Floating Rate OBG will bear 
interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
euro governed by an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., or

--- Page 19 ---
19
(ii) by reference to CMS or EURIBOR (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as adjusted for any 
applicable Margin, in each case as provided 
for in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The applicable OBG Interest Periods will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate 
OBG will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate 
OBG and will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate OBG: 
Floating Rate OBG may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate OBG in respect of each 
OBG Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, will be payable 
on each OBG Payment Date, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided 
for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon OBG: Zero Coupon OBG may be 
issued and sold at their nominal value or at a 
discount and will not bear interest. 
The issuance of certain types of OBG may require a 
prior amendment to the Transaction Documents by 
means of the written agreement among the 
relevant parties thereto and will not require the 
consent of the Representative of the OBG Holders 
or the approval of the OBG Holders. 
Issuance in Series 
OBG will be issued in series (each a “Series”), but 
on different terms from each other, subject to the 
terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of such Series. OBG of different Series will not be 
fungible among themselves. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) which will be 
identical in all respects, but having different issue 
dates, interest commencement dates and issue 
prices. The specific terms of each Tranche will be 
completed in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
will issue OBG without the prior consent of the 
holders of any outstanding OBG but subject to 
certain conditions (See “General Description of the 
Programme - Conditions Precedent to the Issuance

--- Page 20 ---
20
of a new series of OBG” below). 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in 
accordance with the generally applicable terms and 
conditions of the OBG (the “Conditions”) prior to 
the issue of each Series or Tranche detailing certain 
relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of 
that Series only or Tranche only (as the case may 
be), completes the Conditions and the Prospectus 
and must be read in conjunction with the Conditions 
and the Prospectus (each a “Final Terms”). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Series or Tranche of OBG are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest on the OBG 
Except for the Zero Coupon OBG, the OBG will be 
interest-bearing and interest will be calculated, on 
the relevant dates, on the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant OBG. Interest will be 
calculated on the basis of the relevant Day Count 
Fraction as provided for in the Conditions and in the 
relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the 
OBG at a fixed rate or a floating rate and at such 
rate as may be so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the method of calculating interest may 
vary between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Series or Tranche. 
The length of the interest period for the OBG and 
the applicable interest rate or its method of 
calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series or Tranche. OBG may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption of the OBG 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either (a) 
that the OBG cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than in specified instalments, 
if applicable, or in other specified cases, e.g. 
taxation reasons, or Guarantor Events of Default), 
or (b) that such OBG will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer upon giving prior written 
notice to the Representative of OBG Holders on 
behalf of the holders of the OBG (the “OBG 
Holders”) and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and of the 
relevant Final Terms, on a date or dates specified

--- Page 21 ---
21
prior to such maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) or (c) that such will be 
redeemable at the option of the OBG Holders in 
accordance with Condition 8(f). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis 
for calculating the redemption amounts payable. 
Redemption by instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
OBG that are redeemable in two or more 
instalments will set out the dates on which, and the 
amounts in which, such OBG may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
OBG will state whether such OBG may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
OBG Holders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption. 
Early redemption 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” 
above, OBG will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. See 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), below. 
Tax gross up and redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Subject to certain exceptions as provided for in 
Condition 10 (Taxation), payments in respect of 
the OBG to be made by the Issuer will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by any tax jurisdiction, subject as 
provided in Condition 10 (Taxation). 
In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is made the Issuer will be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. In such circumstances and provided that 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
OBG will be redeemable (in whole, but not in 
part) at the option of the Issuer. See Condition 
8(c).  
The OBG Guarantor will not be liable to pay any 
additional amount due to taxation reasons in case an 
Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) has 
occurred. 
Maturity Date 
The final maturity date for each Series or Tranche 
(the “Maturity Date”) will be specified in the

--- Page 22 ---
22
relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer. Unless previously 
redeemed as provided in Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase), the OBG of each Series will be 
redeemed at their Outstanding Principal Balance on 
the relevant Maturity Date. 
Extendable maturity  
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that 
the obligations of the OBG Guarantor to pay all or 
(as applicable) part of the Final Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) payable on the Maturity 
Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of Maturity) for a maximum period of 12 
months following the applicable Maturity Date (the 
“Extended Maturity Date”).  
Such deferral will occur automatically in respect of 
any given Series if:  
(a) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and 
(b) the 
OBG 
Guarantor 
has 
insufficient 
moneys 
available 
under 
the 
relevant 
Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount in full in respect of the 
relevant Series of OBG as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”) on the Maturity Date, 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the OBG 
Guarantor has sufficient Available Funds to pay in 
part - on the relevant Maturity Date - the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant 
Series of OBG, the OBG Guarantor shall make 
partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount, in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority (as defined below), without any 
preference among the OBG outstanding, except in 
respect of the applicable maturity of each Series 
or Tranche. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred 
automatically 
until 
the 
applicable 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date, 
provided 
that 
any 
amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due 
and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may

--- Page 23 ---
23
be paid by the OBG Guarantor on any OBG 
Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the 
extension of maturity of the OBG pursuant to 
Condition 8(b) within 10 days from the occurrence 
thereof. 
Status and ranking of the OBG 
The 
OBG 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference 
among themselves and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-
up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the 
Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the OBG 
Holders will be collected by the OBG Guarantor on 
their behalf. 
The OBG will be guaranteed by the OBG 
Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the OBG 
Guarantee (as defined below) with limited recourse 
to the Available Funds.  
The OBG will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves, except in respect of 
the applicable maturity of each Series or Tranche, 
and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at 
least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer having the same maturity of each Series or 
Tranche of OBG, from time to time outstanding. 
Limited recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established 
by Law 130 and with the terms and conditions of 
the relevant Transaction Documents (as defined 
below), the OBG Holders will have (i) recourse to 
the Issuer and (ii) limited recourse to the OBG 
Guarantor limited to the Available Funds. See 
“Credit Structure” below. 
Conditions precedent to the 
issuance of OBG 
The Issuer may at its option (but shall not be under 
any obligation to do so), on any date and without 
the prior consent of the holders of the OBG issued 
beforehand and of any other creditors of the OBG 
Guarantor or of the Issuer, issue further Series (or 
Tranches) of OBG other than the first Series,

--- Page 24 ---
24
subject to: 
(i) satisfaction of the Over-Collateralisation 
Test, of the Mandatory Tests and of the 
Liquidity Buffer Test, also taking into account 
the amount of OBG outstanding further to the 
relevant new issue of OBG; 
(ii) the corporate duration of the Issuer, or of any 
successor, has not expired; and 
(iii) no Programme Suspension Period has occurred 
and is continuing. 
The payment obligations under the OBG issued 
under all Series shall be cross-collateralised by all 
the assets included in the Portfolio, through the 
OBG Guarantee (as defined below). See also 
“General description of the Programme - Ranking 
and status of the OBG”, below. 
Programme Termination Date 
“Programme Termination Date” means the later 
of: 
(i) the date that falls ten calendar years after the 
Initial Issue Date; and 
(ii) the date on which all Series of OBG issued 
under the Programme have been fully 
redeemed. 
Programme Suspension Period 
During the period starting from the date on which a 
breach of the Over-Collateralisation Test, any of the 
Mandatory Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Test has 
been ascertained through the delivery of (i) a 
Negative Report by the Calculation Agent and (ii) 
an Asset Monitor Report by the Asset Monitor and 
ending on the later of (1) the date on which such 
breach 
has 
been 
cured, 
(2) 
the 
Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test are satisfied provided that no 
Issuer Event of Default (caused by an event other 
than a breach of any of the Mandatory Test or the 
Over-Collateralisation Test) has occurred and is 
continuing (each such period a “Programme 
Suspension Period”): 
(a) no further payments of interest or repayment 
on 
principal 
to 
the 
Seller 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan (as defined below) (or to 
any Additional Seller under the relevant 
additional subordinated loan, if applicable) 
shall be effected in accordance with the

--- Page 25 ---
25
provisions of the relevant subordinated loan 
agreement and all cash owned by the OBG 
Guarantor shall be deposited on the relevant 
Accounts opened in the name of the OBG 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, according to 
the Transaction Documents, (until all OBG are 
fully repaid or an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption 
Amount 
for 
each 
OBG 
outstanding has been accumulated); and 
(b) no more purchase price for further Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(as defined below) will be paid to the Seller 
(or to the Additional Seller, if applicable), 
other than through the drawdown of additional 
advances under the Subordinated Loan or the 
relevant additional subordinated loan granted 
by the Additional Seller (if any and as the case 
may be) but subject to the Limits to the 
Assignment; and 
(c) no more OBG may be issued. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for OBG to be issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of 
OBG may be unlisted. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or 
not the relevant OBG are to be listed and, if so, on 
which stock exchange(s).  
Settlement 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Governing law 
The OBG and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with them, are 
governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche issued under the Programme 
may be assigned a rating by Moody’s or may be 
unrated as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where a Tranche or Series of OBG is to be rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the OBG already issued.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to

--- Page 26 ---
26
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning credit rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to the relevant Series or Tranche will be 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under EU CRA Regulation or 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted under the EU CRA 
Regulation and UK regulated investors are 
restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
a credit rating for regulatory purposes unless such 
rating is issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA or the UK and registered under the 
relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or superseded, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EEA credit rating agencies or non-UK credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered or UK- registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA (or 
non-UK) credit rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of all 
OBG will be applied by the Issuer for: 
(a) 
general funding purposes of the Group 
(including funding of the mortgage loans 
business of the Group); or 
(b) 
as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, including, without limitation, to be 
applied towards Eligible Projects/Green 
Projects, Eligible Projects/Social Projects 
or a financing or re-financing of any 
combination of each of the Eligible 
Projects/Green 
Projects 
or 
Eligible 
Projects/Social Projects. 
Selling restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the OBG and the

--- Page 27 ---
27
distribution of offering material in certain 
jurisdictions including Italy, the United States 
of America, the United Kingdom, the European 
Economic Area and Japan shall be subject to the 
selling restrictions applicable in such countries. See 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
3 
OBG Guarantee 
Security for the OBG 
In accordance with Law 130, pursuant to the OBG 
Guarantee, the OBG Holders will benefit from a 
guarantee issued by the OBG Guarantor over a 
portfolio of receivables transferred or to be 
transferred by the Seller and the Additional Sellers 
(if any), arising from some or all of the following 
assets:  
(i) in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, 
lett (d) of Regulation (EU) 575/2013, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2160/2019 (the 
“CRR”), mortgage receivables secured by 
residential real estate assets, provided that the 
relevant real estate asset is located in an 
Admitted State (as defined below) (the 
“Residential Mortgage Receivables”);  
(ii) in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, 
lett. (f) of the CRR, mortgage receivables 
secured by non residential real estate assets, 
provided that the relevant real estate asset is 
located in an Admitted State (as defined below) 
(the 
“Non-Residential 
Mortgage 
Receivables” 
and, 
together 
with 
the 
Residential 
Mortgage 
Receivables, 
the 
“Mortgage Receivables”); and 
(iii) securities satisfying the requirements set forth 
under Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and 
letter (b) of the CRR (as defined below) (the 
“Public Securities” and, together with the 
Mortgage Receivables, the “Assets”, and, 
within certain limits, the Integration Assets (as 
defined below) and the Liquid Assets (as 
defined below). The Assets, the Integration 
Assets and the Liquid Assets (including (i) any 
sum standing to the credit of the Accounts and 
(ii) the Eligible Investments) are jointly 
referred to as the “Portfolio”).

--- Page 28 ---
28
“Admitted States” means any States belonging to 
the European Economic Space and Switzerland. 
Under the terms of the OBG Guarantee, following 
the service of a Notice to Pay (as defined below) on 
the OBG Guarantor as a result of the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below), the 
OBG Guarantor will be obliged to pay any 
amounts due under the OBG as and when the 
same were originally due for payment by the Issuer. 
The obligations of the OBG Guarantor under the 
OBG Guarantee constitute a guarantee and certain 
provisions of the civil code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), as 
specified in Article 7-quaterdecies of the Law 130, 
shall not apply. Accordingly, the obligations of the 
OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee 
constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of 
the OBG Guarantor, at first demand (a prima 
richiesta), irrevocable (irrevocabile), unconditional 
(incondizionata), independent guarantee (garanzia 
autonoma) and with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds, regardless of any invalidity, 
irregularity, genuiness or unenforceability of any 
of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
Issuer Events of Default 
Each of the following events with respect to the 
Issuer shall constitute an “Issuer Event of 
Default”: 
(i) default is made by the Issuer for a period of 
7 days or more in the payment of any 
principal or redemption amount, or for a period 
of 14 days or more in the payment of any 
interest on the OBG of any Series when due; or 
(ii) the Issuer has incurred into a material default 
in the performance or observance of any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the OBG (of 
any Series outstanding) or any of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the OBG) and (except 
where, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the OBG Holders, such default is not capable of 
remedy in which case no notice will be 
required), such default remains unremedied 
for 30 days after the Representative of the

--- Page 29 ---
29
OBG Holders has given written notice thereof 
to the Issuer, certifying that such default is, 
in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the OBG Holders and specifying 
whether or not such default is capable of 
remedy; or 
(iii) an Insolvency Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) (other than risoluzione or misure 
di intervento precoce) occurs in respect of 
the Issuer; or 
(iv) the 
Mandatory 
Tests 
or 
the 
Over-
Collateralisation Test are breached and not 
cured within 1 month following the delivery by 
the Calculation Agent of a Negative Report as 
confirmed by the Asset Monitor Report; or 
(v) a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Banking Law is issued in respect of the 
Issuer. 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs: 
(a) the Representative of the OBG Holders shall 
promptly serve a notice (the “Notice to Pay”) 
on the OBG Guarantor declaring that an Issuer 
Event 
of 
Default 
has 
occurred 
and 
specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default referred to under paragraph (v) 
above, that the Issuer Event of Default may 
have temporary nature; 
(b) after the service of a Notice to Pay, each Series 
of OBG will accelerate against the Issuer and 
they will rank pari passu amongst themselves 
against the Issuer, provided that (i) such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration 
against the OBG Guarantor, (ii) in accordance 
with Article 7-quaterdecies, Para. 3, of the 
Law 130, the OBG Guarantor shall be solely 
responsible for the exercise of the rights of the 
OBG Holders vis-à-vis the Issuer and (iii) in 
case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to 
under paragraph (v) above (x) the OBG 
Guarantor, in accordance with the Law 130, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the 
amounts due and payable under the OBG 
within the suspension period and (y) upon the 
end of the suspension period the Issuer shall

--- Page 30 ---
30
be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the OBG (and for the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
the 
OBG 
then 
outstanding will not be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer); 
(c) after the service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG 
Guarantor will pay any amounts due under 
the OBG as and when the same were 
originally due for payment by the Issuer 
pursuant to the OBG Guarantee and in 
accordance with the originals terms and 
maturity set out in the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(d) after the service of a Notice to Pay, in 
accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Para. 
3, of the Law 130, the OBG Guarantor shall be 
solely responsible, at its discretion and without 
further notice, to take such steps and/or 
institute such proceedings (also acting through 
the Representative of the OBG Holders) 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
such payments, but it shall not be bound to 
take any such proceedings or steps unless 
requested or authorised by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the OBG Holders; 
(e) after the service of a Notice to Pay, the 
Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test 
shall 
continue 
to 
be 
applied 
and 
the 
Amortisation Test shall apply; 
(f) after the service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG 
Guarantor shall sell the Assets, the Integration 
Assets and the Liquid Assets included in the 
portfolio in accordance with the provisions of 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
(g) after the service of a Notice to Pay, no 
further payments to the Seller and/or the 
Additional Sellers (if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan and/or, as the case may 
be, the relevant subordinated loan shall be 
effected and, until all OBG are fully repaid or 
an amount equal to the Required Redemption 
Amount for each Series of OBG outstanding 
has been accumulated, any residual cash of 
the OBG Guarantor after making the 
payments or provisions provided for under

--- Page 31 ---
31
items (i) to (iv) of the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority shall be deposited on the 
Accounts;  
(h) after the service of a Notice to Pay and until 
all OBG are fully repaid or an amount equal to 
the Required Redemption Amount for each 
Series 
of 
OBG 
outstanding 
has 
been 
accumulated, no more purchase price for 
further Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets (as defined below) will be paid 
to the Seller and/or the Additional Sellers (if 
any), other than through the drawdown of 
additional advances under the Subordinated 
Loan or, as the case may be, the relevant 
subordinated loan; and  
(i) after the service of a Notice to Pay, no further 
Series of OBG may be issued. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay, each of the following 
events shall constitute a “Guarantor Event of 
Default”: 
(i) non payment of principal and interest due in 
respect of the relevant Series of OBG in 
accordance with the OBG Guarantee, subject 
to an 8 days cure period in respect of principal 
or redemption amount and a 15 days cure 
period in respect of interest payment; or 
(ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the 
OBG Guarantor; or 
(iii) a breach of the obligations of the OBG 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents 
(other than (i) above) occurs which breach is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders capable of 
remedy, is not in the opinion of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders remedied 
within 30 days after notice of such breach 
shall have been given to the OBG Guarantor 
by the Representative of the OBG Holders; or 
(iv) a breach of the Amortisation Test according to 
a Negative Report issued by the Calculation 
Agent as confirmed by the Asset Monitor 
Report. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the

--- Page 32 ---
32
Representative of the OBG Holders: 
(a) in cases under (i), (ii) and (iv) above, may but 
shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Conditions) of the 
OBG Holders, and 
(b) in case under (iii) above, shall, if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the OBG Holders, 
serve a notice on the OBG Guarantor (the 
“Guarantor Acceleration Notice”) and all OBG 
will accelerate against the OBG Guarantor, 
becoming immediately due and payable, and they 
will rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
“Calculation Date” means, in relation to a 
Guarantor Payment Date, the day falling 4 Business 
Days prior to such Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (i) before the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 31 
January, 30 April, 31 July and 31 October of each 
year, (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the last day of each month 
starting from the calendar month immediately 
following the calendar month in which the Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred, subject in all 
instances to adjustment in accordance with the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention and 
(iii) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default, each Business Day.  
Cross acceleration 
If a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each 
OBG will accelerate at the same time against the 
OBG Guarantor, provided that the OBG does not 
otherwise contain a cross default provision and will 
thus not cross accelerate in case of an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG Guarantor will 
use Interest Available Funds (as defined below) to 
make payments in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof: (a) any OBG 
Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses

--- Page 33 ---
33
and taxes to maintain it in good standing, to 
comply with applicable legislation and to 
preserve 
its 
corporate 
existence 
(the 
“Expenses”), to the extent that such costs and 
expenses have not been already met by 
utilising the amount standing to the credit of 
the Expenses Account, and (b) all amounts due 
and payable to the Seller and/or to the 
Additional Seller (if any) or the party indicated 
by the Seller or by the Additional Seller (if 
any) as the case may be, in respect of the 
insurance premium element of the instalment 
(if any) collected by the OBG Guarantor 
during the preceding Collection Period (as 
defined below) with respect to the outstanding 
Asset; 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof 
any amount due and payable (including fees, 
costs and expenses) to the Representative of 
the OBG Holders, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Additional 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset 
Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Servicer 
and the Additional Servicer (if any), and to 
credit the Target Expenses Amount into the 
Expenses Account; 
(iii) third, to replenish the Reserve Account up to 
the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof 
any amount necessary to cover the amounts 
transferred from the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority according to item (i) 
on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date and 
not paid yet; 
(v) fifth, provided that a Programme Suspension 
Period is not continuing, to pay, pari passu and 
pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, (a) to pay the Corrispettivi Individuali 
in Linea Interessi of the Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets offered for sale by 
the Seller and/or by the Additional Seller (if 
any) in the context of a Revolving Assignment,

--- Page 34 ---
34
Integration Assignment for the purposes of 
curing a breach of the Limit to the Integration, 
or Issuance Collateralisation in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement; (b) if the payment of any such 
purchase price shall be deferred in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement, to credit to the Payment Account 
the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount; (c) 
to pay any amount due and payable to the 
Seller and/or the Additional Seller (if any) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement as Corrispettivi Individuali 
in Linea Interessi of the Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets offered for sale by 
the Seller and/or by the Additional Seller (if 
any) in the context of a Revolving Assignment, 
Integration Assignment for the purposes of 
curing a breach of the Limit to the Integration, 
or Issuance Collateralisation to the extent not 
previously paid by using the funds credited to 
the Payment Account as Purchase Price 
Accumulation Amount on the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date; and (d) all 
amounts due and payable to the Seller or the 
Additional Seller (if any) (as the case may be), 
in accordance with the relevant transfer 
agreement 
provided 
that 
the 
Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and 
the Liquidity Buffer Test would still be 
satisfied after such payment; 
(vi) sixth, provided that a Programme Suspension 
Period is not continuing, to pay, pari passu and 
pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any and all outstanding fees, costs, 
liabilities and any other expenses to be paid to 
fulfil obligations to any other creditors and 
Secured Creditors of the OBG Guarantor 
incurred in the course of the OBG Guarantor’s 
business in relation to this Programme (other 
than amounts already provided for in this 
Priority of Payments) provided that the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and 
the Liquidity Buffer Test would still be 
satisfied after such payment;

--- Page 35 ---
35
(vii) seventh, 
provided 
that 
a 
Programme 
Suspension Period is not continuing and after 
the 
repayment 
request 
made 
by 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Provider 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan provider, if any, under any additional 
subordinated loan), to pay pari passu and pro 
rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any principal amount due and payable 
as determined by the Subordinated Loan 
Provider (or additional subordinated loan 
provider, if any) under the Subordinated Loan 
(or the relevant additional subordinated loan, if 
any) provided that the Over-Collateralisation 
Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity 
Buffer Test would still be satisfied after such 
payment;  
(viii) 
eighth, 
provided 
that 
a 
Programme 
Suspension Period is not continuing, to pay, 
pari passu and pro rata, according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Subordinated 
Loan Interest Amount due and payable under 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
(or 
additional 
subordinated loan, if any) provided that the 
Over-Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory 
Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test would still 
be satisfied after such payment, 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority”). 
“Target Expenses Amount” means at each 
Guarantor Payment Date the amount of €50,000. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” means, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of (A), (B) and 
(C) 
where 
A. 
is the amount of interest accrued on the 
OBG until that Guarantor Payment Date 
(inclusive) and not yet paid by the Issuer or 
the OBG Guarantor, 
B. 
is the amount of interest due and payable on 
the OBG on the immediately succeeding 
Guarantor Payment Date without double 
counting (A) above, and

--- Page 36 ---
36
C. 
is an amount equal to 0.30% of the 
Outstanding 
Principal 
Balance 
of 
the 
Portfolio as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG Guarantor will 
use Principal Available Funds (as defined below) 
to make payments in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due and payable under items (i) 
and (ii) (other than any amount due according 
to (i) b)) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority, to the extent that the Interest 
Available Funds are not sufficient, on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, to make such 
payments in full; 
(ii) second, 
provided 
that 
a 
Programme 
Suspension Period is not continuing, pari 
passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (a) to pay the Corrispettivi 
Individuali in Linea Capitale of the Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets offered 
for sale by the Seller and/or by the Additional 
Seller (if any) in the context of a Revolving 
Assignment or Integration Assignment for the 
purposes of curing a breach of the Limit to the 
Integration in accordance with the provisions 
of the Master Transfer Agreement; (b) if the 
payment of any such purchase price shall be 
deferred in accordance with the provisions of 
the Master Transfer Agreement, to credit to the 
Payment 
Account 
the 
Purchase 
Price 
Accumulation Amount; and (c) to pay any 
amount due and payable to the Seller and/or 
the Additional Seller (if any) in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement as Corrispettivi Individuali in Linea 
Capitale of the Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets offered for sale by the Seller 
and/or by the Additional Seller (if any) in the

--- Page 37 ---
37
context of a Revolving Assignment or 
Integration Assignment for the purposes of 
curing a breach of the Limit to the Integration 
to the extent not previously paid by using the 
funds credited to the Payment Account as 
Purchase Price Accumulation Amount on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(iii) third, if a Programme Suspension Period 
has occurred and is continuing, to deposit on 
the Principal Collection Account any residual 
Principal Available Funds until an amount up 
to the Required Redemption Amount of any 
Series 
of 
OBG 
outstanding 
has 
been 
accumulated; 
(iv) fourth, 
provided 
that 
a 
Programme 
Suspension Period is not continuing, to pay, 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, all amounts due 
and payable to the Seller or the Additional 
Seller (if any) (as the case may be), in 
accordance 
with 
the 
relevant 
transfer 
agreement 
provided 
that 
the 
Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and 
the Liquidity Buffer Test would still be 
satisfied after such payment, to the extent not 
already paid under item (v) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority;  
(v) fifth, 
provided 
that 
a 
Programme 
Suspension Period is not continuing, to pay, 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any and all 
outstanding fees, costs, liabilities and any other 
expenses to be paid to fulfil obligations to any 
other creditors and Secured Creditors of the 
OBG Guarantor incurred in the course of the 
OBG Guarantor’s business in relation to this 
Programme (other than amounts already 
provided for in this Priority of Payments) 
provided that the Over-Collateralisation Test, 
the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer 
Test would still be satisfied after such 
payment, to the extent not already paid under 
item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority;

--- Page 38 ---
38
(vi) sixth, provided that a Programme Suspension 
Period is not continuing, to pay, pari passu and 
pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof after the repayment request made by 
the Subordinated Loan Provider (or additional 
subordinated loan provider, if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any), the amount due as principal 
redemption under the Subordinated Loan (or 
additional subordinated loan, if any) provided 
that 
the 
Over-Collateralisation 
Test, 
the 
Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test 
would still be satisfied after such payment, 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority”). 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest 
Available Funds” shall include (a) any interest 
received from the Portfolio during the Collection 
Period immediately preceding such Guarantor 
Payment Date, (b) any interest amount received by 
the OBG Guarantor as remuneration of the 
Accounts during the Collection Period immediately 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (c) any 
amount received as interest by the OBG Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents (other 
than amounts already allocated under items (a) and 
(b)) during the Collection Period immediately 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (d) any 
amount deposited in the Reserve Account as at the 
Calculation Date immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date (other than the amount 
already allocated under item (b)), (e) any amount 
deposited in the Interest Collection Account, as at 
the preceding Guarantor Payment Date, (f) the 
amount standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account (other than amounts already allocated 
under item (b)) at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date (which is 
not a Programme Termination Date), (g) any net 
interest amount or income from any Eligible 
Investments or of the Public Securities (without 
duplication 
with 
the 
Eligible 
Investments) 
liquidated at the immediately preceding Liquidation 
Date, (h) provided that the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
satisfied, any amount standing to the credit of the

--- Page 39 ---
39
Liquid Assets Securities Reserve Account. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Principal 
Available Funds” shall include: (a) any principal 
payment received during the Collection Period 
immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment 
Date; (b) any principal amount received by the 
OBG Guarantor as reimbursement of the Eligible 
Investments 
liquidated 
on 
the 
immediately 
preceding Liquidation Date arising from investment 
made using principal collection; (c) any principal 
amount received by the OBG Guarantor from any 
party to the Transaction Documents (other than the 
amounts already allocated under items (a) and (b)) 
during the Collection Period immediately preceding 
such Guarantor Payment Date; (d) any amount 
standing to the credit of the Principal Collection 
Account (other than the amounts already allocated 
under item (a)) at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date net of any 
interest accrued thereon; (e) the amount standing to 
the credit of the Expenses Account on the 
Programme Termination Date; (f) any principal 
amount arising out from the liquidation of Public 
Securities (without duplication with the (b) above) 
liquidated at the immediately preceding Liquidation 
Date arising from investment made using principal 
collection and (g) the positive difference (if any) 
between (1) the Purchase Price Accumulation 
Amount credited to the Payment Account on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date 
and (2) the monies paid to the Seller and/or the 
Additional Seller in the context of a Revolving 
Assignment, in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement, 
during 
the 
period 
between 
the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date and the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as 
consideration for the purchase of the New Portfolio 
by using the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount 
credited 
to 
the 
Payment 
Account 
on 
the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Collection Period” means (a) prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
period between each Collection Date (included) and 
the following Collection Date (excluded), save for 
the first Collection Period, where the Collection

--- Page 40 ---
40
Period is comprised between the Evaluation Date 
(included) in respect to the transfer of the first 
Portfolio and 1 April 2012 (excluded) and (b) after 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
period between two Business Days. 
“Collection Date” means 1 January, 1 April, 1 July 
and 1 October of each year and, following an Issuer 
Event of Default, the first calendar day of each 
month.  
“Evaluation Date” means (i) in respect of the 
Initial Portfolio the beginning of 1 January 2012 
and (ii) in respect of any New Portfolio, the date 
indicated as such in the relevant offer for the 
transfer of New Portfolios. 
“Purchase Price Accumulation Amount” means 
an amount equal to the Provisional Purchase Price 
of the New Portfolio as determined with reference 
to a New Portfolio under the relevant Offer of 
Transfer. 
“Provisional 
Purchase 
Price 
of 
the 
New 
Portfolio” has the meaning ascribe to the 
expression 
“Corrispettivo 
Provvisorio 
del 
Portafoglio Successivo” under the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the 
service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the 
OBG Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to 
make payments in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof 
(a) the Expenses, to the extent that such costs 
and expenses have not been already met by 
utilising the amount standing to the credit of 
the Expenses Account, (b) all amounts due and 
payable to the Seller and/or by the Additional 
Seller (if any) or the party indicated by the 
Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) as the 
case may be, in respect of the insurance 
premium element of the instalment (if any) 
collected by the OBG Guarantor during the

--- Page 41 ---
41
preceding Collection Period with respect to the 
outstanding Asset still owned by the OBG 
Guarantor; 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof 
any amount due and payable (including fees, 
costs and expenses) to the Representative of the 
OBG Holders, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Additional 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset 
Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Servicer 
and the Additional Servicer (if any), and to 
credit the Target Expenses Amount into the 
Expenses Account; 
(iii) third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due and payable as interest on the 
OBG on their relevant OBG Payment Dates; 
(iv) fourth, to replenish the Reserve Account up to 
the Total Target Reserve Amount; 
(v) fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any amount due and payable as principal on 
the OBG on their relevant OBG Payment 
Dates;  
(vi) sixth, to deposit on the relevant OBG 
Guarantor’s Accounts any residual amount 
until all Series of OBG outstanding have 
been repaid in full; 
(vii) seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, all 
amounts due and payable to the Seller or the 
Additional Seller (if any) (as the case may 
be), in accordance with the relevant transfer 
agreement; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any and all outstanding fees, costs, liabilities 
and any other expenses to be paid to fulfil 
obligations to any other creditors and Secured 
Creditors of the OBG Guarantor incurred in the 
course of the OBG Guarantor’s business in 
relation to this Programme (other than

--- Page 42 ---
42
amounts already provided for in this Priority 
of Payments); 
(ix) ninth, after the repayment request made by the 
Subordinated Loan Provider (or additional 
subordinated loan provider, if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any), to pay pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any principal amount due and payable as 
determined by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
(or additional subordinated loan provider, if 
any) under the Subordinated Loan (or 
additional subordinated loan, if any); 
(x) tenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any 
interest 
amount 
due 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any); 
(xi) eleventh, after the repayment request made by 
the Subordinated Loan Provider (or additional 
subordinated loan provider, if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any), to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any 
principal 
amount 
due 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any),  
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority”). 
“Available Funds” shall include (a) the Interest 
Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds 
and (c) following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Excess Proceeds. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts received by 
the OBG Guarantor as a result of any enforcement 
taken against the Issuer in accordance with Article 
7-quaterdecies, Para. 3 of the Law 130. 
“Negative Carry Corrector” means a percentage 
calculated by reference to the average margin 
payable on the outstanding Series of OBG weighted 
for the Principal Amount Outstanding of each 
outstanding Series of OBG plus 0.5 per cent. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any 
date in respect of any Series of OBG or, where 
applicable, in respect of all Series of OBG: the

--- Page 43 ---
43
principal amount of such series or, where 
applicable, all such Series upon issue, minus the 
aggregate amount of all principal which as been 
repaid prior to such date in respect of such Series 
or, where applicable, all such Series. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means in 
respect of any relevant Series or Tranche of OBG, 
the amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant 
Series 
or 
Tranche 
of 
OBG 
multiplied by (1+(Negative Carry Corrector 
* (days to the Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Maturity Date if applicable) of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of OBG/365)); 
plus 
(b) 
any pro rata cost expected to be incurred by 
the OBG Guarantor up to the last Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if 
applicable) with respect to the relevant 
Series or Tranche of OBG. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the 
service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the 
OBG Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to 
make payments in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof 
(a) any Expenses, to the extent that such costs 
and expenses have not been already met by 
utilising the amount standing to the credit of 
the Expenses Account, and (b) all amounts due 
and payable to the Seller and/or to the 
Additional Seller (if any) or the party 
indicated by the Seller or by the Additional 
Seller (if any) as the case may be, in respect of 
the insurance premium element of the 
instalment (if any) collected by the OBG 
Guarantor during the preceding Collection 
Period with respect to the outstanding Asset; 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof 
any amount due and payable (including fees,

--- Page 44 ---
44
costs and expenses) to the Representative of the 
OBG Holders, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Additional 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Asset 
Monitor, the Portfolio Manager, the Servicer 
and the Additional Servicer (if any) and to 
credit the Target Expenses Amount into the 
Expenses Account; 
(iii) third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata any 
interest and principal amount due and payable 
on the OBG; 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, all 
amounts due and payable to the Seller or the 
Additional Seller (if any) (as the case may 
be), in accordance with the relevant transfer 
agreement; 
(v) fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any and all 
outstanding fees, costs, liabilities and any other 
expenses to be paid to fulfil obligations to any 
other creditors and Secured Creditors of the 
OBG Guarantor incurred in the course of the 
OBG Guarantor’s business in relation to this 
Programme (other than amounts already 
provided for in this Priority of Payments); 
(vi) sixth, after the repayment request made by the 
Subordinated Loan Provider (or additional 
subordinated loan provider, if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (or additional 
subordinated loan agreement), to pay pari 
passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any principal amount due and 
payable as determined by the Subordinated 
Loan Provider (or additional subordinated loan 
provider, if any) under the Subordinated 
Loan (or additional subordinated loan, if any); 
(vii) seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any 
interest 
amount 
due 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any); and 
(viii) eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata

--- Page 45 ---
45
according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any 
principal 
amount 
due 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated 
loan, if any), 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority” 
and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority, the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority, are collectively referred to as the “Priority 
of Payments”). 
4 
Creation and administration of the Portfolio 
Transfer of the Portfolio 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the 
Seller (a) transferred to the OBG Guarantor the 
Initial Portfolio and (b) may assign and transfer 
Assets and/or Integration Assets satisfying the 
Criteria and/or Liquid Assets to the OBG Guarantor 
from time to time, on a revolving basis, in the cases 
and subject to the limits for the transfer of further 
Assets referred to below. 
The purchase price in respect of the Initial 
Portfolio has been determined pursuant to the 
Master Transfer Agreement. Under the Master 
Transfer Agreement, the relevant parties thereto 
have acknowledged that the purchase price in 
respect of the Initial Portfolio shall be funded 
through the proceeds granted in accordance with 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the 
OBG Guarantor shall acquire, further Assets, 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets, as the case may 
be, in order to: 
(a) collateralise and allow the issue of further 
series of OBG by the Issuer, subject to the 
Limit to the Integration (the “Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignment”); and/or 
(b) invest the Available Funds, provided that a 
Programme 
Suspension 
Period 
is 
not 
continuing (the “Revolving Assignment”); 
and/or 
(c) comply with the Mandatory Tests, the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Limit to the 
Integration and/or the Liquidity Buffer Test in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Portfolio

--- Page 46 ---
46
Administration 
Agreement 
(the 
“Integration Assignment”), subject to the 
limits referred to in sub-section “Integration 
Assets” below. 
The Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid 
Assets will be assigned and transferred to the OBG 
Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) in 
accordance with Law 130 and subject to the 
terms and conditions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and 
subject to the conditions provided therein, the 
Seller has been granted with a call option and pre-
emption right to repurchase Assets and Liquid 
Assets which have been assigned to the OBG 
Guarantor of the Assets forming part of the 
Portfolio. 
Furthermore, the Seller has been granted by the 
OBG Guarantor with a wide power to renegotiate 
the terms and conditions of the Assets transferred 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Representations and Warranties of 
the Seller 
Under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the 
Seller has made certain representations and 
warranties regarding itself and the Assets 
including, inter alia: 
(i) its status, capacity and authority to enter 
into the Transaction Documents and assume 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by it 
therein; 
(ii) the legality, validity, binding nature and 
enforceability of the obligations assumed by 
it; 
(iii) the existence of the Assets, the absence of 
any lien attaching the Assets; subject to the 
applicable provisions of laws and of the 
relevant agreements, the full, unconditional, 
legal title of the Seller to the Initial Portfolio; 
and 
(iv) the validity and enforceability, subject to 
the applicable provisions of laws and of the 
relevant agreements, against the relevant 
Debtors of the obligations from which the 
Initial Portfolio arises. 
General Criteria 
Each of the Mortgage Receivables comprised in the

--- Page 47 ---
47
Portfolio shall comply with the following general 
criteria (the “General Criteria”) as at the relevant 
Evaluation Date (to be deemed cumulative unless 
otherwise provided) (or at such other date specified 
below): 
(i) mortgage loans in respect of which the ratio 
between loan’s outstanding principal on the 
Evaluation Date and the value of the real estate 
upon which the guarantee has been created, 
calculated on the Execution Date or on the date 
of the apportionment (frazionamento) in case 
of loans arising from the apportionment 
(frazionamento) of a prior quota loan, is: 
(a) 
equal to or lower than 80 per cent. in 
case of Residential Mortgage Loans, or 
(b) 
equal to or lower than 60 per cent. in 
case 
of 
Non-Residential 
Mortgage 
Loans; 
(ii) loans in respect of which the principal debtors 
(including further to a novation (accollo 
liberatorio) 
and/or 
apportionment 
(frazionamento)) are: 
(a) 
in case of Residential Mortgage 
Loans, one or more individuals 
(including individuals whose loan was 
granted in their capacity as owners of 
sole proprietorships or members of de 
facto companies resident in Italy, 
according to what is indicated in the 
last 
communication 
received 
by 
UniCredit S.p.A. from the relevant 
debtor) or one or more entities, of 
which at least one having his 
residence in Italy or, as applicable, its 
corporate seat in Italy; or 
(b) 
in case of Non-Residential Mortgage 
Loans, 
one 
or 
more 
entities 
(incorporated in the form of a general 
partnership, 
limited 
partnership, 
limited liability company, joint stock 
company, limited liability cooperative 
company, limited liability partnership, 
or consortium, simple partnership,

--- Page 48 ---
48
professional firm, or association), of 
which at least one having its corporate 
seat in Italy or one or more individuals 
in their capacity of entrepreneurs of 
which at least one having its residence 
in Italy; 
(iii) loans secured by a mortgage on real estates 
located in Italy and insured against the risk of 
damage and in respect of which the hardening 
period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable 
to the relevant mortgage is elapsed on the 
Evaluation Date or prior to it; 
(iv) loans which are governed by Italian law; 
(v) loans denominated in Euro (or originally 
disbursed 
in 
a 
different 
currency 
and 
subsequently re-denominated in Euro); 
(vi) loans having at least one instalment (even an 
only interest one) fallen due and paid; 
(vii) in case of Residential Mortgage Loans, loans 
whose residual tenor is not in excess of 30 
years; or in case of Non-Residential Mortgage 
Loans, loans whose residual tenor is not in 
excess of 25 years. 
The 
Portfolio 
does 
not 
include 
Mortgage 
Receivables arising from: 
(i) loans granted to, or secured by, a public 
administration entity (ente pubblico) 
(ii) loans granted to an ecclesiastic entity (ente 
ecclesiastico); 
(iii) loans which were classified as agricultural 
credit (mutui agrari) pursuant to Article 43 of 
the Banking Law, as at the relevant Execution 
Date. 
The Mortgage Receivables to be comprised in the 
Portfolio shall comply also with the Specific 
Criteria in addition to the General Criteria. 
“Execution Date” means the date on which the 
relevant loan agreement has been executed, without 
taking 
into 
account 
potential 
accolli 
or 
restructuring or frazionamenti that have been 
executed after such date. 
“Non-Residential Mortgage Loans” means those 
mortgage loans which, pursuant to Article 129 of

--- Page 49 ---
49
the CRR, are secured over a non-residential 
property and located in an Admitted State. 
“Residential Mortgage Loans” means those 
mortgage loans which, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the CRR, are secured over a residential property 
and located in an Admitted State. 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the 
selection of the Mortgage Receivables to be 
included in the portfolios to which such criteria 
are applied, as set forth in annex 2 to the Master 
Transfer Agreement for the Initial Portfolio and in 
the relevant transfer agreement for sale of each 
further portfolio of Mortgage Receivables. 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and 
the Specific Criteria. 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager may invest funds standing to the 
credit of the Eligible Investment Account in 
Eligible Investments.  
“Eligible 
Investments” 
means 
(i) 
Euro 
denominated 
Integration 
Assets, 
(ii) 
Public 
Securities, and (iii) any other instruments or 
deposits meeting the requirements set out under the 
laws and regulations applicable from time to time to 
the OBG,  
provided that such investments shall  
(I) have a minimum short-term or long-term rating 
specified in column 2 of the table below 
corresponding to the category of the OBG as at the 
same day as specified in column 1 of the table 
below;  
(II) have a remaining maturity date (where 
applicable) equal to the earlier of (i) the maturity 
reported in the applicable table and (ii) (a) either 
the Liquidation Date immediately preceding the 
OBG Payment Date of the Earliest Maturing Series 
or Tranche of OBG in case of Eligible Investments 
purchased with amounts deposited in the Principal 
Collection Account or (b) the Liquidation Date 
immediately preceding the next Guarantor Payment 
Date in case of Eligible Investments purchased with 
amounts deposited in the Accounts (other than the 
Principal Collection Account); and 
(III) comply with the requirements set out under

--- Page 50 ---
50
article 129 CRR. 
Column 1 
Column 2 
Category of 
the OBG 
Rating 
Aaa 
Maturity of 
the investment 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Equal or less 
than 30 days 
A3 
P-2 
Equal or less 
than 90 days 
A2 
P-1 
Equal or less 
than 180 days 
A1 
P-1 
Aa1 
Maturity of 
the investment 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Equal or less 
than 30 days 
Baa1 
P-2 
Equal or less 
than 90 days 
A3 
P-2 
Equal or less 
than 180 days 
A2 
P-1 
Aa2 
Maturity of 
the investment 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Equal or less 
than 30 days 
Baa2 
P-2 
Equal or less 
than 90 days 
Baa1 
P-2 
Equal or less 
than 180 days 
A2 
P-1 
Aa3 
Maturity of 
the investment 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Equal or less 
than 30 days 
Baa3 
P-3 
Equal or less 
than 90 days 
Baa2 
P-2 
Equal or less 
than 180 days 
A3 
P-1 
Aa3 
Maturity of 
the investment 
Long 
Term 
Short 
Term 
Equal or less 
than 30 days 
Baa3 
P-3 
Equal or less 
than 90 days 
Baa3 
P-3

--- Page 51 ---
51
Equal or less 
than 180 days 
A3 
P-1 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 129 of 
the CRR, “Integration Assets” shall include: 
(i) deposits with banks which qualify as Eligible 
Institutions residing in Eligible States; and 
(ii) securities issued by banks which qualify as 
Eligible Institutions residing in Eligible States 
with residual maturity not longer than one year, 
provided that such assets shall comply with the 
requirements set out under Article 129 CRR. 
The 
integration 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
through 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets shall be 
allowed within the limits set forth under Article 
129, paragraph 1a of the CRR (such limits, the 
“Limit to the Integration”). The integration of 
the Portfolio (whether through Integration Assets 
or Liquid Assets or through Assets) shall be 
allowed exclusively for the purpose of complying 
with 
the 
Mandatory 
Tests, 
the 
Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test 
and/or the Limit to the Integration or for the 
purpose of perfecting a Revolving Assignment. 
“Eligible Institutions” means any banks in relation 
to which, on any given date, its long term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations 
and 
its 
short 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
are rated at least as high as the long-term rating and 
short-term rating specified in column 2 of the table 
below corresponding to the category of the OBG as 
at the same day as specified in column 1 of the table 
below, provided however that if the OBG has been 
downgraded as a result of the downgrading of the 
relevant bank reference must be made to the 
category of the OBG as specified in column 1 of the 
table below immediately prior to such downgrade. 
Column 1 
Column 2 
Category of the OBG 
Long-term rating and 
short-term rating 
Aaa 
A3 and P-1 
Aa1 
Baa1 and P-2 
Aa2 
Baa2 and P-2

--- Page 52 ---
52
Aa3 
Baa3 and P-3 
A1 
Baa3 and P-3 
 
“Eligible 
States” 
shall 
mean 
any 
States 
belonging to the European Economic Space, 
Switzerland and any other state attracting a zero 
per cent. risk weight factor under the “standard 
approach” provided for by the Basel III rules. 
Mandatory Tests under the Law 
130 
In accordance with the provisions of the Law 130, 
for so long as the OBG remain outstanding, the 
Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) shall procure 
on a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date 
or on any other date on which the verification of the 
Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents that: 
(i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Eligible Portfolio (net of any amount standing 
to the credit of the Accounts other than the 
Principal Collection Account) from time to 
time owned by the OBG Guarantor shall be 
higher than or equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the OBG at the same time 
outstanding multiplied by 105%; 
(ii) the Adjusted Net Present Value of the Eligible 
Portfolio shall be higher than or equal to the 
Present Value of the outstanding OBG; 
(iii) the Expected Income shall be higher than or 
equal to the Expected Payments,  
the tests above are jointly referred to as the 
“Mandatory Tests”. 
it being understood that:  
(i) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, 
letter d) of the Law 130, the calculation of the 
interest generated by the assets included in the 
Eligible Portfolio and the interest due by the 
Issuer on the OBG outstanding shall be made 
on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria 
consistent with the applicable accounting 
principles; and 
(ii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, 
letter f) of the Law 130, the methodologies for 
the 
calculation 
of 
the 
numerator 
and 
denominator of the Mandatory Tests are based

--- Page 53 ---
53
on criteria consistent with each other. 
The compliance with the Mandatory Tests will be 
verified 
by 
(i) the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
subsequently checked by the Asset Monitor 
pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; and 
(ii) the internal risk management functions of 
the 
UniCredit 
Banking 
Group 
(under 
the 
supervision of the management body of the Issuer). 
For a detailed description of the Mandatary Tests 
(including a description of the defined terms used 
herein) see “Credit Structure - Mandatory Tests” 
below. 
Over-Collateralisation Test 
For so long as the OBG remain outstanding, the 
Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller), the Additional 
Sellers (if any) shall procure on a continuing basis 
and on each OC Calculation Date that the OC 
Adjusted Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to or 
higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the OBG. 
“OC Calculation Date” means on any given date, 
(a) if no Negative Report is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent (or the Additional Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be) (or a Negative Report is 
delivered and the relevant breach has been cured), 4 
(four) Business Days prior to each Guarantor 
Payment Date, or (b) if a Negative Report is 
delivered and until the relevant breach has been 
cured, 4 (four) Business Days before the end of 
each calendar month. 
“Reconciliation Date” means the last calendar day 
of each Collection Period or, for so long a breach of 
any of the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
outstanding, the last calendar day of each calendar 
month. 
For a detailed description of the Mandatary Tests 
(including a description of the defined terms used 
herein) 
see 
“Credit 
Structure 
– 
Over-
Collateralisation Test” below. 
Liquidity Buffer Test 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, Article 7-
duodecies of the Law 130 and with the BoI OBG 
Regulations, for so long as the OBG remain 
outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing 
basis and on each Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation 
Date or on any other date on which the calculation

--- Page 54 ---
54
of the Liquidity Buffer Test is required pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents that the amount of 
Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts 
is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative 
Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the 
next 180 days. In accordance with Article 7-
undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of the Law 130, the 
Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts 
shall be considered to contribute to the Eligible 
Portfolio, provided that such liquid assets satisfy the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in 
Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Law 
130. 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets identified under 
Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) and letter 
b), of the Law 130, provided that such assets satisfy 
the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set 
forth in article 129 of the CRR and qualify as 
Eligible Investments. 
“Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date” means 
the Calculation Date. 
“Net Liquidity Outflow” means all payment 
outflows falling due on one day, including principal 
and interest payments, net of all payment inflows 
falling due on the same day for claims related to the 
cover assets, calculated in accordance with Article 
7-duodecies of the Law 130 and Section III, 
paragraph 3. of the BoI OBG Regulation. 
Breach of the Mandatory Tests or 
of the Over-Collateralisation Test 
or the Liquidity Buffer Test 
A breach of the Over-Collateralisation Test or of the 
Mandatory Tests or of the Liquidity Buffer Test 
shall constitute an Issuer Event of Default to the 
extent that such breach has not been cured within 
Mandatory Test Cure Period or the OC Cure Period 
or 
the 
Liqudity 
Buffer 
Test 
Cure 
Period, 
respectively.  
In order to cure the breach of the Mandatory Tests 
and/or the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Issuer 
(also in its capacity as Seller) and the Additional 
Sellers (if any) shall sell or procure a third party to 
sell Assets or Integration Assets to the OBG 
Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement and the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement in an aggregate amount sufficient to 
ensure that the relevant Mandatory Tests and/or the

--- Page 55 ---
55
Over-Collateralisation Test are satisfied as soon as 
practicable and in any event within the Mandatory 
Test Cure Period and/or OC Cure Period (as 
applicable) and, to this extent, shall grant the funds 
necessary for payment of the purchase price of the 
assets mentioned above to the OBG Guarantor in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
(or, in the case of the Additional Seller pursuant 
to the terms of a subordinated loan granted to 
the OBG Guarantor in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement).  
In order to cure the breach of the Liquidity Buffer 
Test, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) and 
the Additional Sellers (if any) (a) shall sell Liquid 
Assets to the OBG Guarantor in accordance with 
the Master Transfer Agreement and the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement in an aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
complied with as soon as practicable and, to this 
extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment 
of the purchase price of the assets mentioned above 
to the OBG Guarantor in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (or, in the case of 
the Additional Seller pursuant to the terms of a 
subordinated 
loan 
granted 
to 
the 
OBG 
Guarantor in accordance with the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement); and/or (b) shall 
grant to the OBG Guarantor funds under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (increasing the 
“Ammontare Massimo” of the Subordinated 
Loan, if necessary, in accordance with the 
procedures set forth under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement) or, as the case may be, with 
any additional subordinated loan; and/or (c) 
repurchase Assets by exercising the call option 
provided 
for 
under 
the 
Master 
Transfer 
Agreement in accordance with, and subject to 
the terms, set out therein. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will, subject to receipt of the 
relevant information from the Calculation Agent, 
test the calculations performed by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and 
the Limit to the Integration on a monthly basis and 
more frequently under certain circumstances. The

--- Page 56 ---
56
Asset Monitor will also perform the other 
activities provided under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement” below. 
Sale of Assets following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and prior 
to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) 
the OBG Guarantor shall (if necessary in order to 
effect payments under the OBG as originally 
scheduled in the relevant Final Terms, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in consultation 
with the Portfolio Manager), direct the Servicer or 
the Substitute Servicer to sell Selected Assets in 
accordance with the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the 
Issuer (also as Seller) and any Additional Seller (if 
any) pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement or 
any other Transaction Documents. The proceeds of 
any such sale shall be credited to the Principal 
Collection Account and invested in accordance with 
the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
Administration 
Agreement” below. 
5 
Key Features of the Transaction Documents 
Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the 
Seller (a) transferred to the OBG Guarantor, 
without recourse (pro soluto) and in accordance 
with Law 130, the Initial Portfolio and (b) agreed 
the terms upon which it may assign and transfer 
Assets and/or Integration Assets satisfying the 
Criteria and/or Liquid Assets to the OBG Guarantor 
from time to time, on a revolving basis, in the cases 
and subject to the limits for the transfer of further 
Assets described above. See “Description of the 
Transaction Documents - Description of the Master 
Transfer Agreement” below. 
Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement 
On 13 January 2012, the Seller and the OBG 
Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity 
agreement (such agreement, as from time to time 
amended, 
the 
“Warranty 
and 
Indemnity 
Agreement”), pursuant to which, the Seller made

--- Page 57 ---
57
certain representations and warranties in favour of 
the OBG Guarantor. See “Description of the 
Transaction Documents - Description of the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” below. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 13 January 2012, the Seller and the OBG 
Guarantor 
entered 
into 
a 
subordinated 
loan 
agreement (such agreement, as from time to time 
amended, the “Subordinated Loan Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Subordinated Loan Provider 
granted to the OBG Guarantor a subordinated loan 
(the “Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum 
amount equal to € 40,000,000,000, save for further 
increases which may be granted unilaterally by 
the Subordinated Loan Provider. Under the 
provisions of such agreement, the Seller shall make 
advances to the OBG Guarantor in amounts equal 
to the relevant price of the Portfolios transferred 
from time to time to the OBG Guarantor, including 
the Integration Assets or Liquid Assets transferred 
in order to prevent a breach of the Mandatory 
Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test and/or the 
Liquidity Buffer Test. The interest payable on the 
Subordinated Loan shall be an amount equal to 
the algebraic sum of: 
(i) (+) the higher of (a) the amount of interest 
accrued on the Portfolio during the relevant 
Interest Period of the Subordinated Loan and 
(b) the Interest Available Funds; 
(ii) (-) (a) the sum of any amount paid under items 
from (i) to (vii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority or (b) following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
the service of a Notice to Pay, the sum of any 
amount paid under items from (i) to (viii) of 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority or (c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, the sum of any amount paid 
under items from (i) to (vi) of the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority, 
such amount is referred to as the “Subordinated 
Loan Interest Amount”. See “Description of the 
Transaction Documents - Description of the 
Subordinated Loan” below. 
OBG Guarantee 
On 19 January 2012 the OBG Guarantor issued a

--- Page 58 ---
58
guarantee securing the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the OBG (the “OBG Guarantee”), in 
accordance with the provisions of Law 130. See 
“General Description of the Programme - OBG 
Guarantee” and “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the OBG Guarantee” 
below. 
Servicing Agreement and 
Collection Policies 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, 
the Servicer has agreed to administer and service the 
Portfolio, on behalf of the OBG Guarantor. 
For a description of the collection policies and 
procedures 
please 
see 
“Description 
of 
the 
Transaction 
Documents 
-Description 
of 
the 
Servicing Agreement” and “Credit and Policies” 
below. 
Administrative Services Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Administrative 
Services Agreement, the Administrative Services 
Provider has agreed to provide the OBG Guarantor 
with a number of administrative services, including 
the keeping of the corporate books and of the 
accounting and tax registers. See “Description of 
the Transaction Documents - Description of the 
Administrative Services Agreement” below. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of an intercreditor agreement 
entered into on 19 January 2012, as amended from 
time to time, (the “Intercreditor Agreement”) 
between the OBG Guarantor, the Representative of 
the OBG Holders (in its own capacity and as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the OBG 
Holders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated 
Loan Provider, the Servicer, the Administrative 
Services Provider, the Account Bank, the Paying 
Agent, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the 
Calculation Agent and the Additional Calculation 
Agent (collectively, with the exception of the OBG 
Guarantor, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties 
thereto agreed that all the Available Funds of the 
OBG Guarantor will be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the OBG Guarantor’s payment 
obligations towards the OBG Holders as well as the 
Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the

--- Page 59 ---
59
Representative of the OBG Holders will, subject to 
a Guarantor Event of Default having occurred and a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice having been served 
on the OBG Guarantor, ensure that all the Available 
Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the 
OBG Guarantee’s payment obligations towards the 
OBG Holders as well as the Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of 
Default Priority provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the OBG Guarantor to 
each of the OBG Holders and each of the Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the 
OBG Guarantor limited to the Available Funds. The 
OBG Holders and the Secured Creditors will have a 
claim against the OBG Guarantor only to the extent 
of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and 
as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents. 
See 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Intercreditor Agreement” 
below. 
Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement  
Pursuant to the terms of a cash management and 
agency agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, 
as amended from time to time, between the OBG 
Guarantor, the Issuer, the Cash Manager, the 
Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Servicer, 
the Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation 
Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders (the “Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement”), the 
Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Servicer, the 
Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation 
Agent and the Additional Calculation Agent will 
provide 
the 
OBG 
Guarantor 
with 
certain 
calculation, notification and reporting services 
together 
with 
account 
handling 
and 
cash 
management services in relation to moneys from 
time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts.  
See “Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 60 ---
60
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of an asset monitor 
agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as 
amended from time to time, between the Issuer, the 
Asset Monitor, the OBG Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders (the “Asset 
Monitor Agreement”), the Asset Monitor will 
conduct independent tests in respect of the 
calculations 
performed 
for 
the 
Over-
Collateralisation Test or the Mandatory Tests, 
the Liquidity Buffer Test or the Limit to the 
Integration with a view to verifying the 
compliance by the OBG Guarantor with such 
tests. See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement” below. 
Portfolio Administration 
Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a portfolio administration 
agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as 
amended from time to time, between the OBG 
Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative 
of the OBG Holders, the Calculation Agent, the 
Additional Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider and the Asset 
Monitor 
(the 
“Portfolio 
Administration 
Agreement”), the Seller has, inter alia, undertaken 
to ensure on an on-going basis that the Mandatory 
Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test are complied with and has 
assumed certain obligations to sell further Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
upon the occurrence of certain events. See 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
Administration 
Agreement” below. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a quotaholders’ agreement 
entered into on 19 January 2012, as amended from 
time to time, between the OBG Guarantor, the 
Seller, SVM and the Representative of the OBG 
Holders (the “Quotaholders’ Agreement”), the 
quotaholders of the OBG Guarantor have assumed 
certain undertakings in relation to the management 
of the OBG Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to 
the Quotaholders’ Agreement, SVM granted a call 
option in favour of the Seller to purchase from SVM 
and the Seller granted a put option in favour of

--- Page 61 ---
61
SVM to sell to the Seller the quotas of the OBG 
Guarantor corporate capital held by SVM. See 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - 
Description of the Quotaholders’ Agreement” 
below. 
Dealer Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a dealer agreement entered 
into on 19 January 2012, as amended from time to 
time, between the Issuer, the Seller, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Representative of OBG Holders 
and UniCredit Bank (the “Dealer Agreement”), the 
Issuer has appointed UniCredit Bank as Initial 
Dealer. The Dealer Agreement will contain, inter 
alia, provisions for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealer(s) and for the 
appointment of additional or other dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Series. See “Description of the 
Transaction Documents - Description of the 
Dealer Agreement” below. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Dealer Agreement also contains a pro forma 
subscription agreement to be entered into in 
relation to OBG issued on a syndicated basis. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer, 
the Dealers who are parties to such subscription 
agreement (the “Relevant Dealers”) and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders will enter into 
a subscription agreement (each a “Subscription 
Agreement”), under which the Relevant Dealers 
will agree to subscribe for the relevant Series or 
Tranche of OBG, subject to the conditions set out 
therein. See “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Description of the Subscription 
Agreement” below. 
Provisions of the Transaction 
Documents 
The OBG Holders are entitled to the benefit of, 
are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, 
all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each OBG Holder, 
by reason of holding OBG, recognises the 
Representative of the OBG Holders as its 
representative and accepts to be bound by the 
terms of each of the Transaction Documents 
signed by the Representative of the OBG Holders as 
if such OBG Holder was a signatory thereto.

--- Page 62 ---
62
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect 
their ability to fulfil their obligations under the OBG issued under the Programme. All of 
these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the 
OBG Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor believe may be material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with OBG issued under the Programme 
are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor believes that the factors described below 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the OBG issued under the Programme, 
but the inability of the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any OBG may occur for other unkwnown reasons and 
neither the Issuer nor the OBG Guarantor represents that the risks of holding any OBG are 
exhaustive. In addition, prospective investors should also read the detailed information set 
out elsewhere in the Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference) and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE OBG ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer and of the Group 
Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and recent geopolitical tensions with 
Russia 
The financial markets and the macroeconomic and political environment of the countries in 
which UniCredit operates have been impacted by non recurrent phenomena e.g.: i) Russia-
Ukraine conflict and ii) the viral pneumonia known as "Coronavirus" (“COVID-19”). Both 
had and could continue to have a negative impact on the performance of the Group. As a 
matter of fact, the macroeconomic uncertainty has particularly increased due to the 
heightened geopolitical tension between Russian Federation and Ukraine. The Russia-
Ukraine crisis has caused a sharp rise in commodities prices and inflationary pressure, 
further global supply-chain disruption, a tightening of financial conditions, heightened 
uncertainty, and a sharp drop in consumer confidence. As inflation builds up due to the 
increase in energy price and the supply disruptions, ECB is changing its monetary stance 
(Deposit Facility rate: -50 bps in June 2022, 0 bps in July, 75 bps in September, 150 bps in 
October, 200 bps in December, 250 bps in February 2023, 300 bps in March, 325 bps in 
May) and market is repricing interest rate expectations. The outlook is still surrounded by 
risks further tensions on commodity prices cannot be excluded and an upsurges in the 
ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict cannot be ignored. Therefore, the expectations regarding 
the performance of the global economy remains still uncertain in both the short and medium 
term. The current environment, characterized by highly uncertain elements as above

--- Page 63 ---
63
mentioned could generate a worsening of the loan portfolio quality, followed by an increase 
of the non-performing loans and the necessity to increase the provisions to be charged to the 
income statement.  
The adequate operative answer and the prudential management ensured by the Group during 
2020 to face the crisis emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic, allowed in 2021 to reach a 
performance improvement. In fact, the Group recorded a Euro 822 million increase in 
revenues to Euro 17,954 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 from Euro 17,132 
million for the corresponding period of 2020, sustained mainly by higher commissions and 
trading profit.  
UniCredit’s Loan Loss Provisions (“LLPs”) decreased by Euro 3,362 million to Euro 1,634 
million as at 31 December 2021 from Euro 4,996 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Therefore, the cost of risk (“CoR”) in the 2021 was 37 bps, decreased compared to the past 
year (105 bps).  
UniCredit’s LLPs, excluding Russia, decreased by 36.5 per cent Y/Y to Euro 1,012 million 
in FY22. Therefore, the cost of risk, excluding Russia, decreased by 14 bps Y/Y to 23 bps in 
FY22.  
UniCredit’s LLPs in FY22 amounted to Euro 1,894 million. Therefore, the CoR in FY22 
was equal to 41 bps. 
UniCredit’s LLPs decreased by 82.5 per cent Q/Q and 92.8 per cent Y/Y to Euro 93 million 
in 1Q23. Therefore, the cost of risk decreased by 38 bps Q/Q and 105 bps Y/Y to 8 bps in 
1Q23. 
Revenues were up 4.8 per cent Y/Y to Euro 18.0 billion in FY21 with fees (+12.1 per cent 
Y/Y), trading income up +16 per cent Y/Y and dividends and other income from equity 
investments + 25.2 per cent, more than offsetting lower net interest income (“NII”) (-4 per 
cent Y/Y).  
The Group, excluding Russia, has delivered record revenue growth driven by a favourable 
interest rate environment and strong commercial momentum, this has resulted in Euro 18.1 
billion in FY22, an increase of 14.7 per cent year on year. In FY22 NII grew 16.0 per cent 
year on year to Euro 9.9 billion.  
In 1Q23 the Group has delivered revenue growth driven by a favourable interest rate 
environment combined with management of deposit beta and strong commercial 
momentum. This has resulted in Euro 5.8 billion of net revenues, an increase of 56.5% year 
on year. It reflects consistent quality growth, delivering on all key levers across all 
businesses, underpinned by net interest income of Euro 3.3 billion, Euro 2.0 billion of fees, 
Euro 2.3 billion in costs and Euro 0.1 billion loan loss provisions. Net of the TLTRO, 
Tiering and Excess liquidity fee contribution booked in 4Q22, net revenues grew 22.3% 
quarter on quarter and grew 65.4% year on year underpinned by the strength of the 
commercial franchise and progress on the industrial transformation.

--- Page 64 ---
64
In details1: FY21 NII was down 4 per cent. Y/Y to Euro 9.1 billion, as a result of lower 
loans volumes and customer rates; fees were at Euro 6.7 billion, up 12.1 per cent. FY/FY, 
mainly due to investment fees. FY21 trading income was up 16.0 per cent. FY/FY at Euro 
1.6 billion, of which Euro 1.3 billion is customer driven, increasing thanks to Valuation 
adjustments (“XVA”2) and Fair Value (“FV”) valuation. Also dividends were up, +25.2 per 
cent. FY/FY to Euro 520 million, with a higher contribution from Yapi Kredi (+Euro 18 
million FY/FY).  
In FY22 NII was at Euro 9.9 billion, a 16.0 per cent increase, benefiting from higher loan 
rates and increased commercial activity, exceeding the above Euro 9.7 billion FY22 
guidance. 
In FY22, fees stood at Euro 6.8 billion, a 0.8 per cent increase Y/Y, a resilient outcome 
thanks to the diversified fee mix. FY22 trading income stood at Euro 2.1 billion, up 37.1 per 
cent Y/Y driven by corporate demand for hedging products as well as contribution from 
disposal of bonds in Italy and Germany. 
In 1Q23, NII stood at Euro 3.3 bn, down 3.4% Q/Q and up 43.6% Y/Y. Net of Euro 415 m 
of TLTRO, Tiering and Excess liquidity fee contribution in 4Q22, NII was up 10.0% Q/Q 
thanks to the contribution from all business divisions with management of the deposit pass-
through combined with supportive rates development. In particular, the Q/Q as well as the 
Y/Y trend was driven by higher customer loan rates, together with better results in Treasury 
& Markets, particularly in the investment portfolio in Italy, Germany and Central Europe. 
Net of the TLTRO, Tiering and Excess liquidity fee contribution, NII was up 57.4% Y/Y.  
Fees stood at Euro 2.0 bn in 1Q23, up 10.7% Q/Q thanks to better investment fees in Italy 
and better financing fees in Germany and Italy; and down 2.0% Y/Y, driven by a decline in 
investment and financing related fees, partially compensated by better transactional fees. 
Fees are well diversified and balanced. 
Trading income stood at Euro 500 m in 1Q23, up 17.2% Q/Q driven by high demand on 
client risk management products in Germany and XVA dynamics and down 14.8 Y/Y, 
affected by the Treasury result in Italy and Germany, more than offsetting the positive client 
driven trading income results. 
For further information in relation to the net write-downs on loans, please see the 
consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2021, the consolidated 
financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2022 and the unaudited consolidated 
Interim Report as at 31 March 2023. 
As recently highlighted by ECB (in March 2023), also considering the positive surprise of 
the fourth quarter of 2022 for GDP growth, the outlook did not suggest stronger underlying 
growth momentum also despite the improved energy supply and prices. The adverse 
 
1 2022 data excluding Russia. 
2 Valuation adjustments (XVA) include: Debt/Credit Value Adjustment (DVA/CVA), Funding Valuation Adjustments 
(FuVA) and Hedging desk.

--- Page 65 ---
65
inflationary impact on real disposable income is expected to impede notable growth in 
household spending, despite still strong fiscal support.  
The world is still in a volatile and challenging period: economic, geopolitical, and ecological 
changes all impact the global outlook. Inflation higher than seen in several decades, 
tightening financial conditions in most regions, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and the 
potential risk of the COVID-19 pandemic all weigh heavily on the outlook. Normalization 
of monetary and fiscal policies that delivered unprecedented support during the pandemic 
(potentially affecting the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries) is cooling 
demand as policymakers aim to lower inflation back to target. The global economy’s future 
health rests critically on the successful calibration of monetary policy, the course of the war 
in Ukraine, and the possibility of further pandemic-related supply-side disruptions, for 
example, in China. 
In this context of persisting uncertainty and volatility as explained above (and impacting 
also on financial markets and interest rates), UniCredit group has defined different macro-
economic scenarios, to be used for the purposes of the evaluation processes of consolidated 
Financial Report as at 31 December 2022. In particular, in addition to the "Baseline" 
scenario, which reflects the expectations considered most likely concerning macro-economic 
trends, alternative scenarios have been outlined that assume different trends in the main 
macro-economic parameters. Such updated scenarios were considered for the valuation of 
credit exposures and deferred tax assets.  
For further information in relation to macroeconomic scenario adopted for the evaluation of 
the credit exposures and at the basis of the Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) sustainability test 
please see the consolidated Financial Report as at 31 December 2022: Notes to the 
consolidated accounts - Part A Accounting policies – A1 General – Section 2 General 
preparation criteria. 
In 1Q2023 specific analyses were performed with the aim to evaluate whether the scenarios 
used as of 31 December 2022 - for the purposes of the evaluation process of the DTAs and 
credit exposures subject to valuation uncertainties - were still valid or, conversely, which 
adjustments should have been put in place to properly reflect the updated economic 
environment. For additional information refer to Consolidated Interim Report as of 31 
March 2023 – Press release dated 3 May 2023 - Basis of Preparation. 
On 9 December 2021 UniCredit presented to the financial community its new Strategic Plan, 
which included a set of strategic and financial objectives that considered the underlying 
scenario and resulted from the assessment performed at that time. 
The macro assumptions underlying the Strategic Plan excluded unexpected materially 
adverse developments such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and worsening of the COVID-19 
pandemic, situations that UniCredit is monitoring closely3. 
 
3 From Strategic Plan presentation: Macro assumptions in the Strategic Plan consider the recent and still existing impacts of 
COVID-19 with a gradual normalization over the upcoming years. The scenario does not assume that the current COVID-
19 situation will develop in a particularly negative way in the upcoming years.

--- Page 66 ---
66
For further information on the risks associated with the Strategic Plan, see Risk Factor 
“Risks connected with the Strategic Plan 2022 – 2024”. 
Material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Group may also result from 
further developments of the monetary policies (and related impacts on financial entities and 
markets) and additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such as political 
instability, terrorism and any other similar event/correlated effects occurring in the countries 
where the Group operates and, as already experienced, a new pandemic emergency). 
Furthermore, the economic and geopolitical uncertainty has also introduced a considerable 
volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, potentially impacting on credit 
spreads/cost of funding and therefore on the values the Group can realize from sales of 
financial assets. 
Risks connected with the Strategic Plan 2022 – 2024 
On 9 December 2021, UniCredit presented to the financial community in Milan the 2022-
2024 Strategic Plan called “UniCredit Unlocked” (the “Strategic Plan” or “Plan”) which 
contains a number of strategic, capital and financial objectives (the “Strategic Objectives”). 
The Strategic Plan focuses on UniCredit’s geographic areas in which the Bank currently 
operates; with financial performance driven by three interconnected levers: cost efficiency, 
optimal capital allocation and net revenue growth. 
“UniCredit Unlocked” delivers strategic imperatives and financial ambitions based on six 
pillars. Such strategic imperatives and financial ambitions regard: (i) the growth in its 
regions and the development of its client franchise, changing its business model and how 
people operate; (ii) the delivery of economies of scale from its footprint of banks, 
transforming the technology leveraging Digital & Data and embedding sustainability in all 
that UniCredit does; (iii) driving financial performance via three interconnected levers. 
Sustainability is embedded in the Plan and UniCredit commits to deliver on ESG target and 
policies. Specifically, UniCredit: has established an ESG advisory model for Corporates and 
Individuals; is financing innovation for environmental transition; and is partnering with key 
players to enrich and improve ESG offerings across-sectors. 
New business model allows for strong organic capital generation4 with materially increased 
and growing shareholder distributions5, consisting in cash dividends and share buybacks, 
while maintaining a robust CET1 ratio. 
Although the Plan is based primarily through management actions, thanks to its 
geographical positioning UniCredit assumed the following at the time of disclosure of the 
Plan: (i) a conservative interest rate scenario based on a broadly stable Euribor 3 month rate 
over the 3 years of the MYP; (ii) the combination of its countries was expected to deliver 
GDP growth6 above the eurozone average over the course of the Plan, helped by its Central 
and Eastern European positioning; (iii) Central and Eastern Europe loan growth was 
 
4 Organic capital generation means CET1 evolution deriving from (i) stated net profit excluding DTA from tax loss carry 
forward contribution and (ii) RWA dynamic net of regulatory headwinds. 
5 Shareholder distribution subject to supervisory & shareholder approvals and inorganic options. 
6 Average of yearly changes.

--- Page 67 ---
67
expected at a multiple of GDP due to the relatively low maturity of the market; (iv) UC 
countries had theoretical access to approximately 50 per cent of the overall fund 
disbursement of the Recovery and Resilience Fund allocation. 
The macro assumptions underlying the Strategic Plan disclosed in December 2021 excluded 
unexpected materially adverse developments such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and 
worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic, situations that UniCredit is monitoring closely3. 
The Plan is based on six pillars: 
 
Optimise: improving operational and capital efficiency, with gross cost savings, 
considering also Digital & Data, and a contribution to CET1 ratio from active portfolio 
management; expect RWA to decrease over the course of the Plan as active portfolio 
management more than offsets impact of organic growth and expected regulatory 
headwinds and thanks to additional risk and business levers; 
 
Invest: cash investments in Digital & Data, new hires in Business and Digital & Data, 
targeted growth initiatives including ESG; gross integration costs impact from: 
Team23 acceleration, technology benefit and simplification & streamlining; 
 
Grow: increasing net revenues in the period 2021-2024, thanks to of all the 
optimisation UniCredit is undertaking, and underlying focus on quality growth; 
 
Return: increasing in 2024; 
 
Strengthen: maintain solidity thanks to revised CET1 ratio target, decrease in gross 
NPE ratio and stable net NPE ratio in 2024; 
 
Distribute: higher distribution consistently with organic capital generation4,5 from net 
profit and RWA evolution. 
UniCredit’s ability to meet the Strategic Objectives and all forward-looking statements relies 
on a number of assumptions, expectations, projections and provisional data concerning 
future events and is subject to a number of uncertainties and additional factors, many of 
which are outside the control of UniCredit. There are a variety of factors that may cause 
actual results and performance to be materially different from the explicit or implicit 
contents of any forward-looking statements and thus, such forward-looking statements are 
not a reliable indicator of future performances.  
The future financial results could be influenced by the dynamics of the COVID-19 and 
moreover macroeconomic uncertainty increased as a result of the heightened geopolitical 
tension between Russian Federation and Ukraine. The Russia-Ukraine crisis has caused a 
sharp rise in commodities prices and inflationary pressure, further global supply-chain 
disruption, a tightening of financial conditions, heightened uncertainty, and a sharp drop in 
consumer confidence. As inflation builds up because of the increase in energy price and the 
supply disruptions, ECB is changing its monetary stance and market is repricing interest rate 
expectations. The outlook is surrounded by risks which were not foreseeable at the date of 
the Strategic Plan presentation, and which are still uncertain. 
UniCredit after having updated the macroeconomic assumptions connected with the 
determination of LLPs in December 2021 has further updated the macroeconomic 
assumptions with reference to Russia as at 1Q22 in light of a drop in GDP higher than those

--- Page 68 ---
68
expected under the negative scenario considered in December 2021 in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards 9 (“IFRS9”). In 2Q22 the macroeconomic 
scenarios used for calculation of credit risk parameters (Probability of Default, Loss Given 
Default, Exposure at Default) were updated, according to the Group policies, for all the 
Regions in which UniCredit operates. With reference to the 3Q22 a comparison between the 
scenarios used in the evaluation process of credit exposures as at 30 June 2022 and the 
updated macro-economic scenario released in September 2022 by UniCredit Research was 
performed. Considering the limited decrease in GDP evolution between the periods, the 
IFRS9 macro-economic scenario was not updated as at 30 September 2022. In 1Q23 an 
updated base case macro scenario has been disclosed in line with revised expectations. 
For the 1Q23, reflecting UniCredit’s historically prudent approach on classification and 
provisioning, the cost of risk is 8 basis points. Cost of risk, excluding Russia, is expected in 
the 30 to 35 basis points range over the plan period.  
Furthermore, should any of the assumptions turn out to be inaccurate and/or the 
circumstances envisaged not be fulfilled, or fulfilled only in part or in a different way to that 
assumed, the ability to meet the Strategic Objectives may be negatively impacted.  
Given the inherent uncertainty surrounding any future event, both in terms of the event’s 
occurrence as well as eventual timing, the differences between the actual values and the 
Strategic Objectives could be significant. Any failure by the Group to implement the 
Strategic Plan or meet the Strategic Objectives may have a material adverse effect on 
UniCredit’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Assumptions by their 
nature are inherently subjective and the assumptions underlying the Strategic Objectives 
could turn out to be inaccurate, in whole or in part, which may mean that UniCredit is not 
able to fulfil the Strategic Plan. If this were to occur, the actual results may differ 
significantly from those set forth in the Strategic Objectives, which could have a material 
adverse effect on UniCredit's business, results of operations, financial condition or capital 
position. 
For all these reasons, investors are cautioned against making their investment decisions 
based exclusively on the forecast data included in the strategic objective. Any failure to 
implement the strategic objective or meet the strategic objective may have a material 
adverse effect on UniCredit's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Issuer evaluates that the materiality of such risk shall be high. 
Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration 
The activity, financial and capital strength and profitability of the UniCredit Group depend, 
among other things, on the creditworthiness of its customers. In carrying out its credit 
activities, the Group is exposed to the risk that an unexpected change in the creditworthiness 
of a counterparty may generate a corresponding change in the value of the associated credit 
exposure and give rise to the partial or total write-down thereof.  
The credit risk inherent in the traditional activity of providing credit is material, regardless 
of the form it takes (cash loan or endorsement loan, secured or unsecured, etc.).

--- Page 69 ---
69
With regard to "non-traditional" credit risk, the UniCredit Group negotiates derivative 
contracts and repos on a wide range of products, such as interest rates, exchange rates, share 
prices/indices, commodities (precious metals, base metals, oil and energy materials), both 
with institutional counterparties, including brokers and dealers, central counterparties, 
central governments and banks, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other 
institutional customers, and with non-institutional Group customers. These operations 
expose the UniCredit Group to the risk of counterparty, which is the risk that the 
counterparty may become insolvent before the contract matures, not being able to fulfil its 
obligations towards to the Issuer or one of the other Group companies. 
As at 31 March 2023, Group gross NPEs were down by 29.2 per cent Y/Y and up by 0.4 per 
cent Q/Q to Euro 12.6 billion in 1Q23 (while as at 31 December 2022 they were equal to 
Euro 12.5 billion) with gross NPE ratio of 2.7 per cent. (-1.1 p.p. Y/Y, flat Q/Q). 
As at 31 March 2023, Group Net NPEs stood at Euro 6.5 billion stable compared to 31 
December 2022 which attested at Euro 6.5 billion (Group Net NPE ratio stable compared to 
31 December 2022 and is equal to 1.4 per cent.). 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please 
see section headed “Information about the Issuer”, paragraph headed “The domicile and 
legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer” of this Prospectus. 
Furthermore, since 2014 the Italian market has seen an increase in the number of disposals 
of non-performing loans, characterised by sale prices that are lower than the relative book 
values, with discounts greater than those applied in other European Union countries. In this 
context, the UniCredit Group has launched a structured activity to reduce the amount of 
non-performing loans on its books, while simultaneously seeking to maximise its 
profitability and strengthen its capital structure. 
In the last years, also in accordance with the EBA Guidelines of 31 October 2018 on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures for credit institutions with a gross 
NPL ratio greater than 5 per cent., the Group has adopted a strategic plan to reduce Non-
Performing Exposures (“NPE”) and operational and governance systems to support it. 
Starting from the year 2015 the overall reduction of the Group NPE amounted to about Euro 
65 billion, moving from Euro 77.8 billion of 2015 to Euro 12.6 billion of 1Q23 (Euro 12.5 
billion of 2022). This amount includes the loans disposed of through Project Fino in July 
2017 and IFRS 5 positions if any. 
According to the Strategic Plan 2022-2024, the Group will continue to manage NPEs 
proactively to optimise value and capital. 
The current environment continues to be characterised by highly uncertain elements, with 
the possibility that the slowdown of the economy, jointly with the termination of the 
safeguard measures, such as the customer loans moratorium, generates a worsening of the

--- Page 70 ---
70
loan portfolio quality, followed by an increase of the non-performing loans and the necessity 
to increase the provisions to be charged to the income statement. 
Unicredit’s Loan Loss Provisions (“LLPs”) decreased by 82.5 per cent Q/Q and 92.8 per 
cent Y/Y to Euro 93 million in 1Q23. Therefore, the cost of risk decreased by 38 bps Q/Q 
and 105 bps Y/Y to 8 bps in 1Q23. The Group kept the amount of overlays on performing 
exposures flat Q/Q at circa 1.8 billion, which substantially reinforces the Group’s capacity to 
withstand macroeconomic shocks. 
It is worth pointing out that the measurement is affected by the already mentioned effect of 
the relief measures and, ultimately, the existence and degree of economic recovery. The 
evolution of these factors may, indeed, require in future financial years the classification of 
additional credit exposures as non-performing thus determining the recognition of additional 
loan loss provisions related to both these exposures as well as performing exposures 
following the update in credit parameters. 
The Group has adopted procedures, rules and principles aimed at monitoring and managing 
credit risk at both individual counterparty and portfolio level. However, there is the risk that, 
despite these credit risk monitoring and management activities, the Group's credit exposure 
may exceed predetermined risk’s levels pursuant to the procedures, rules and principles it 
has adopted. 
The Issuer evaluates that the materiality of both the credit risk and the risk of credit quality 
deterioration shall be medium-high. 
For further information in relation to the net write-downs on loans, please see the 
consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2022 and the unaudited 
consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2023. 
 Risks associated with the Group's exposure to sovereign debt 
Sovereign exposures are bonds issued by and loans given to central and local governments 
and governmental bodies. For the purposes of the current risk exposure, positions held 
through Asset Backed Securities (“ABS”) are not included. 
With reference to the Group's sovereign exposures, the book value of sovereign debts 
securities as at 31 March 2023 amounted to Euro 99,236 million (as at 31 December 2022 it 
amounted to Euro 99,103 million), of which over the 79 per cent was concentrated in eight 
countries, including: Italy with Euro 35,102 million (at 31 December 2022 it amounted to 
Euro 34,826 million), representing over 35 per cent of the total (over 35 per cent at 31 
December 2022) and about 4 per cent of the Group total assets (over 4 per cent at 31 
December 2022); Spain with Euro 13,906 million; Japan with Euro 8,416 million; United 
States of America with Euro 6,913 million; Germany with Euro 6,608 million; Austria with 
Euro 2,706 million; Czech Republic with Euro 2,587 million and Romania with Euro 2,554 
million. 
As at 31 March 2023, the remaining 21 per cent of the total sovereign exposures in debt 
securities, equal to Euro 20,444 million as recorded at the book value, was divided between 
33 countries, including: France (Euro 2,282 million), Bulgaria (Euro 2,176 million), Croatia 
(Euro 1,921 million), Portugal (Euro 1,611 million), Hungary (Euro 1,536 million), Israel

--- Page 71 ---
71
(Euro 1,112 million), Ireland (Euro 954 million), Serbia (Euro 934 million), Poland (Euro 
915 million), Russia (Euro 760 million) and China (Euro 690 million). 
With respect to these exposures, as at 31 March 2023, there were no indications that defaults 
have occurred and the Group is closely monitoring the evolution of the situation. 
With particular reference to the book value of the sovereign debt securities exposure to 
Russia it should be noted that Euro 757 million are held by the Russian controlled bank in 
local currency and almost totally classified in the banking book. 
Note that the aforementioned remaining of the sovereign exposures held as at 31 March 
2023 also included debt securities relating to supranational organisations, such as the 
European Union, the European Financial Stability Facility and the European Stability 
Mechanism, worth Euro 3,652 million (as at 31 December 2022 it amounted to Euro 3,241 
million). 
In addition to the Group's sovereign exposure in debt securities, there were also loans issued 
to central and local governments and government bodies, amounting to Euro 25,815 million 
as at 31 March 2023 (as at 31 December 2022 it amounted to Euro 25,321 million). 
Risks relating to deferred taxes 
Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) and liabilities are recognized in the consolidated financial 
statements according to accounting principle IAS 12. As of 31 December 2022, DTAs 
amounted in aggregate to Euro 11,848 million, of which Euro 5,793 million may be 
converted into tax credits pursuant to Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (“Law 
214/2011”). As of 31 December 2021, DTAs totally amounted to Euro 11,726 million, of 
which Euro 6,313 million available for conversion to tax credits pursuant to Law 214/2011. 
Under Law 214/2011, DTAs related to loan impairments and loan losses, or to goodwill and 
certain other intangible assets, may be converted into tax credits if the company has a full-
year loss in its non-consolidated accounts relating to convertible DTAs (to which such 
convertible DTAs relate) (“Convertible DTAs”). Under the conversion into tax credits, 
Convertible DTAs recognized in the accounts of the company with the non-consolidated 
full-year loss, and a proportion of the deferred tax credits are converted in accordance with a 
ratio between the amount of the full-year loss and the company’s shareholders’ equity. 
Law 214/2011 also provides for the conversion of Convertible DTAs if there is a tax loss on 
a non consolidated basis. In such circumstances, the conversion of the Convertible DTAs is 
recognized in the financial statements against the tax loss, limited to the loss generated from 
the deduction of the same categories of negative income components (loan impairments and 
loan losses, or related to goodwill and other intangible assets). 
As at 31 December 2022, the remaining Deferred Tax Assets (i.e., DTAs non convertible 
into tax credits) are related to costs and write offs deductible in future years, for Euro 2,931 
million (net of related deferred tax liabilities), and to tax losses carried forward (“TLCF”) 
for Euro 3,124 million. DTAs on TLCF are mainly related to UniCredit S.p.A. for Euro 
2,428 million (of which Euro 650 million booked at the end of 2022 following the 
sustainability test), to UniCredit S.p.A. for Euro 211 million tax credit IRAP deriving from 
the conversion of so called Aiuto alla Crescita Economica (ACE), to UniCredit Bank 
Austria AG for Euro 369 million (of which Euro 196 million booked during 2022 following

--- Page 72 ---
72
the confirmation by Austrian Tax Authority and related to previous business deals), to 
UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. for Euro 76 million. 
The above mentioned amounts are the ones resulting from the sustainability test provided 
for IAS12, that takes into account the economic projections foreseeable for future years and 
the peculiarities of the fiscal legislations of each country, in order to check whether there are 
future taxable incomes against which TLCF can be offset. 
At Group level total not recognized DTAs TLCF are equal to Euro 2,061 million mainly 
referred to UniCredit S.p.A. for Euro 1,490 million, to UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. for Euro 
267 million, to UniCredit Bank AG and its subsidiaries for Euro 194 million and to 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG and its subsidiaries for Euro 78 million. 
If, for whatever reason, significant changes in the current tax legislation may occur, not 
foreseeable at present, such as the rate change, or the updating of the income statement 
estimates with the latest available official projections should lead to lower taxable future 
income than those estimated in the sustainability test, and therefore not sufficient to 
guarantee the reabsorption of the DTAs in question, negative and even significant effects on 
the activities and on the economic, equity and/or financial situation of the Issuer and/or the 
Group could occur. 
2. 
Risks related to the business activities and industry of the Issuer and of the Group 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the possibility that the UniCredit Group may find itself unable to 
meet its current and future, anticipated and unforeseen cash payment and delivery 
obligations without impairing its day-to-day operations or financial position. The activity of 
the UniCredit Group is subject in particular to funding liquidity risk, market liquidity risk, 
mismatch risk and contingency risk.  
The most relevant risks that the Group may face are: 
i. 
an exceptionally high usage of the committed and uncommitted lines granted to 
corporate customers;  
ii. 
an unusual withdrawal of sight deposits by UniCredit’s retail and corporate 
customers;  
iii. 
the decline in the market value of the securities in which UniCredit invests its 
liquidity buffer; 
iv. 
the capacity to roll over the expiring wholesale funding and the potential cash or 
collateral outflows the Group may suffer in case of rating downgrades of both the 
banks or the sovereign debt in the geographies in which it operates.  
In addition to this, some risks may arise from the limitations applied to the cross-border 
lending among banks. 
Funding liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet its payment 
obligations, including financing commitments, when these become due. In light of this, the 
availability of the liquidity needed to carry out the Group’s various activities and the ability

--- Page 73 ---
73
to fund long-term loans are essential for the Group to be able to meet its anticipated and 
unforeseen cash payment and delivery obligations, so as not to impair its day-to-day 
operations or financial position.  
In order to assess the liquidity profile of the UniCredit Group, the following principal 
indicators are also used: 
 
the short-term indicator Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”), which expresses the ratio 
between the amount of available assets readily monetizable (cash and the readily 
liquidable securities held by UniCredit) and the net cash imbalance accumulated over 
a 30-day stress period; the indicator is subject to a minimum regulatory requirement of 
100 per cent.; and 
 
the 12-month structural liquidity indicator Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”), which 
corresponds to the ratio between the available amount of stable funding and the 
required amount of stable funding. 
As of December 2022, the LCR of the Group was equal to 161 per cent., whereas at 31 
December 2021 was equal to 182 per cent. (calculated as the average of the 12 latest end of 
month ratios). As of December 2022, the NSFR was above the internal limit of 102 per 
cent., as at 31 December 2021, set in the risk appetite framework. 
The Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or the 
Group companies to access the debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from 
retail customers, thus compromising the compliance with prospective regulatory 
requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital and/or 
financial position of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
As regards market liquidity, the effects of the highly liquid nature of the assets held are 
considered as a cash reserve. Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and 
creditworthiness in particular) can have significant effects on the time to sell, including for 
high-quality assets, typically represented by government securities. The “dimensional scale” 
factor plays an important role for the Group, insofar as it is plausible that significant 
liquidity deficits, and the consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, 
may change market conditions. In addition to this, the consequences of a possible decline of 
the price of the securities held and of a change in the criteria applied by the counterparties in 
repos operations could make it difficult to ensure that the securities can be easily liquidated 
under favorable economic terms. 
In addition to risks closely connected to funding risk and market liquidity risk, a risk that 
could impact the day-to-day liquidity management is the differences in the amounts or 
maturities of incoming and outgoing cash flows (mismatch risk) and the risk that 
(potentially unexpected) future requirements (i.e. use of credit lines, withdrawal of deposits, 
increase in guarantees offered as collateral) may use a greater amount of liquidity than that 
considered necessary for day-to-day activities (contingency risk). 
The slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across Europe and the measures 
the Governments have taken to face the effects of the health and economic emergency 
impacted the Group operations in the different countries of its perimeter. The business 
continuity management plans were activated in order to ensure the regular execution of

--- Page 74 ---
74
Treasury activities and the proper information flows to the senior management and the 
Supervisors. Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is safe and under constant 
control, some risks may materialize, depending on the economic recovery.  
An important mitigating factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in 
place in the Group system of rules and the measures announced by the ECB, which have 
granted a higher flexibility in the management of the current liquidity situation by 
leveraging on the available liquidity buffers. In fact, due to the financial market crisis, 
followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the sector, the ECB has 
implemented important interventions in monetary policy, such as the "Targeted Longer-
Term Refinancing Operation" (“TLTRO”) introduced in 2014 and the TLTRO II introduced 
in 2016. It is not possible to predict the extension of the duration and the amounts with 
which these liquidity support operations can be repeated in the future, with the result that it 
is not possible to exclude a reduction or even the cancellation of this support. This would 
result in the need for banks to seek alternative sources of borrowing, without ruling out the 
difficulties of obtaining such alternative funding as well as the risk that the related costs 
could be higher. Such a situation could therefore adversely affect UniCredit's business, 
operating results and the economic and financial position of UniCredit and/or the Group. 
As of 31 December 2022, following the early repayment for Euro 29 billion by December 
2022, UniCredit group still retains Euro 77.8 billion of TLTRO III, with the main tranche 
maturing in June 2023 and the additional one to be repaid in March 2024. As of 31 
December 2022 UniCredit Group had other minor refinancing operation in place other than 
TLTRO III in the subsidiaries in Eastern Europe. 
Please find below the details of the TLTRO III participations of the Group with ECB: 
TLTRO III 
Effect from 
Maturity 
Amounts 
(Euro 
– 
billion) 
24 June 2020 
28 June 2023 
65.2 
24 March 2021 
27 March 2024 
12.6 
Total 
 
77.8 
 
Risk related to the property market trends 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to risks relating to the property market as a result of its 
significant property portfolio (both in Italy and abroad), as well as due to loans granted to 
companies operating in the commercial real estate market, whose cash flow is generated 
mainly by the rental or sale of commercial properties, and loans to individuals secured by 
real estate property. A downturn in property prices, also in light of COVID-19 pandemic or 
in case the Russian-Ukrainian crisis, may cause to the UniCredit Group to have to recognize 
reduction in the value of the property owned where book value is higher than market value,

--- Page 75 ---
75
with possible material adverse effects on UniCredit’s business, capital and results of 
operations.  
In this regard, starting from 31 December 2019 financial statements, the Group has decided 
to change the evaluation criterion of the Group’s real estate portfolio, in particular for the 
properties used in business (ruled by IAS16 “Property, plant and equipment”) providing for 
the transition from the cost model to the revaluation model for the measurement subsequent 
to initial recognition while for the properties held for investment (ruled by IAS40 
“Investment property”) providing for the transition from the cost model to the fair value 
model. 
The Group has considered that the possibility of measuring real estate assets at current 
values (and no longer at cost) allows, in line with the provisions of IAS8 concerning 
changes in accounting principles, to provide reliable and more relevant information on the 
effects of business management as well as the Group's financial position and economic 
result. 
As at 31 December 2022 fair value of both properties held for investment and properties 
used in business was re-determined through external appraisals following the Group 
guidelines.  
For the year end 2022, a positive effect for Euro 109 million gross of tax effect has been 
recognised, as detailed below:  
 
for real estate assets used in business (booked in item “90. Property, plant and 
equipment”), the recognition of an increase in the specific valuation reserve for an 
amount of Euro 92 million. In addition to this increase, gains for Euro 11 million were 
recognised in the income statement gross of tax effect;  
 
for real estate assets held for investment (booked in item “90. Property, plant and 
equipment”), the recognition of an income statement result positive for Euro 6 million 
gross of tax effect. 
It is worth to mention that the valuation of properties at current values implies a possible 
risk of volatility as well as an increase of the so-called real estate risk. By reference to the 
real estate units held as at 31 December 2022 and their corresponding market value overall 
equal to Euro 5,890 million, has been estimated a sensitivity to the increase/decrease in real 
estate values of +/-1 per cent. equal to approximately Euro 59 million corresponding to 
approximately +/-2 basis point of CET1 ratio. 
Moreover, the measurement of inventories of property, plant and equipment to the lower 
between cost and net realizable value has determined the recognition of a net write-down for 
- Euro 3 million. 
Furthermore, the UniCredit Group has outstood a significant amount of loans to individuals 
secured by residential property. Should property prices, which represents most of the 
collateral securing UniCredit’s loans, fall, the value of the collateral securing such loans 
would decline.

--- Page 76 ---
76
Risks connected with the UniCredit Group's activities in different geographical areas 
The Group's business is closely connected to the Italian economy (43 per cent. of revenues 
in FY22) and could, therefore, be negatively impacted by any changes in the 
macroeconomic environment considering the recent geopolitical developments, energy and 
core inflation increase. 
The UniCredit Group operates and has a significant presence also in in Germany (which 
accounted for 24 per cent. of UniCredit’s total revenues in FY22), as well as in Central 
Europe (17 per cent. including Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovenia) and in 
Eastern Europe countries (10 per cent. including Croatia, Bulgaria, Romania, Bosnia and 
Serbia) 6 per cent. of revenues in FY22 from Russia. The risks and uncertainties to which 
UniCredit is exposed are of a different nature and magnitude depending on the country, and 
whether or not the country belongs to the European Union, which is one of the main factors 
taken into consideration when evaluating these risks and uncertainties. 
A deterioration in the macroeconomic conditions in Western Europe, an increase in the 
volatility of their capital markets, a significant increase in the cost of funding, the end of the 
current period of ready availability of liquidity in the respective markets or an increase in 
political instability could create a difficult operating environment and have a negative 
impact on UniCredit’s profitability, as well as UniCredit’s assets and operations, balance 
sheet and/or income statement. 
CE & EE countries have also historically featured volatile capital and foreign exchange 
markets, as well as a certain degree of political, economic and financial instability (which 
for certain countries might increase due to spillover effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict). 
In some cases, CE & EE countries have a less developed political, financial and legal 
system, when compared to Western European countries. In countries where there is greater 
political instability, there is the risk of political or economic events affecting the 
transferability and/or limiting the operations of one or more of the UniCredit Group 
companies, as well as the risk that local governments could implement nationalization 
policies or introduce similar restrictions or other measures, which could directly affect 
Group companies and/or which could have negative consequences on UniCredit’s assets and 
operations, balance sheet and/or income statement. 
In addition, UniCredit geographic presence implies risks related to negative effects of 
Russia-Ukraine conflict. In the extreme scenario, where the entirety of UniCredit’s 
maximum exposure is non-recoverable and zeroed, UniCredit capital position would allow 
to absorb such impact while still having a solid capital position. Whilst UniCredit does not 
consider this extreme scenario as base case, it is closely monitoring the developments in the 
country, in full cooperation with regulators, and with dedicated cross expert teams which 
defined robust and tested contingency plans, and it is taking a prudent and sustainable 
approach to distributions. UniCredit continues to dynamically manage its risk exposure, 
whilst constantly assessing the potential impact of the conflict on global GDP and public 
policies. 
Market risks 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to Market Risk. Market risk derives from the effect that 
changes in market variables (interest rates, securities prices, exchange rates, etc.) can cause

--- Page 77 ---
77
to the economic value of the Group's portfolio, including the assets held both in the Trading 
Book, as well as those posted in the Banking Book, both on the operations characteristically 
involved in commercial banking and in the choice of strategic investments.  
Specifically, the Trading book is defined as all positions in financial instruments and 
commodities held either with trading intent, or in order to hedge positions held with trading 
intent. Books held with trading intent are composed of: 
 
positions arising from client servicing and market making; 
 
positions intended to be resold in the short term; 
 
positions intended to benefit from actual or expected short-term price differences 
between buying and selling prices or from other price or interest rate variations. 
In addition, Trading book may include internal or intra-group hedging derivatives 
transferring risk from Banking book into Trading book, entitled to manage the relevant risk 
and having access to the derivatives market. 
The essential requirement for the Regulatory Trading book assignment is a clear "trading 
intent" which the trader has to commit to and has to confirm on an ongoing basis. 
Additionally, the so called "tradability", "marketability" and "hedge-ability" requirements 
have to be assessed in order to evaluate the appropriateness for the Trading book 
assignment. The financial instruments (an asset or a liability, cash or derivative) held by the 
Group are exposed to changes over time driven by moves of market risk factors. The market 
risk factors are classified in the following five standard market risk asset classes: 
 
Credit risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to credit spreads 
changes, issuer correlation and recovery rates; 
 
Equity risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to increase/decrease 
of index/stock prices, equity volatilities, implied correlation; 
 
Interest rate risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to interest rates 
changes, basis risk, interest rates volatility; 
 
Currency risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to foreign 
exchange rates changes, foreign exchange rates volatility;  
 
Commodity risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to changes of 
the commodity prices, for example gold, crude oil, commodity prices volatility. 
Market risk in UniCredit group is measured and limited mainly through two sets of metrics: 
Broad Market Risk measures and Granular Market Risk measures. 
As at 30 December 2022 RWA (Risk-Weighted Assets) for Market Risk (excluding credit 
valuation adjustments - CVA Risk) amounted to Euro 10.2 billion out of a total of Euro 
308.5 billion of Total Group RWA. Total Market Risk RWA (excluding CVA Risk) are split 
between the part calculated under the internal model (Euro 5.95 billion) and the standardised 
approach (Euro 3.89 billion) and settlement risk (Euro 0.06 billion). In addition, starting 
from December 2019 an additional capital requirement has been added, amounting to Euro 
299.77 million as of 30 December 2022.

--- Page 78 ---
78
Therefore, it is not possible to exclude, considering the trend of the market variables, 
possible negative effects on the activities and the economic, capital and/or financial situation 
of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Interest rate fluctuation and exchange rate risk  
The interest rate banking book, earnings and economic value are exposed to: changes in 
interest rates that may have a negative impact in the value and interest flows of the assets 
and liabilities held by the Group; changes in the behavioural models; changes in the basis of 
Interest rate curves tenors and changes of the Interest rate volatilities.  
The Market Risk impact on the Group is low, in coherence with the mission of the Group 
and it is tracked by an ad hoc Key Performance Indicator (“KPI”) on the Ratio between 
Market Risk-Weighted Assets (“RWA”) and Overall RWA. 
The UniCredit Group implements also a hedging policy of risks related to the fluctuation of 
interest rates. Such hedges are based on estimates of behavioural models and interest rate 
scenarios which could have an impact on the activity, operating results and capital and 
financial position of the Group. 
For further information, please see the consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 
31 December 2022, Part E – Information on risks and hedging policies, incorporated by 
reference herein. 
Operational risk 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to operational risk. Operational risk also includes legal risk 
and compliance risk, but not strategic risk and reputational risk. The main sources of 
operational risk statistically include the instability of operating processes, poor IT security, 
excessive concentration of the number of suppliers, changes in strategy, fraud, errors, 
recruitment, staff training and loyalty and, lastly, social and environmental impacts. It is not 
possible to identify one consistent predominant source of operating risk.  
The complexity and geographical distribution of the UniCredit Group's activities requires a 
capacity to carry out a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, in compliance 
with the various different regulations applicable. 
The UniCredit Group has a framework for managing operational risks, comprising a 
collection of policies and procedures for controlling, measuring and mitigating Group 
operational risks. These measures could prove to be inadequate to deal with all the types of 
risk that could occur and one or more of these risks could occur in the future as a result of 
unforeseen events, entirely or partly out of UniCredit’s control (including, for example, non-
compliance of suppliers with their contractual obligations, fraud, deception or losses 
resulting from the disloyalty of employees and/or from the violation of control procedures, 
IT virus attacks or the malfunction of electronic and/or communication services, possible 
terrorist attacks). The realization of one or more of these risks could have material adverse 
effects on UniCredit’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, in the context of its operation, the UniCredit Group outsources the execution of 
certain services to third companies, regarding, inter alia, banking and financial activities, 
and supervises outsourced activities according to policies and regulations adopted by the

--- Page 79 ---
79
Group. The failure by the outsourcers to comply with the minimum level of service as 
determined in the relevant agreements might cause adverse effects for the operation of the 
Group.  
The UniCredit Group has always invested a lot of efforts and resources in upgrading its IT 
systems and improving its defence and monitoring systems. Based also on the Strategic Plan 
2022-2024, digitalisation is at the heart of Bank’s strategy and its ultimate ambition is to be 
a truly digital bank. Operational risk remains a significant focus for the Group, with 
reinforced controls of business and governance process across all legal entities and with a 
permanent optimisation of work process. However, possible risks remain with regards to the 
reliability of the system, the quality, integrity and confidentiality of the data managed, 
increasing of digital exposure and the continuously evolving threats landscape to which IT 
systems are subject, as well as physiological risks related to the management of software 
changes (change management), which could have negative effects on the operations of the 
UniCredit Group, as well as on the capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the 
Group. 
Some of the more serious risks relating to the management of IT systems that the UniCredit 
Group has to deal with are possible violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to 
its corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of malwares into computers or 
infrastructures, or any other form of abuse committed via digital channels. Similar attempts 
have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten 
the protection of information relating to the Group and its customers, and can have negative 
effects on the integrity of the Group's IT systems, as well as on the confidence of its 
customers and on the actual reputation of the Group, with possible negative effects on the 
capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
UniCredit Group is subject to the regulations governing the protection, collection and 
processing of personal data in the jurisdictions in which it operates. While the Group 
maintains internal procedures that are compliant with applicable regulation, it remains 
exposed to the risk that the data could be damaged or lost, or removed, disclosed or 
processed (data breach) for purposes other than those authorized by the customer, including 
by unauthorized parties (such as third parties or Group employees) or with insufficient 
lawful basis (e.g. Standard Contractual Clauses to be signed in case of transfer of personal 
data outside EEA). Examples of data processed for purposes other than those for which they 
were collected or by unauthorised parties may be: the viewing of data by employees outside 
their work duties or for clients of other branches/portfolios of other managers; the employee 
of a supplier, appointed as Data Processor, processing the data with procedures/methods or 
for purposes other than those stated in the Data Processing Agreement. 
With reference to the insufficient lawful basis, the European Court of Justice, in its July 
2020 decision7, confirmed the validity of Standard Contract Clauses as an instrument of 
transfer/lawful basis, but added the responsibility, on the "exporter" of the personal data, to 
assess whether the country of destination of the data offers a level of protection of the rights 
 
7 Judgment in Case C 311/18, Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems, that invalidated 
the adequacy decision of personal data protection provided by the “EU-US Data Protection Shield”.

--- Page 80 ---
80
and freedoms of the data subject equivalent to the one guaranteed in Europe, by Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679. Moreover, the European Data Protection Board has stated, in documents 
released after the decision, that even simple access to the data (i.e., by an employee of the 
third company engaged for IT platform maintenance activities) may constitute a transfer of 
personal data. Thus, the potential risk is that personal data may be processed by third 
parties, appointed as Data Processor, from countries outside the European Economic Area 
without the presence of Standard Contract Clauses and/or without an adequate assessment 
by the data controller of the privacy rules in the destination country. 
Over the past few years, has been subject to cyber-attacks which led, even though only in a 
few limited cases, to the theft of personal data. In this regard, taking into account the type of 
risks detected, UniCredit, in addition to strengthening the protection measures already in 
place, carried out a wide and in-depth assessment of the effects that may derive also for 
financial statements purposes. 
In this regard it should be noted that on 5 February 2020, the Italian Personal Data 
Protection Authority notified UniCredit S.p.A. of the start of sanctioning proceedings 
regarding a violation of customers' personal data following a Cyber-attack (data breach) 
occurred in October 2018, communicated through its Group website on 22 October 2018. It 
is currently not possible to define the timeline and outcome of the proceedings. 
In addition, the investment made by the UniCredit Group in software development further 
increases the risk that when one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the 
Group may suffer financial losses if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will 
incur repair costs for the violated IT systems, as well as being exposed to regulatory 
sanctions. 
Starting from 2018, the UniCredit Group has subscribed a Cyber Insurance Policy with 
European Insurance Companies with adequate rating and with reasonably high limits, to 
cover damages, in compliance with the current local legislation, caused by Data Breach and 
other cyber-attacks on the IT systems, except for compensation for sanctions where national 
law does not allow it. 
Risks connected with legal proceedings 
 Risks connected with legal proceedings in progress 
As at the date of this Prospectus, UniCredit S.p.A. and other UniCredit Group companies are 
named as defendants in several legal proceedings. In many of these cases, there is 
substantial uncertainty regarding the outcomes of the proceedings and the amount of 
possible losses. These cases include criminal proceedings, administrative proceedings 
brought by supervisory or prosecution authorities and/or claims in which the claimed 
damages and/or potential liabilities of the Group is not and cannot be determined, either 
because of how the claims is presented and/or because of the nature of the legal proceeding. 
In such cases, until the time when it will be possible to estimate reliably the potential 
outcome, no provisions are made. Instead, where it is possible to estimate reliably the 
amount of possible losses and loss is considered likely, provisions have been made in the 
financial statements to the extent the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., or any of the Group

--- Page 81 ---
81
companies involved, deemed appropriate based on the circumstances and in accordance with 
IAS.  
To provide for possible liabilities and costs that may result from pending legal proceedings 
(excluding labour law and tax cases), as of 31 December 2022, the UniCredit Group set 
aside a provision for risks and charges of Euro 620.97 million, of which Euro 296.2 million 
for the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of 
claimed damages relating to judicial proceedings other than labour, tax and debt collections 
proceedings was Euro 7.5 billion, of which approximately Euro 5.2 billion for the 
proceedings involving the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. This figure is affected by both 
the heterogeneous nature of the pending proceedings and the number of involved 
jurisdictions and their corresponding characteristics in which UniCredit Group companies 
are named as defendants. 
It is also necessary for the Group to comply in the most appropriate way with the various 
legal and regulatory requirements in relation to the different aspects of the activity such as 
the rules on the subject of conflict of interest, ethical questions, anti-money laundering, EU, 
US and international sanctions, customers' assets, rules governing competition, privacy and 
security of information and other regulations. 
For further information in relation to the single legal and arbitration proceedings please see 
Section headed “Legal and Arbitration proceedings” in the “Description of the Issuer” of 
this Prospectus. 
Risks arising from tax disputes 
At the date of this Prospectus, there are various tax-related proceedings pending regarding 
UniCredit and other companies belonging to the UniCredit Group, as well as tax inspections 
by the competent authorities in the various countries in which the Group operates. In 
consideration of the uncertainty that defines the tax proceedings in which the Group is 
involved, there is the risk that an unfavourable outcome and/or the emergence of new 
proceedings could lead to an increase in risks of a tax nature for UniCredit and/or for the 
Group, with the consequent need to make further provisions and/or outlays, with possible 
negative effects on the operating results and capital and/or financial position of UniCredit 
and/or the Group. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total amount of provisions for tax risks related to legal 
proceedings, inspections, and tax credits amounted to Euro 182.45 million, of which Euro 
2.92 million for legal expenses. As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of provisions 
amounted to Euro 178.77 million, of which Euro 2.56 million for legal expenses. 
As far as the tax inspections and tax disputes are concerned, in relation to 31 December 
2022, reference is made to Section headed “Legal and Arbitration proceedings” of this 
Prospectus. 
Finally, it should be pointed out that in the event of a failure to comply with or a presumed 
breach of the tax law in force in the various countries, the UniCredit Group could see its tax-
related risks increase, potentially resulting in an increase in tax disputes and possible 
reputational damage.

--- Page 82 ---
82
For further information in relation to the tax proceedings please see Section headed “Legal 
and Arbitration proceedings” in the “Description of the Issuer” of this Prospectus. 
3. 
Risks connected with the legal and regulatory framework 
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking 
requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) and the Regulation 
2013/575/EU (the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV Directive, the “CRD IV 
Package”) subsequently updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and Directive (EU) No. 
2019/878 (the “Banking Reform Package” with CRR II and CRD V). In addition to the 
capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD introduces requirements for banks to 
maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the 
“Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities”, or “MREL”). The 
Issuer has to meet MREL requirements on a consolidated basis, as well as the total loss 
absorbing capacity requirement for globally systemically important institutions (“TLAC”), 
as established by the CRRII. The MREL and TLAC requirements involve similar risks. 
They constrain the structure of liabilities and require the use of subordinated debt, which 
have an impact on cost and potentially on the Issuer’s financing capacity.  
Following the communication received by the Single Resolution Board (SRB) and the Bank 
of Italy in May 2022, the Issuer shall comply, on a consolidated basis, with an intermediate 
MREL equal to the 20.73 per cent. of Risk Weighted Assets (“RWA”) - plus the applicable 
Combined Buffer Requirement (“CBR”) - and 5.90 per cent. of leverage ratio exposures 
(“LRE”). Similarly, the Issuer has to comply with a subordinated MREL, i.e. to be met with 
subordinated instruments, equal to 11.79 per cent. RWA – plus the applicable CBR – and 
5.68 per cent. LRE. From 1 January 2024, the consolidated MREL will become "fully 
loaded" and will be equal to 21.83 per cent. of RWA – plus the applicable CBR – and 5.908 
per cent. of LRE. The corresponding “fully loaded” MREL subordinated component will be 
equal to 15.53 per cent. of RWA plus applicable CBR and 5.778 per cent. of LRE. Moreover, 
the Issuer shall comply with a TLAC requirement, that from 1 January 2022, is equal to the 
maximum between 18 per cent. of RWA – plus the applicable CBR – and 6.75 per cent. of 
LRE. For more information on the capital adequacy legislation applicable to the Issuer, 
please see Section headed “Information about the Issuer”, paragraph headed “The domicile 
and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer” of this Prospectus. 
Article 513 of the CRR requires the European Commission to complete a review of the 
macroprudential provisions in the CRR and CRD by June 2022 and every five years 
thereafter, and, if appropriate, to submit a legislative proposal to the European Parliament 
and to the Council by December 2022 and every five years thereafter. At the time of this 
 
8 LRE requirement defined and communicated by SRB in line with "SRB approach to CRR discretion on leverage and 
MREL calibration" published on 22 December 2021 and 7 March 2022.

--- Page 83 ---
83
Prospectus, no specific change of the regulatory reclassification of capital instruments is 
currently deemed reasonably foreseeable. 
In December 2017 the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) concluded the 
review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market 
risk, the latter in January 2019) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, 
including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output 
floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal 
models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of 
the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability 
among banks. 
In October 2021, the European Commission published the Banking Package, by way of a 
regulation (CRR3), implementing the final Basel standards into the EU legislation with new 
rules for the calculation of risk weighted assets for credit, operational, Credit Valuation 
Adjustment (CVA) and market risks as well as the introduction of the Output floor. Going 
beyond Basel by way of a Directive (CRD6), the Commission also made some proposals on 
Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) Risks, Fit & Proper and Third-Country 
Branches. While the legislative iter is on-going, once agreed on the final text among the 
various stakeholders involved in the process (European Commission, European Parliament 
and EU Council) and once implemented in the Union, these regulatory changes will impact 
the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the capital 
calculation and increase capital requirements. 
Capital Adequacy requirements  
The ECB is required under the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 (the SSM 
Regulation establishing the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”)) to carry out a 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) at least on an annual basis. The key 
purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as 
capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they 
are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the 
institution may pose to the financial system. 
In December 2022, UniCredit has been informed by the ECB of its final decision 
concerning capital requirements following the results of its annual SREP (SREP 2022). With 
its decision the Single Supervisor has increased, compared to the SREP decision of the 
previous year, the Pillar 2 capital requirement by 25 basis points to 200 basis points. The 
Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) shall be held in the form of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital and 
75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. UniCredit is allowed to partially use Additional 
Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments in order to comply with the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) instead 
of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital, in line with the latest revision of the Capital 
Requirements Directive (CRD V). The ECB has also communicated to UniCredit a 
Leverage ratio Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R-LR) equal to zero. As a consequence, UniCredit is

--- Page 84 ---
84
required to meet the following overall capital requirements (OCR) and overall leverage ratio 
requirement (OLRR) on a consolidated basis as of March 20239: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio: 9.47 per cent.; 
 
Tier 1 ratio: 11.35 per cent.;  
 
Total Capital ratio: 13.85 per cent; and 
 
Transitional Leverage ratio: 3.5 per cent. 
As of 31 March 2023, the consolidated CET1 Capital, Tier 1 and Total Capital Transitional 
ratios were equal to, respectively, 16.36 per cent, 18.40 per cent and 21.37 per cent. 
Therefore, CET1 Transitional ratio was exceeding the relevant requirement by 689 bps (so 
called MDA buffer). 
From 30 June 2020 the Group has adopted the so-called transitional phase-in regarding the 
application of the IFRS9 accounting principle. As of 31 March 2023, the CET1 ratio Fully 
Loaded, i.e. calculated without considering the benefit arising from IFRS 9 Transitional 
arrangements, was equal to 16.05 per cent. exceeding by 658 bps CET1 ratio requirements. 
As of 31 March 2023, the Transitional Leverage ratio was 5.56 per cent. Therefore, 
Transitional Leverage ratio was exceeding the relevant requirement by 206 bps. 
In the first months of 2022 UniCredit participated to the ECB stress test on “Climate Risk” 
launched on 27 January. Such test represented a learning exercise for banks and supervisors 
alike, aiming to identify vulnerabilities, best practices and challenges that the banks face 
when managing climate-related risk. Importantly, this exercise had no direct implications for 
banks’ capital levels and the outcome was considered in the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process from a qualitative point of view only. Aggregate results (no individual 
results) were published by the ECB in July 2022. 
UniCredit is also taking part to the 2023 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European 
Banking Authority (“EBA”), in cooperation with the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
(“SSM”), the European Central Bank (“ECB”) and the European Systemic Risk Board 
(“ESRB”). The 2023 EU-wide stress test does not contain a pass/fail threshold as it is 
instead designed to be used as an important source of information for the purposes of the 
SREP. The results will assist Competent Authorities in assessing UniCredit's ability to meet 
applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios. The adverse stress test scenario 
was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon (2023-2025). The stress test 
has been carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2022 and 
therefore does not consider future business strategies and management actions. The EBA 
 
9 The reported OCR is based  on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer as of March 2023. As of December 2022 previous to the 
increase of the Pillar 2 requirements the OCR is: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 9.12per cent; Tier 1 ratio: 10.95 per cent.; 
and Total Capital ratio: 13.38 per cent. The Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB) depends on the credit exposures of 
UniCredit to countries where countercyclical capital ratios have been or will be set and on the respective requirements set 
by the relevant national authorities and therefore may vary on a quarterly basis over the reporting period. The reported 
OLRR includes the 3% minimum equal for all the banks and the 0.5% additional buffer for global systemically important 
bank specific to UniCredit.

--- Page 85 ---
85
plans to publish the results for the individual banks, including UniCredit, by the end of July 
2023.  
Furthermore, during the fourth quarter of 2022, EBA performed the annual EU-wide 
transparency exercise to provide updated information as of September 2021, December 
2021, March 2022 and June 2022 on banks' exposures and asset quality to financial 
operators; EBA published the results in December 2022. 
UniCredit, on 9 December 2021, presenting its 2022-2024 Strategic Plan “UniCredit 
Unlocked”, announced the aim to ensure a materially increased and growing remuneration 
in favour of the Shareholders over the course of the Plan, also by means of programmes for 
the purchase of ordinary shares of UniCredit. 
Furthermore, on 31 January 2023, in connection with the Board of Directors communication 
of the consolidated Group results for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022, the 
Company announced the aim of remunerating the Shareholders for the financial year 2022 
with an overall distribution up 40 per cent. versus the previous financial year, while 
preserving capital strength.  
In this respect, the Board of Directors has called on March 31, 2023 an ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting to resolve, among others, an authorisation to distribute a cash 
dividend and purchase shares as part of the activities envisaged in the 2022-2024 strategic 
plan (“UniCredit Unlocked”).  
In particular, for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022, it is expected a distribution 
of approximately Euro 5,250 million, composed of:  
1. 
a cash dividend equal to a total consideration of Euro 1,906,562,000.00 from the 
allocation of profit for the year 2022, corresponding to approximately 35 per cent. 
of the “Net Group Profit”10,; and 
2. 
purchases of UniCredit shares (so called share buy-back programme) 
corresponding to a total expenditure up to Euro 3,343,438,000.00. The shares thus 
purchased will be subsequently subject to cancellation.  
The share buy-back programme referred has been authorized by the ECB, it will be made in 
compliance with the purposes set out in the laws and regulations in force and applicable 
from time to time and with any indications given by the relevant Supervisory Authorities, 
and executed assessing a prudent and sustainable approach to distributions. 
The share buy-back programme has been communicated to the market on 3 April 2023 and 
the execution of the "First Tranche of the Buy-Back Programme 2022", for a maximum 
amount of Euro 2,343,438,000.00 and for a number of UniCredit shares not exceeding 
230,000,000, as per the authorisation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting held on 31 
March 2023, has comenced. As of 28 April 2023, UniCredit purchased no. 50,778,225 
shares, equal to 2.62% of the share capital, for a total consideration of 941,185,445.18 Euro. 
 
10  Excluding Russia segment contribution.

--- Page 86 ---
86
Having regard to the assessments made in relation to the probability of the occurrence of 
such risk and the extent of any negative impact, the Issuer evaluates that the materiality of 
such risk shall be medium-high. 
Evolution of banking prudential regulation 
The Group and the Issuer operate in a stringent and detailed regulatory context and are 
subject to the supervision by the competent supervisory authorities (i.e. European Central 
Bank, Bank of Italy, CONSOB). Either the regulatory framework and the supervision 
activity are subject to ongoing changes in the law and ongoing developments respectively. 
Moreover, being a listed issuer, the Issuer shall comply with all the further provisions 
enacted by CONSOB. Together with all these laws and regulations, the Issuer shall also 
comply with, by way of example but not limited to, anti-money laundering, usury and 
consumer protections legislations.  
Notwithstanding the Issuer undertakes to comply with all the applicable statutory provisions, 
the risk of non-compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements could lead to 
additional legal risk and financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, 
litigations, or reputational damage, and in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations 
or even withdrawal of authorization to pursue business. 
The banking and financial regulatory framework to which the Group is subject is extremely 
stringent and detailed. The Issuer is also subject to the supervision by the competent 
supervisory authorities, including European Central Bank, Bank of Italy and CONSOB.  
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any 
changes relating to the interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent 
authorities could negatively impact the operating results and capital and financial position of 
UniCredit. 
For more information on legislation applicable to the Issuer, please see section headed 
“Information about the Issuer”, paragraph headed “The domicile and legal form of the 
Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of the Issuer” of this Prospectus. 
Risks connected with ordinary and extraordinary contributions to funds established under 
the scope of the banking crisis rules 
The Issuer and the Group shall comply with the contribution obligations required by the 
bank resolution legislation. Should the amount of ordinary contributions requested to Group 
companies increase, the Group’s profitability would decrease and the level of capital 
resources of the Issuer and the Group would be negatively affected; should extraordinary 
contributions be requested to the Group, this could have a negative impact, even significant, 
on financial position and economic results of the Group. 
Following the crisis that affected many financial institutions from 2008, various risk-
reducing measures have been introduced, both at European level and at individual Member 
State level. Their implementation involves significant outlays by individual financial 
institutions in support of the banking system.

--- Page 87 ---
87
The ordinary contribution obligations contribute to reducing profitability and have a 
negative impact on the Group's capital resources. It is not possible to rule out that the level 
of ordinary contributions required from the Group banks will increase in the future in 
relation to the development of the amount related to protected deposits and/or the risk 
relating to Group banks compared with the total number of banks committed to paying said 
contributions.  
In addition, it is not possible to rule out that, even in future, as a result of events that cannot 
be controlled or predetermined, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (“DGS”), the Single 
Resolution Fund (“SRF”), the National Resolution Fund (“NRF”) and/or the Fondo 
Interbancario di tutela dei depositi (“FITD”), do not find themselves in a situation of having 
to ask for more, new extraordinary contributions. This would involve the need to record 
further extraordinary expenses with impacts, including significant ones, on the capital and 
financial position of UniCredit. 
For further information in relation to the above-mentioned ordinary and extraordinary 
contributions, please see the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements at 31 
December 2022, incorporated by reference herein. 
Risks connected with the entry into force of new accounting principles and changes to 
applicable accounting principles 
The UniCredit Group is exposed, like other companies operating in the banking sector, to 
the effects of the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or 
standards and regulations and/or changes to them (including those resulting from IFRS as 
endorsed and adopted into European law).  
In particular, in the future, the UniCredit Group may need to revise the accounting and 
regulatory treatment of some existing assets and liabilities and transactions (and related 
income and expense), with possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the 
estimates made in financial plans for future years and this could lead to restatements of 
financial data previously published. 
In 2022 the following standards, amendments or interpretations came into force: 
 
Amendments to IFRS3 Business Combinations; IAS16 Property, Plant and Equipment; 
IAS37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets; and Annual 
Improvements 2018-2020” (EU Regulation 2021/1080); 
whose adoption has not determined substantial effects on the amounts recognised in balance 
sheet or income statement. 
As at 31 December 2022, the following documents have been endorsed by the European 
Commission: 
 
Amendments to IAS1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice 
Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting policies (EU Regulation 2022/357) applicable 
to reporting starting from 1 January 2023;

--- Page 88 ---
88
 
Amendments to IAS8 Accounting policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and 
Errors: Definition of Accounting Estimates (EU Regulation 2022/357) applicable to 
reporting starting from 1 January 2023;  
 
Amendments to IAS12 Income Taxes: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities 
arising from a Single Transaction (EU Regulation 2022/1392) applicable to reporting 
starting from 1 January 2023;  
 
Amendments to IFRS17 Insurance contracts: Initial Application of IFRS17 and IFRS9 
- Comparative Information (EU Regulation 2022/1491) applicable to reporting starting 
from 1 January 2023. 
The Group does not expect any significant impact due to the entry into force of the 
amendments to the accounting standards reported above. 
As at 31 December 2022 the IASB issued the following accounting standards whose 
application is subject to completion of the endorsement process by the competent bodies of 
the European Commission, which is still ongoing: 
 
Amendments to IAS1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of 
Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Classification of Liabilities as Current or 
Non-current - Deferral of Effective Date (January 2020 and July 2020 respectively) 
and Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (issued on 31 October 2022); 
 
Amendments to IFRS16 Leases: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (issued on 22 
September 2022). 
As a result, following the adoption of the new accounting principles, comparisons of 
UniCredit’s financial results prior to such adoption may be difficult. Prospective 
investors are therefore cautioned against placing undue reliance on such comparisons. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE OBG GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE OBG ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
1. 
Risks related to the OBG Guarantor 
OBG Guarantor is only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts when the same are due 
for Payment 
The OBG Guarantor has no obligation to pay any Guaranteed Amounts payable under the 
OBG Guarantee until service by the Representative of the OBG Holders on the Issuer and 
the OBG Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served by the Representative of the OBG Holders if an Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred. A Guarantor Acceleration Notice can only be served if a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay under the terms of the OBG Guarantee (provided that 
(a) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and (b) no Guarantor Acceleration Notice has 
been served), the OBG Guarantor will be obliged to pay any Guaranteed Amounts as and 
when the same are due for payment. Such payments will be subject to, and will be made in

--- Page 89 ---
89
accordance with, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority. In these circumstances, other 
than the Guaranteed Amounts the OBG Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount, 
for example in respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest 
or interest on interest which may accrue on or in respect of the OBG. 
Extendable obligations under the OBG Guarantee 
If the Extended Maturity Date is applicable to a Series (or Tranche) and if the OBG 
Guarantor is obliged under the OBG Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amounts and has 
insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay such amount on 
the relevant Maturity Date, then the obligation of the OBG Guarantor to pay such 
Guaranteed Amounts shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date. However, to the extent the OBG Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to pay in 
part the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of OBG, the OBG 
Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) on the relevant Maturity 
Date and any subsequent Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid Guaranteed 
Amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, except 
where the OBG Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by 
the OBG Guarantor to pay the relevant Guaranteed Amount on the Maturity Date or any 
subsequent OBG Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant 
later date in case of an applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of 
Default. However, failure by the OBG Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amount or the 
balance thereof, as the case may be, by the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any 
other amount due under the OBG Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
No gross-up for taxes by the OBG Guarantor  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed 
by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the OBG 
Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges for the account of the OBG Holders, as the case may be, and shall 
not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the OBG Holders. 
Limited resources available to the OBG Guarantor 
The obligation of the OBG Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the OBG Guarantee will 
be limited recourse to the Available Funds  
The OBG Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the OBG Guarantee will depend 
on the realisable value of the Portfolio and of the Eligible Investments (if any), the amount 
of principal and revenue proceeds generated by the Portfolio and Eligible Investments (if 
any) and the timing thereof and the Account Bank or in accordance with the Transaction

--- Page 90 ---
90
Documents. The OBG Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet 
its obligations under the OBG Guarantee. 
The proceeds of the Portfolio, the Eligible Investments (if any), the Account Bank (as 
defined below) or in accordance with the Transaction Documents may not be sufficient to 
meet the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the OBG Holders. If the Secured 
Creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the 
Transaction Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for 
the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that 
shortfall. 
OBG Holders should note that the Amortisation Test - which applies after the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default - has been structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Eligible Portfolio, together with any Eligible Investments (if any), the 
Account Bank or in accordance with the Transaction Documents, shall be higher than or 
equal to the nominal amount of the outstanding OBG, which should reduce the risk of there 
ever being a shortfall. In addition the Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations provide for 
certain mandatory tests aimed at ensuring, inter alia, that (a) the net present value of the 
Portfolio (net of certain costs) shall be higher than or equal to the net present value of the 
OBG; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the Portfolio (net of 
certain costs) shall be higher than the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the OBG 
(see “Credit Structure” below for more details on the Mandatory Tests, the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Amortisation Test). 
However there is no assurance that there will not be any shortfall in the amounts available to 
the OBG Guarantor to meet its obligations under the OBG Guarantee.  
Reliance of the OBG Guarantor on third parties 
The OBG Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have 
agreed to perform services for the OBG Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the 
Servicer has been appointed to service the Portfolio and the Asset Monitor has been 
appointed to monitor compliance with the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Amortisation 
Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Limit to the Integration. In the 
event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement 
to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Portfolio or any part thereof may be 
affected, or, pending such realisation (if the Portfolio or any part thereof cannot be sold), the 
ability of the OBG Guarantor to make payments under the OBG Guarantee may be affected. 
For instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Portfolio, this may lead 
to higher incidences of non-payment. 
The ability of the OBG Guarantor to make payments in respect of the OBG, where 
applicable, will depend upon the due performance by the parties to the Transaction 
Documents of their respective various obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which they are each a party. In particular, without limitation, the punctual payment of 
amounts due on the OBG will depend on the ability of the Servicer to service the Portfolio. 
The performance of such parties of their respective obligations under the relevant 
Transaction Documents is dependent on the solvency of each relevant party. In each case,

--- Page 91 ---
91
the performance by the OBG Guarantor of its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
is also dependent on the solvency of, inter alios, the Servicer. 
If a Servicer Termination Event (as defined below) occurs the OBG Guarantor, upon 
indication by the Issuer and subject to the approval in writing of the Representative of the 
OBG Holders, shall appoint another entity which shall be an eligible entity as successor 
servicer (the “Successor Servicer”) which shall perform the servicing activities required to 
be performed by the Servicer, in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement 
and of the Servicing Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the obligors under the Portfolio will 
be instructed to pay all the amounts due in respect of the Portfolio directly on a bank 
account opened with an Eligible Institution in the name of the OBG Guarantor. The 
Representative of the OBG Holders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a servicer 
or to monitor the performance by any servicer of its obligations. 
2. 
Risks related to the underlying 
Limited description of the Portfolio 
OBG Holders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Assets in 
the Portfolio, because it is expected that the constitution of the Portfolio will frequently 
change due to, for instance: 
 
UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) or the Additional Seller (if any) selling further 
Assets (or Assets, which are of a type that have not previously been comprised in 
the Portfolio to the OBG Guarantor);  
 
UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) or the Additional Seller (if any) repurchasing 
certain Assets in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement (as defined 
below); and 
 
UniCredit (as Seller and Servicer) or the Additional Seller (if any) being granted by 
the OBG Guarantor with a wide power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of 
the Assets or further Assets. 
However, each Mortgage Receivables or further Mortgage Receivables will be required to 
meet the Criteria and to conform with the representations and warranties set out in the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement — see “Description of the Transaction Documents — 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” below. In addition, the Mandatory Tests, the Over-
Collateralisation Test and the Liquidity Buffer Test are intended to ensure that the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio is higher than or equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG for so long as OBG remain outstanding and the 
Calculation Agent will provide on each relevant OC Calculation Date a basis reports that 
will set out certain information in relation to the Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation 
Test and the Liquidity Buffer Test. 
In addition to the above, according to the Master Transfer Agreement, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, (i) UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) (or 
the Additional Seller (if any) as the case may be) and the OBG Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the Representative of the OBG Holders or the OBG Holders approval,

--- Page 92 ---
92
amend the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria (ii) UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) (or 
the Additional Sellers (if any) as the case may be) and the OBG Guarantor may, without the 
prior consent of the Representative of the OBG Holders or the OBG Holders, amend certain 
representations and warranties granted in relation to newly assigned Mortgage Receivables 
if such amendment are necessary as a consequence of a change in the lending policies of the 
Seller (or the Additional Seller (if any) as the case may be), (iii) the Seller and the OBG 
Guarantor may, without the prior consent of the Representative of the OBG Holders or the 
OBG Holders’ approval, amend the Specific Criteria and the representation and warranties 
in relation to the sale of further assets originated by entities belonging to the UniCredit 
Banking Group other than the Seller (and included within the Capitalia Group banks) and 
(iv) the Seller and the OBG Guarantor may, without the prior consent of the Representative 
of the OBG Holders or the OBG Holders approval, amend the Master Transfer Agreement 
and the other relevant Transaction Documents in case of a change in law or new 
interpretations, amendments or further guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy or any 
competent regulator, provided that any such above amendment will be subject to notification 
to the Rating Agency and the Representative of the OBG Holders and, if provided for under 
the relevant agreement, confirmation by the same Rating Agency that the relevant 
amendment does not impact the rating assigned to the OBG. 
In accordance with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, any Additional Seller may sell 
to the OBG Guarantor, and the latter shall purchase, Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets without the prior consent of the Representative of the OBG Holders or the OBG 
Holders and, inter alia, subject to (i) the written approval by UniCredit (as Issuer and Seller) 
in relation to such sale, (ii) with respect to the purchase of Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets, prior notification to the Rating Agency that Additional Sellers will sell 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, (iii) the execution of a master transfer 
agreement by the Additional Seller, substantially in the form of the Master Transfer 
Agreement (as amended to take into account the characteristics of the Assets, the Integration 
Assets or the Liquid Assets sold by it) or in such other form as may be agreed amongst the 
Additional Seller and the OBG Guarantor and (iv) the granting of a subordinated loan by the 
Additional Seller for the purpose of financing the purchase of Assets, Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets from it in accordance with the provision of a subordinated loan agreement to 
be executed substantially in the form of the Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined 
below). 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the OBG Guarantor, then the OBG Guarantor shall (if 
necessary in order to effect timely payments under the OBG, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in consultation with the Portfolio Manager) sell Selected Assets (selected 
on a Random Basis) in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement in order to make payments to the OBG Guarantor’s creditors 
including making payments under the OBG Guarantee, see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents — Portfolio Administration Agreement” below. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times 
required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be 
obtained for such Selected Assets, which may affect payments under the OBG Guarantee.

--- Page 93 ---
93
However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the OBG Guarantor for less than an 
amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series or Tranche of 
OBG until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such OBG or (if the same is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in respect of 
such OBG. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date, the OBG Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Assets for the best price reasonably 
available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Redemption 
Amount. 
Realisation of assets following the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice 
If a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the OBG Guarantor, then the OBG 
Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Assets as quickly as reasonably practicable taking 
into account the market conditions at that time (see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents — Portfolio Administration Agreement” below). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Portfolio will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the OBG Holders) under the OBG 
and the Transaction Documents. If a Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the OBG 
Guarantor, then the OBG may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Portfolio or the ability of the OBG 
Guarantor to make payments under the OBG Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and on the OBG Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets comprised in the 
Portfolio may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the OBG Guarantor to make 
payments under the OBG Guarantee) by: 
(i) 
default by borrowers on the amounts due in respect of Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets; 
(ii) 
changes to the lending criteria of UniCredit (or the Additional Seller (if any) as the 
case may be); 
(iii) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Receivables in the Portfolio; 
(iv) 
limited recourse to the OBG Guarantor; 
(v) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, Consob and other regulatory 
authorities;  
(vi) 
adverse fluctuation of interest rates; 
(vii) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Receivables 
being unenforceable; 
(viii) 
timing for the relevant sale of Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets; and 
(ix) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that 
the Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Amortisation Test and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of

--- Page 94 ---
94
Mortgage Receivables in the Portfolio and moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts 
(including any amount invested in Eligible Investments (if any) and without duplication to 
the above) to enable the OBG Guarantor to repay the OBG following an Issuer Event of 
Default, service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the OBG Guarantor and accordingly 
it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for 
sufficient values to enable the OBG Guarantor to meet its obligations under the OBG 
Guarantee. 
Value of the Portfolio 
The OBG Guarantee granted by the OBG Guarantor in respect of the OBG will be backed 
by the Portfolio and the recourse against the OBG Guarantor will be limited to such assets. 
Since the economic value of the Portfolio may increase or decrease, the value of the OBG 
Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property 
values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a Real 
Estate will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related 
Mortgage Receivable or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy 
experiences an overall decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Receivable 
could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result in losses to the holders of the 
OBG if such security is required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the OBG Guarantor if Selected Assets 
and their related security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor, but prior to 
service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the OBG Guarantor shall, if necessary in order 
to effect timely payments under the OBG, sell the Selected Assets and their related security 
interests included in the Portfolio, subject to a right of pre-emption of the Seller and of any 
Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement and of the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected Assets and their 
related security interests to third parties, however, the OBG Guarantor will not provide any 
warranties or indemnities in respect of such Selected Assets and related security interests 
and there is no assurance that the Seller and any Additional Seller (if any) would give or 
repeat any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected Assets and related 
security interests or if it has not consented to the transfer of such warranties or 
representations. Any representations or warranties previously given by the Seller in respect 
of the Mortgage Receivables in the Portfolio may not have value for a third party purchaser 
if the Seller or the relevant Additional Seller (if any) is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is 
a risk that the realisable value of the Selected Assets and related security interests could be 
adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties which in turn could 
adversely affect the ability of the OBG Guarantor to meet its obligations under the OBG 
Guarantee. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Assets 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Assets or the Integration Assets 
for a variety of reasons. The Assets and Integration Assets are affected by credit, liquidity 
and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes

--- Page 95 ---
95
in the national or international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in 
tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an 
increase in default by the borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the 
ability of borrowers to repay the Assets or Integration Assets. Loss of earnings, illness, 
divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and bankruptcies of 
borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay 
the Mortgage Receivables. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as 
security for a Mortgage Receivable at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding 
under that Mortgage Receivable will depend upon a number of factors, including the 
availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in 
general at the time. The recovery of amounts due in relation to a Mortgage Receivable 
classified as a Defaulted Receivables will be subject to the effectiveness of enforcement 
proceedings in respect of the Portfolio which in Italy can take a considerable time depending 
on the type of action required and where such action is taken and on several other factors, 
including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement of the 
Mortgage Receivables and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining 
title deeds from land registries which are in process of computerising their records can take 
up to two or three years; further time is required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction 
decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant Debtor raises a defence to or counterclaim in 
the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers 
commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced sale 
of any Real Estate.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Receivables originated by the Seller will have been originated in 
accordance with its lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage 
Receivables sold to the OBG Guarantor by the Seller but originated by a person other than 
the Seller (an “Originator”) will have been originated in accordance with the lending 
criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller’s or the 
relevant Originator’s, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider term of 
loan, indemnity guarantee policies, status of applicants and credit history. In the event of the 
sale or transfer of any Mortgage Receivables to the OBG Guarantor, the Seller will warrant 
that (a) such Mortgage Receivables as were originated by it were originated in accordance 
with the Seller’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage 
Receivables as were originated by an Originator, were originated in accordance with the 
relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. The Seller retains 
the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the Master 
Transfer Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any time. 
However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the 
Mortgage Receivables, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the 
realisable value of the Portfolio and the ability of the OBG Guarantor to make payments 
under the OBG Guarantee.

--- Page 96 ---
96
Legal risks relating to the Assets and/or the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid 
Assets 
The ability of the OBG Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the 
Assets and/or the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets is subject to a number of legal 
risks. These include the risks set out below. 
Mortgage Loans performance 
There can be no guarantee that the relevant Debtors will not default under the mortgage 
loans and that they will therefore continue to perform. The recovery of amounts due in 
relation to non-performing loans will be subkect to the effectriveness of enforcement 
proceedings in respect of the mortgage loans, which in the Republic of Italy can take a 
considerable time, depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken 
and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved 
in the enforcement of the mortgage loans and the relevant mortgages may take longer than 
the national average; obtaining title deeds from land registries which are in the process of 
computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further time is required if it is 
necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant Debtor 
raises a defence or contrerclaim to the proceedings. According to statistics published by the 
Ministry of Justice in 2013 with regard to data as at 2011, the recovery period for loans in 
respect of which recovery is by foreclosure proceedings oin trhe related mortgaged real 
estate usually lasts three years and six months, although such period may vary significantly 
depending upon, inter alia, the type and location of the related mortgaged real estate and the 
other factors described above. 
Recently, new legal provisions have been introduced in order to speed up legal proceedings. 
In particular, Law Decree No. 59 of 2 May 2016, as converted into Law No. 119 of 30 June 
2016, implemented new provisions in the Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 and the 
Italian Civil Procedure Code aimed at: 
(i) 
Amending the provisions of Insolvency Law, by introducing the possibility of using 
electronic technologies for hearings and for meetings of creditors. Furthermore, 
failure to comply with the time limits established for the proceeding in Article 110, 
first paragraph, of the Insolvency Law, is envisaged as a just cause for removing the 
receiver; and 
(ii) 
Making certain changes to Italian Civil Procedure Code, including: 
 
the inadmissibility of opposing the forced sale once the sale or allocation of the 
attached asset has been decreed; 
 
the provisional enforcement of the court order if the statement of opposition is 
not based on documentary proof; 
 
simplification of procedures for releasing the attached property; 
 
the possibility of the attached asset being allocated to a third party yet to be 
nominated;

--- Page 97 ---
97
 
the obligation to proceed with sales on the basis of electronic modalities, and 
the right for the judge to order, after three auctions without bidders, lowering 
the basic price by up to a half; 
 
the possibility, for the judge and the professionals entrusted with selling, to 
proceed with partial distributions of the sums obtained from forced sales. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraphs 2, 3 
and 4, of the Banking Law (as defined below). According to the prevailing interpretation of 
such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the 
later of (i) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of 
the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of 
registration of the notice of assignment in the competent companies’ register. Consequently, 
the rights of the OBG Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against 
the Seller or, as applicable the relevant Originator, including rights of set-off on claims 
arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the competent 
companies’ register. Some of the Assets in the Portfolio may have increased risks of set-off, 
because the Seller or, as applicable, the relevant Originator is required to make payments to 
the relevant borrowers (including, without limitation, where the relevant borrower is an 
employee of the Seller or the relevant Originator). In addition, the exercise of set-off rights 
by borrowers may adversely affect the proceeds which may be realised from the sale of the 
Portfolio and, ultimately, the ability of the OBG Guarantor to make payments under the 
OBG Guarantee. 
Furthemore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia 
Decree”) introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a 
consequence of such amendments, it is now expressely provided by Law 130 that the 
Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the OBG Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-
vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
Usury Law has been subject to different interpretation over the time 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended, (the “Usury Law”) introduced 
legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the 
“Usury Rates”) set every three months on the basis of a decree issued by the Italian 
Treasury (the last such Decree having been issued on 25 March 2023). In addition, even 
where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or 
remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent 
(taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate 
usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in 
financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or 
remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates.  
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued law decree No. 394 (the “Decree 
394”), converted into law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the

--- Page 98 ---
98
uncertainty about the interpretation of the Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest 
will be deemed to be usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeded the 
Usury Rates at the time when the loan agreement or any other credit facility was entered 
into or the interest rate was agreed. The Decree 394, as interpreted by the Italian 
Constitutional Court by decision No. 29 of 14 February 2002, also provided that as an 
extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in 1998 and 1999, interest 
rates due on instalments payable after 31 December 2000 on fixed rate loans (other than 
subsidised loans) already entered into on the date such decree came into force (such date 
being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted, except where the parties have agreed to 
more favourable terms, with a lower interest rate set in accordance with parameters fixed by 
such decree by reference to the average gross yield of multiannual treasury bonds (Buoni 
Tesoro Poliennali) in the period from January 1986 to October 2000. 
Overturning the previous case-law on the matter, by decision No. 24675/2017 the United 
Chambers of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) has clarified that, for the 
purposes of Usury Law, the remuneration of any given financing must be below the 
applicable Usury Rate only at the time the terms of the financing were agreed. As a result, 
Usury Law would not be considered to be breached in case such a remuneration, originally 
lower than the applicable Usury Rate, exceeded a subsequently applicable Usury Rate at any 
point in time thereafter. 
Furthermore, according to applicable case-law, also default interest rates are relevant and 
must be taken into account when verifying the compliance with the Usury Law. However, 
court precedents clarified that the applicable default interest rate and the items representing 
the remuneration of the relevant financing must not be added together for the purposes of 
such verification. As a result, the default interest rate, on the one hand, and the items 
representing the remuneration of the relevant financing (cumulatively considered), on the 
other hand, must each be separately and independently compared with the applicable Usury 
Rate. 
On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an official document that default 
interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the Usury Rates and has 
acknowledged the discrepancy between the use of methods which add default interest rates 
in the remuneration of a financing for usury verification purposes, and the applicable Usury 
Rates against which such remuneration should be compared.  
More recently, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), Joint Chambers (Sezioni 
Unite) (decision No. 19597 dated 18 September 2020), confirmed that, in order to assess 
whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also default interest rates shall be taken into 
account. In this respect, should the sole default interest be higher than the applicable Usury 
Rate, that ‘type’ of rate only shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire 
amount referable to that rate shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the 
interpretation given in the abovementioned decision of the Supreme Court.  
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Mortgage Receivables, the amount payable by 
the Issuer to the OBG Holders may be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. The 
occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and recoveries of the Issuer 
with a negative impact of its ability to pay interest and repay principal under the OBG. In

--- Page 99 ---
99
any case, the Guarantor is entitled to be indemnified by the Issuer pursuant to the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement for any loss suffered in connection with a breach of the Usury 
Law in relation to the loans. 
Rules on compounding of interest (anatocismo) have been subject to different 
interpretation over the time 
Pursuant to Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary 
claim or receivable may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (i) 
under an agreement subsequent to such accrual or (ii) from the date when any legal 
proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of 
the Italian Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are 
recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the 
Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a three-monthly basis on 
the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice (uso 
normativo). However, a number of judgments from Italian courts (including judgments from 
the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No. 
21095/2004, No. 4094/2005, No. 10127/2005, No. 24418/2010, No. 24156/2017 and No. 
15148/2018) have held that such practices are not a uso normativo and that the contractual 
clauses providing for the capitalisation of accrued interest on a three-monthly basis, if 
agreed before April 2000, shall be considered null and void. Consequently, if customers of 
the Originator or of the Seller were to challenge this practice and such interpretation of the 
Italian Civil Code were to be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy, there could 
be a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans. UCI has, however, 
represented in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement that the Mortgage Loans comply with 
Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 
of 4 August 1999 (“Law No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation 
granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of 
accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force 
(19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no 
longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio (“CICR”) issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been 
challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has 
declared as unconstitutional the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the 
capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 
came into force. 
Recently, Article 17-bis of law decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016, as converted into law 
No. 59 of 8 April 2016, amended Article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, providing 
that interest shall not accrue on capitalised interest. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the 
Banking Law also requires the CICR to establish the methods and criteria for the 
compounding of interest. Decree No. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing 
paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Banking Law, has been published in the Official Gazette 
No. 212 of 10 September 2016. As a result of such amendments, it is confirmed that, in the 
context of banking transactions, the debit interest (with the exception of default interest) can 
never bear further interest.

--- Page 100 ---
100
Given the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation 
may not be predicted as at the date of this Prospectus and may have a potential negative 
impact on the Portfolio. Indeed, if Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that 
such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be upheld before other courts in the 
Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage Receivable may 
be prejudiced. The occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and 
recoveries of the Guarantor with a negative impact of its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the OBG Guarantee.  
Mortgage Credit Directive 
In Italy, the Government has approved the Legislative Decree No. 72 of 21 April 2016 (the 
“Mortgage Legislative Decree”), implementing Directive 2014/17/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers 
relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) setting 
out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers 
secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. The 
Mortgage Legislative Decree introduced, inter alia, Article 120 quinquiesdecies of the 
Italian Banking Act. 
The Mortgage Legislative Decree applies to: (i) residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans 
relating to the purchase or preservation of the property right on a real estate asset. 
The Mortgage Legislative Decree sets forth a regulatory framework of protection for 
consumers, including certain rules of correctness, diligence, information undertakings and 
transparency applicable to lenders and intermediaries which offer and disburse loans to 
consumers. 
Furthermore, under the Mortgage Legislative Decree, the parties to a loan agreement may 
agree, at the time the relevant loan agreement is entered into, that should the borrower fail to 
repay an amount at least equal to eighteen loan instalments, the transfer of the title to the 
lender either over the mortgaged real estate asset or the proceeds deriving from the sale of 
such real estate asset extinguishes in full the repayment obligation of the borrower under the 
relevant loan agreement even if the value of the relevant real estate asset or the amount of 
proceeds deriving from the sale of such real estate asset is lower than the remaining amount 
due by the borrower under the loan agreement. 
On the other hand, if the value of the real estate asset or the proceeds deriving from the sale 
of the real estate asset are higher than the remaining amount due by the borrower under the 
loan agreement, the excess amount shall be paid or returned to the borrower. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance - Chairman of CICR 
(Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the 
“Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Law, with the 
view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and 
providing an adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 
September 2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended version of its regulations on

--- Page 101 ---
101
transparency of banking and financial operations (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi 
bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti). 
On January 2018 the Ministry of Economy and Finance has submitted to public consultation 
the draft of the interministerial decree implementing the Mortgage Legislative Decree. The 
final version of the interministerial decree has not yet been published. Therefore, as at the 
date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to fully predict its impact. 
Risks related to mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage 
debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: 
 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring 
a penalty or, in respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 
2007, at a reduced penalty rate (article 120-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by 
Legislative Decree no. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree no. 
218 of 14 December 2010); 
 
right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan 
and/or the right to request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their 
creditors in accordance with article 1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of the 
Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs previously borne by the borrowers for 
the exercise of such right (article 120-quater of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by 
Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 
218 of 14 December 2010); 
 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up 
to a maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (Law 
No. 244 of 24 December 2007, as subsequently implemented by the ministerial decree 
No. 132 of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance (Ministero dell’economia e delle 
finanze)); 
 
the right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for 
a 12-month period, where requested by the relevant debtor during the period from 1 
June 2015 to 31 December 2017 (Convention between the Associazione Bancaria 
Italiana - ABI and the consumers’ associations stipulated on 31 March 2015) (the “2015 
Credit Agreement”). On 27 November 2017, ABI and the consumers’ associations, in 
order to provide continuity to the abovementioned measures, have agreed to extend the 
agreement until 31 July 2018. On 15 November 2018 the Associazione Bancaria 
Italiana - ABI and the associations representing companies signed a new credit 
agreement (Accordo per il Credito 2019) providing for the introduction of some 
adjustments to the measures addressed to “Enterprises in Recovery", relating to the 
suspension and extension of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, provided for 
in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the “2019 Italian Credit Agreement”). Additional 
measures connected with the Covid-19 outbreak were introduced on 6 March 2020 
through an addendum to the 2019 Italian Credit Agreement in order to extend the 
provisions contained therein to facilities outstanding as of 31 January 2020 granted in

--- Page 102 ---
102
favour of otherwise sound companies negatively impacted by a temporary 
interruption/reduction of activity as a consequence of Covid-19; 
 
the right to renegotiate, subject to certain conditions and up to 31 December 2012, the 
floating rate or the final maturity of the Residential Mortgage Loans executed prior to 
(and excluding) 14 May 2011 for the purpose of purchasing, building or for the 
maintenance of the debtors' principal residence (Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011, as 
converted into Law No. 106 of 12 July 2011); 
 
automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to 31 
December 2016, to residents, both individuals and businesses, in 62 municipalities 
affected by the heartquake and listed in the relevant decree (Law Decree No. 189 of 17 
October 2016); 
 
extension of suspension of instalment payments in accordance with Law Decree No. 
189 of 17 October 2016 to further municipalities, up to 31 December 2016 (Council of 
Ministers Order of 15 November 2016, published in the Official Gazette of the Republic 
of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) no. 283 of 3 December 2016); 
 
automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to 31 
December 2017, to residents, both individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities 
affected by the heartquake and listed in the relevant decree (Law Decree No. 244 of 30 
December 2016 (the “Decreto Milleproroghe”). In relation to individuals the Decreto 
Milleproroghe provides first home-owners with the right to suspend instalment 
payments under mortgage loans up to 30 December 2017 in case of damages which do 
not permit access thereto. In relation to businesses, the Decreto Milleproroghe provides 
with the automatic suspension of instalment payments under mortgage loans up to 30 
December 2017 only to certain municipalities listed therein. 
In addition to the above, following the Covid-19 outbreak in Italy, further measures have 
been adopted in 2020 by the Italian Government and by the Associazione Bancaria Italiana 
- ABI, aimed at sustaining income of employees, the self-employed, self-employed 
professionals, micro and small/medium entreprises, including suspension of instalments 
payment. The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be 
subject to suspension of payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain 
negative impacts, which may not be predicted as at the date of this Prospectus, including 
negative cash shortfalls which could affect the ability of the issuer to pay timely interest on 
the OBG and/or increase in the activities necessary for the servicing of the Portfolio. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 
July 2008 (“Law 126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation 
of floating rate mortgage loans granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or 
refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Ministry of Economy 
and Finance) and the ABI entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the 
renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”).

--- Page 103 ---
103
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over 
(accollati), also further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 
29 May 2008. Pursuant to the Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any 
of such mortgage loan agreements will be recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate 
(equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied under the relevant mortgage 
loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original final 
maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered 
into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for 
the calculation of the first instalment due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been 
entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The difference between the amount to 
be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that the borrower 
would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited 
to a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the 
rate equal to 10 (ten) IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate 
applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed 
amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank account. After the 
original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account 
will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from 
the renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of 
(a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the 
relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original final maturity date 
of the mortgage loan. 
The Seller has adhered to the Convention sending to its clients a renegotiation proposal in 
accordance with the Convention. Borrowers eligible for the renegotiation who have received 
the renegotiation proposal can accept the proposal by way of a written notification to be sent 
not later than 28 November 2008 (the “Final Adhesion Term”). 
The renegotiation becomes effective on the third month following the date when such 
proposal has been accepted by the relevant client, with reference to the instalments which 
fall due after 1 January 2009.  
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed “Mortgage 
borrower protection” above may have an adverse effect on the Portfolio and, in particular, 
on any cash flow projections concerning the Portfolio as well as on the over-collateralisation 
required in order to maintain the then current ratings of the OBG. However, as this 
legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to 
predict its impact. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET 
RISKS 
ASSOCIATED 
WITH 
THE 
OBG 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME 
1. 
The OBG may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the OBG must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 104 ---
104
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
OBG, the merits and risks of investing in the OBG and the information contained or 
referred to in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the OBG and the impact 
the OBG will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the OBG, especially if the potential investor’s currency is not the euro; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the OBG and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some OBG are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in OBG which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the OBG will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the OBG and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Investors may 
lose some or all of their investment in the OBG. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of OBG 
OBG issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series or have 
different terms to an existing Series (in which case they will constitute a new Series). All 
OBG issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will 
share equally in the security granted by the OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee. If an 
Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in acceleration, 
all OBG of all Series or Tranche will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of OBG may be issued under the Programme. A number of these OBG may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common of such features. 
OBG subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of OBG is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem OBG, the market value of those OBG generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem OBG when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the OBG. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the OBG 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential

--- Page 105 ---
105
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Zero Coupon OBG 
The Issuer may issue OBG which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount 
from their nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such OBG are 
characterised by the circumstance that the relevant OBG holders, instead of benefitting from 
periodical interest payments, shall be granted an interest income consisting in the difference 
between the redemption price and the issue price, which difference shall reflect the market 
interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon OBG is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero coupon OBG are 
more volatile than prices of fixed rate OBG and are likely to respond to a greater degree to 
market interest rate changes than interest bearing OBG with a similar maturity. Generally, 
the longer the remaining terms of such OBG, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate OBG with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
OBG with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination 
of those features or other similar related features), their market values may be even more 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Fixed/Floating Rate OBG 
Fixed/Floating Rate OBG may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability 
to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the OBG 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate OBG may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate OBG tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other OBG. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its OBG. 
OBG issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer remaining term 
of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
OBG issued, if any, as "Green OBG", "Social OBG" or "Sustainability OBG" may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social 
assets or sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue OBG under the 
Programme described as Green OBG, Social OBG and Sustainability OBG (each as 
defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Prospectus) in accordance with the

--- Page 106 ---
106
principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”), the Social Bond Principles (“SBP”) 
and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)).  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at 
"Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable 
Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for 
the purpose of any investment in the OBG together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of 
their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Sole 
Arranger or the Dealer that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green 
project or social project or sustainable project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law, 
regulations or standards (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) or 
any standards resulting from the proposal for an European green bond standard 
(“EUGBS”) adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, 
respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to 
further developments by way of implementation by the European Commission through 
delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Delegated Acts”). A first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change 
adaptation and mitigation objectives was approved in principle on 21 April 2021 and 
formally adopted on 4 June 2021. A second delegated act for the remaining objectives 
will be published. On 6 July 2021, a delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the Commission, then published in the Official 
Journal on 10 December 2021 and it is applicable since January 2022. This delegated 
act specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed 
by 
financial 
and 
non-financial 
undertakings concerning the 
proportion 
of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or 
lending activities. On March 2022, the European Commission adopted a 
complementary climate delegated act including, under strict conditions, specific nuclear 
and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and it is applicable 
since January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line 
with EU climate and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from 
solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-neutral future.

--- Page 107 ---
107
Even if a definition or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or 
“sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other 
equivalent label, should develop or be established, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any green or social or sustainable project, as the case may be, towards 
which proceeds of the OBG are to be applied will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable" (or other equivalently labelled) 
performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Delegated Acts) or that any adverse social, 
green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
green or social or sustainable project. Moreover, in light of the continuing development 
of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social 
impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may 
not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA’s Green Bond 
Principles and/or the ICMA’s Social Bonds Principles and/or the ICMA’s Sustainable 
Bonds Guidelines and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes may have a 
negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green OBG, Social OBG 
or Sustainability OBG issued prior to their implementation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green OBG, Social 
OBG and Sustainability OBG, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the 
relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been 
defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and 
sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party 
opinion regarding the suitability of the OBG as an investment in connection with 
certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, 
a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the OBG or the projects financed or 
refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of 
Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG. A Second-party Opinion would not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green OBG or Social 
OBG or Sustainability OBG and would only be current as of the date it is released. In 
addition, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any Second-party Opinion, which may or may not be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability 
OBG and in particular with any eligible projects to fulfil any environmental, social, 
sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such Second-party Opinion is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green OBG, 
Social OBG or Sustainability OBG and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, 
or any such Second-party Opinion attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or

--- Page 108 ---
108
in part with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is reporting, assessing, 
opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability 
OBG no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green OBG, 
Social OBG or Sustainability OBG and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
In the event that any Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG are listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Sole Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of 
Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, social 
or sustainable projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of 
the OBG or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green OBG, 
Social OBG or Sustainability OBG will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, social or sustainable projects 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that the originally designated green 
project or social project or sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any 
subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified 
as such. Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting 
obligations or to obtain any assessment, opinion or certification, including the Second-
party Opinion in relation to Green OBG, Social OBG or Sustainability OBG), any 
actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) 
towards which proceeds of the OBG may have been applied and the relevant OBG or if 
any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with 
respect to any OBG, (i) give rise to any claim of a OBG Holder against the Issuer; (ii) 
constitute an Issuer Event of Default under the relevant OBG; (iii) lead to an obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem such OBG or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any OBG. For 
the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest and the operation of any 
other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green OBG, Social OBG or

--- Page 109 ---
109
Sustainability OBG shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor 
have any preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets 
towards which proceeds of the OBG are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the OBG for any green, 
social or sustainable projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the OBG and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
3. 
Risks related to OBG generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the OBG generally.  
Certain decisions of OBG Holders taken at Programme level 
Any Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the OBG Holders to serve a 
Notice to Pay or a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, and any direction to the Representative of 
the OBG Holders to take any enforcement action must be passed at a single meeting of the 
holders of all OBG of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation 
of OBG Holders attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot be decided upon at a 
meeting of OBG Holders of a single Series or Tranche. A Programme Resolution will be 
binding on all OBG Holders including OBG Holders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and OBG Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may agree to modifications to the Transaction 
Documents without the OBG Holders’ or other Secured Creditors’ (as defined below) prior 
consent. 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the 
OBG Holders or any of the other Secured Creditors, concur with the Issuer and/or the OBG 
Guarantor and any relevant parties in making any modification as follows: 
(i) to the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the opinion of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders may be expedient to make provided that the 
Representative of the OBG Holders is of the opinion that such modification will be 
proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the OBG 
Holders of any Series or Tranche;  
(ii) to the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders is 
to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders or for the purpose of clarification; and  
(iii) to the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is necessary to comply 
with mandatory provisions of law and regulation or a change of the BoI OBG 
Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
The Transaction Documents provide that under certain circumstances (e.g. changes in the 
portfolio composition, changes in laws or in general interpretation of laws, amendments to 
the eligibility criteria, etc.) certain provisions of the Transaction Documents may be 
amended without the prior approval of the Representative of the OBG Holders and/or of the

--- Page 110 ---
110
OBG Holders. For further details please refer to “Limited description of the Portfolio” in 
this section and the “Description of the Transaction Documents”. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI OBG Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (also in 
its capacity as Seller) (see “Selected aspects of Italian law - Controls over the transaction” 
below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the OBG 
Guarantor under the OBG is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer (also in its capacity as 
Seller) believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with 
the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such 
compliance ensures that the aforesaid payment obligations are actually performed and that 
any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuers’ or the OBG Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the 
OBG. 
Limit to the Integration 
Under the BoI OBG Regulations, the Integration (as defined below), whether through 
Assets, through Integration Assets or through Liquid Assets shall be carried out in 
accordance with the modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI OBG 
Regulations (see “Selected aspects of Italian law - Tests set out in the Law 130 and BoI 
OBG Regulations”). 
More specifically, under the BoI OBG Regulations, the integration is allowed exclusively 
for the purpose of (a) complying with the Mandatory Tests (as defined below); (b) 
complying with the Over-Collateralisation Test; (c) complying with the Liquidity Buffer 
Test; or (d) complying with the the limits set forth under Article 129 of the CRR. 
Investors should note that the Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set 
out in the BoI OBG Regulations and specified above. 
Tax consequences of holding the OBG 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the OBG and 
consult their tax advisers about their own tax situation. 
Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
The terms and conditions of the OBG apply to the different types of OBG which may be 
issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series or 
Tranche of OBG can be reviewed by reading the Conditions as set out in full in this 
Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all OBG to be offered under the Programme, 
together with the applicable Final Terms which applies and/or disapplies and/or completes 
the generally applicable Conditions of the OBG in the manner required to reflect the 
particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of OBG (or Tranche 
thereof).  
Liability to make payments when due on the OBG 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the OBG. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the OBG are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking 
pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct,

--- Page 111 ---
111
unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of the OBG will not benefit from any security or other 
preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The OBG Guarantor has no obligation to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the OBG Guarantee until the service on the OBG 
Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Failure by the OBG Guarantor to pay amounts due under the 
OBG Guarantee in respect of any Series or Tranche would constitute a Guarantor Event of 
Default which would entitle the Representative of the OBG Holders to serve a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice and accelerate the obligations of the OBG Guarantor under the OBG 
Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the OBG Holders to enforce the OBG 
Guarantee. 
The OBG will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Dealers, the 
Representative of the OBG Holders or any other party to the Transaction Documents, their 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the 
Issuer and, upon service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG Guarantor. The Issuer and the OBG 
Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of 
the OBG and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of OBG 
linked to or referecing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including, without 
limitation, EURIBOR), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any OBG 
linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. BMR applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU 
(which, for these purposes, include the United Kingdom). It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The BMR could have a material impact on any OBG linked to or referencing a rate or index 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
“benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in

--- Page 112 ---
112
the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any OBG linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the 
European Union approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign 
exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain benchmarks in 
cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the 
Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the 
Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might 
significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. In 
particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract 
and any financial instrument as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of 
a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the 
Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed 
before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union adopted the 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 
and entered into force on the following day. 
Investors should be aware that, if an IBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the OBG (each an “Original Reference Rate”) were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate OBG which reference such Original 
Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such OBG, as indicated in the Terms and Conditions. Such provisions could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate OBG 
referring the relevant Original Reference Rate. 
The Terms and Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that 
a published Original Reference Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference 
Rate may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Reference Rate 
determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Reference Rate determined by an Independent 
Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment Spread. 
The application of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an 
Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant OBG performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is 
determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be 
used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular OBG Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding OBG Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate OBG based on the rate which was last used for the relevant

--- Page 113 ---
113
OBG or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the 
Issuer determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the OBG or to any other 
Transaction Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with 
any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document 
issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Representative of the OBG Holders, as 
provided by Condition 6(k) (Reference Rate Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the OBG. 
4. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
Secondary Market 
OBG may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their OBG easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for OBG 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of OBG generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of OBG. In addition, 
OBG issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and 
the liquidity and market prices of such OBG may be adversely affected. In an illiquid 
market, an investor might not be able to sell his OBG at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the OBG might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the OBG in euro. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than euro. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the euro or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the euro would 
decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the OBG, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the OBG and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the OBG. Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an

--- Page 114 ---
114
applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate OBG involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate OBG. 
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the OBG at maturity does not protect investors 
from the risk of inflation, i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the invested 
capital will not be affected by the increase in the general price level of consumer products. 
Consequently, the real return of the OBG, which is the adjusted return taking into account 
the inflation rate measured during the life of the OBG themselves, could be negative. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the OBG. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the OBG. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
The ratings assigned to the OBG address the expectation of timely payment of interest and 
principal on the OBG on or before any payment date falling one year after the Maturity 
Date. 
According to Moody’s, the ratings assigned to the OBG may address: 
(i) the likelihood of full and timely payment to OBG Holders of all payments of interest 
on each Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(ii) the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal in relation to OBG on (a) the Maturity 
Date thereof or (b) if the OBG are subject to an Extended Maturity Date in respect of 
the OBG in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, the Extended Maturity Date 
thereof. 
The ratings that may be assigned by Moody’s incorporate both an indication of the 
probability of default and of the recovery given a default of the relevant OBG. 
The expected ratings of the OBG are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series of 
OBG. Whether or not a rating in relation to any OBG will be treated as having been issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the 
Rating Agency, the credit quality of the OBG has declined or is in question. If any rating 
assigned to the OBG is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the OBG may reduce. 
Furthermore, in accordance with the current rating criteria of the Rating Agency, the rating 
of the OBG may be linked, under certain circumstances, to the then current rating of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 115 ---
115
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A credit 
rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related to the structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the OBG. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registed under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended) or (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. n 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
The return on an investment in OBG will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any OBG will be affected by the level of fees 
charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a 
person or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment 
account, transfers of OBG, custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other 
amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such 
fees will be charged on the relevant OBG. 
Automatic Exchange of Information  
EU member states are required to implement an automatic exchange of information as 
provided for by Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU, as 
amended from time to time, as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the 
field of taxation (the “DAC”). In this context, in order to eliminate an overlap with the 
DAC, Council Directive 2003/48/EC (the “EU Savings Directive”) was repealed on 10 
November 2015 by the Council of the European Union. The range of payments to be 
automatically reported under the DAC is broader than the scope of the automatic 
information previously foreseen by the EU Savings Directive. 
Investors should consult their professional tax advisers. 
Change of law 
The structure of the Programme and, inter alia, the issue of the OBG and the ratings 
assigned to the OBG are based on Italian law, tax and administrative practice in effect at the 
date of this Prospectus, having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant

--- Page 116 ---
116
entities under such law and practice. No assurance can be given that Italian law, tax or 
administrative practice or its interpretation will not change after the Issue Date of any Series 
or Tranche or that such change will not adversely impact the structure of the Programme and 
the treatment of the OBG. This Prospectus will not be updated to reflect any such changes 
or events. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) OBG are legal 
investments for it, (2) OBG can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any OBG. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of OBG under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Risk that OBG do not comply with the Law 130, the BoI OBG Regulations and/or 
article 129 of the CRR 
The Covered Bond Directive (as defined below) was adopted on 27 November 2019 and has 
been implemented in Italy in full on 30 March 2023, further to the adoption of the Decree 
190 and the BoI OBG Regulations. The Covered Bond Directive, the Law 130, the BoI 
OBG Regulations and article 129 of the CRR and the interpretation thereof by, inter alia, the 
competent authorities may change over time and, due to the recent implementation of such 
legislation and regulations, the interpretation of the Law 130, the BoI OBG Regulations and 
article 129 of the CRR may vary. The timing and substance of such changes are 
unpredictable and beyond the control of the Issuer. Changes in the Covered Bond Directive, 
the Law 130, the BoI OBG Regulations and article 129 of the CRR or in the interpretation 
thereof could affect the Issuer, the Guarantor, the market for OBG and/or, in general, the 
OBG.  
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known 
as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold at a rate of 30% on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The term “foreign passthru 
payment” is not yet defined. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the OBG, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
foreign passthru payments on instruments such as the OBG, are uncertain and may be 
subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to foreign passthru payments on instruments such as the OBG, proposed 
regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed

--- Page 117 ---
117
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these 
proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. OBG issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining the term “foreign 
passthru payment” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date and/or characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. However, even if the OBG are 
otherwise so grandfathered, if additional OBG (as described under Condition 15 of the 
Conditions) that are not distinguishable from previously issued OBG are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all OBG, including the OBG offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from 
interest, principal or other payments on the OBG as a result of FATCA, none of the Issuer, 
the OBG Guarantor, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the OBGs be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or 
withholding. As a result, investors may receive amounts that are less than expected.  
EACH HOLDER OF THE OBG SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO 
OBTAIN A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND TO LEARN HOW 
FATCA 
MIGHT 
AFFECT 
EACH 
HOLDER 
IN 
ITS 
PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCE.

--- Page 118 ---
118
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated Loan 
Purchase price 
Subordinated Loan 
Interest and principal on the 
Proceeds from the issue of OBG 
Interest and principal on the OBG 
OBG Guarantee 
Assignment of the Portfolio 
Representative 
of the 
OBGHolders 
OBGHolders 
(the “Issuer”) 
 
 
(the “Seller” and the “Servicer”) 
Asset Monitor
UniCredit OBG S.r.l. 
(the “OBG Guarantor”)

--- Page 119 ---
119
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents:  
(1) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2023 – Press Release 
dated 3 May 2023 (the “March 2023 Financial Statements”), available at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/press-
and-media/price-sensitive/2023/UniCredit_PR_1Q23_ENG-03052023.pdf; 
(2) 
2022 Annual Reports and Accounts including the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the UniCredit Group (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes 
thereto) and the audited financial statements of the Issuer (including the auditors’ 
report thereon and the notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(the 
“December 
2022 
Financial 
Statements”), 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/financial-reports/2022/4Q22/2022-Annual-Reports-and-
Accounts.pdf; 
(3) 
2021 Annual Reports and Accounts including the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the UniCredit Group (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes 
thereto) and the audited financial statements of the Issuer (including the auditors’ 
report thereon and the notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(the 
“December 
2021 
Financial 
Statements”) 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/financial-reports/2021/4Q21/2021-Annual-Reports-and-
Accounts.pdf; 
(4) 
the base prospectus dated 7 June 2022 relating to the UniCredit S.p.A. 
“€ 35,000,000,000 Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite Programme” (the “2022 OBG 2 
Programme 
Prospectus”), 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/funding-programs/covered-
bond/obg2/issuance-prospectus-and-supplements/2022/A48179176-Prospectus-OBG-
2_Rinnovo-2022_FINAL_PDF.pdf; 
(5) 
OBG Guarantor annual financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon 
and notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “Guarantor 
2022 
Financial 
Statements”), 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/funding-programs/covered-
bond/obg2/unicredit-OBG-srl-balance-sheets/UniOBG_balance_sheet-31.12.22-
Def_ENG.pdf; and 
(6) 
OBG Guarantor annual financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon 
and notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Guarantor 
2021 
Financial 
Statements”), 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/funding-programs/covered-

--- Page 120 ---
120
bond/obg2/unicredit-OBG-srl-balance-sheets/UniOBG_Balance-Sheet--
31.12.21_ENG.pdf. 
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by 
reference in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Prospectus.  
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at 
the head office of the Issuer and the Luxembourg Listing Agent and may be obtained via the 
internet at the websites of the Issuer (https://www.unicreditgroup.eu) and the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/cssf-approvals). Written or oral requests for such 
documents should be directed to the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (i) the March 2023 Financial 
Statements; (ii) the December 2022 Financial Statements; (iii) the December 2021 Financial 
Statements; (iv) the 2022 OBG 2 Programme Prospectus; (v) the Guarantor 2022 Financial 
Statements; and (vi) the Guarantor 2021 Financial Statements.  
With respect to the 2022 OBG 2 Programme Prospectus, the page references indicated in the 
table below correspond to the page references of the PDF document format. 
March 2023 Financial Statements  
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
Issuer’s unaudited 
Consolidated Interim Report 
as at 31 March 2023 – Press 
Release dated 3 May 2023 
 
 
 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Income 
Statement 
p. 14 
 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Balance 
Sheet 
p. 15 
 
Other UniCredit Group Tables (Sovereign 
Debt Securities – Breakdown by 
Country/Portfolio, Weighted Duration, 
Ratings) 
p. 16-18 
 
Basis of Preparation 
p. 19-22 
 
Declaration 
p. 25 
 
December 2022 Financial Statements

--- Page 121 ---
121
Documents 
Information incorporated 
Page 
2022 Annual Reports and 
Accounts  
Consolidated Report and Accounts of 
UniCredit Group 
 
 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
p. 
127-
167 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
p. 
187-
188 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
p. 189 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Other 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 190 
 
Statement of Changes in the Consolidated 
Shareholders’ Equity 
p. 
191-
194 
 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statement 
p. 
195-
196 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts 
p. 
199-
534 
 
Certification 
p. 537 
 
Report of the External Auditors 
p. 
539-
545 
 
Annexes 
p. 
547-
636 
 
Report and Accounts of UniCredit S.p.A. 
 
 
Report on Operations 
p. 
647-
673 
 
Balance Sheet 
p. 
677-
678 
 
Income Statement 
p. 679 
 
Statement 
of 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
p. 680 
 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ 
Equity 
p. 
681-
682 
 
Cash Flow Statement 
p. 
683-
684 
 
Notes to the Accounts 
p. 
687-
855 
 
Certification 
p. 857 
 
Report of External Auditors 
p. 
887-

--- Page 122 ---
122
893 
 
Annexes 
p. 
899-
906 
 
December 2021 Financial Statements 
Documents 
Information incorporated 
Page 
2021 Annual Reports and 
Accounts 
Consolidated Report and Accounts of 
UniCredit Group 
 
 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
p. 77-119 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
p. 139 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
p. 140 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
p. 141 
 
Statement of Changes in the Consolidated 
Shareholders’ Equity 
p. 142-
144 
 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statement 
p. 145-
146 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts 
p. 149-
462 
 
Certification 
p. 465 
 
Report of the External Auditors 
p. 467-
478 
 
Annexes 
p. 481-
555 
 
Report and Accounts of UniCredit S.p.A. 
 
 
Report on Operations 
p. 565-
589 
 
Balance Sheet 
p. 593 
 
Income Statement 
p. 594 
 
Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income 
p. 595 
 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders' 
Equity 
p. 596-
597 
 
Cash Flow Statement 
p. 598-
599 
 
Notes to the Accounts 
p. 601-
760 
 
Certification 
p. 763

--- Page 123 ---
123
 
Report of External Auditors 
p. 797-
809 
 
Annexes 
p. 815-
823 
 
2022 OBG 2 Programme Prospectus 
Documents 
Information incorporated 
Page 
Base prospectus dated 7 June 
2022 relating to the UniCredit 
S.p.A. “€ 35,000,000,000 
Obbligazioni Bancarie 
Garantite Programme” 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the OBG  
p. 281-
322 
 
Rules of the Organisation of the OBG 
Holders 
p. 323-
343 
 
Guarantor 2022 Financial Statements 
Documents  
Information incorporated 
Page 
Audited financial statements 
of the OBG Guarantor 
(including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) for 
the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
p. 13 
 
Income Statement 
p. 14 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 15 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 16 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 17-18 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 19-60 
 
Auditor’s Report 
p. 61-63 
 
Guarantor 2021 Financial Statements 
Documents  
Information incorporated 
Page 
Audited financial statements 
of the OBG Guarantor

--- Page 124 ---
124
(including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) for 
the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 
 
Balance Sheet 
p. 13 
 
Income Statement 
p. 14 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
p. 15 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 16 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
p. 17-18 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
p. 19-60 
 
Auditor’s Report 
p. 61-63 
 
Any parts of a document not included in the cross-reference lists above are not incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus and shall not form part of this Prospectus as these parts are 
either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Any documents which are incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus and is either not relevant 
for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 2021 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., in its capacity as 
independent auditor of the Issuer for the relevant financial year, as indicated in its report 
thereon. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 2022 have been audited by KPMG S.p.A., in its capacity as independent auditor 
of the Issuer for the relevant financial year, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Accounting Standards/International Financial Reporting Standards (IAS/IFRS) 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the relative 
interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), 
as endorsed and adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
The OBG Guarantor annual financial statements as of and for the year ended on 31 
December 2021 were prepared in accordance with the International Accounting 
Standards/International Financial Reporting Standards (IAS/IFRS) and have been audited by 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., in its capacity as independent auditors of the OBG Guarantor, as 
indicated in its report thereon. 
The OBG Guarantor annual financial statements as of and for the year ended on 31 
December 2022 were prepared in accordance with the International Accounting 
Standards/International Financial Reporting Standards (IAS/IFRS) and have been audited by 
KPMG S.p.A., in its capacity as independent auditors of the OBG Guarantor, as indicated in 
its report thereon.

--- Page 125 ---
125
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of OBG 
to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Without prejudice to its statutory obligations, each of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor has 
given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
OBG and whose inclusion in or removal from this Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor, and the 
rights attaching to the OBG, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the 
OBG and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as 
such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 126 ---
126
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
History and development of the Issuer 
UniCredit (formerly UniCredito Italiano S.p.A.) and the UniCredit Group of which 
UniCredit is the parent company are the result of the October 1998 business combination 
between the Credito Italiano national commercial banking group (established in 1870 with 
the name Banca di Genova) and UniCredito S.p.A. (at the time the holding company 
owning a controlling interest in Banca CRT (Banca Cassa di Risparmio di Torino S.p.A.), 
CRV (Cassa di Risparmio di Verona Vicenza Belluno e Ancona Banca S.p.A.) and 
Cassamarca (Cassa di Risparmio della Marca Trivigiana S.p.A.). 
Since its formation, the Group has grown in Italy and Eastern Europe through both organic 
growth and acquisitions, consolidating its role in relevant sectors outside Europe and 
strengthening its international network. 
Such expansion has been characterised, in particular: 
 
by the business combination with HypoVereinsbank, realised through a public tender 
offer launched in summer 2005 by UniCredit to acquire the control over Bayerische 
Hypo- and Vereinsbank AG (“HVB”) – subsequently renamed UniCredit Bank AG – 
and its subsidiaries, such as Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG, subsequently renamed 
“UniCredit Bank Austria AG” (“BA” or “Bank Austria”). At the conclusion of the offer 
perfected during 2005, UniCredit acquired a shareholding for an amount equal to 93.93 
per cent. of the registered share capital and voting rights of HVB. On 15 September 
2008, the squeeze-out of HVB’s minority shareholders, resolved upon by the bank’s 
shareholders’ meeting in June 2007, was registered with the Commercial Register of 
Munich. Therefore, the HVB shares held by the minority shareholders – equal to 4.55 
per cent. of the share capital of the company – were transferred to UniCredit by 
operation of law and HVB became a UniCredit wholly-owned subsidiary. In summer 
2005 UniCredit also conducted an exchange offer for the acquisition of all shares of BA 
not held by HVB at the time. At the conclusion of the offer, the Group held 94.98 per 
cent. of the aggregate share capital of BA. In January 2007, UniCredit, which at the time 
held 96.35 per cent. of the aggregate share capital of BA, including a stake equal to 
77.53 per cent. transferred to UniCredit by HVB, resolved to commence the procedures 
to effect the squeeze-out of the minority shareholders of BA. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, UniCredit’s interest in BA is equal to 99.996 per cent.; and 
 
by the business combination with Capitalia S.p.A. (“Capitalia”), the holding company 
of the Capitalia banking group (the “Capitalia Group”), realised through a merger by 
way of incorporation of Capitalia into UniCredit effective as of 1 October 2007.

--- Page 127 ---
127
In 2008 the squeeze outs 11  of the ordinary BA and HVB shares held by minority 
shareholders were completed. 
Proceedings as to the adequacy of the squeeze-out price and in relation to the challenge to 
the relevant shareholders’ resolutions promoted by certain BA and HVB shareholders are 
still pending. For more details please see section headed “Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” of this Prospectus. 
UniCredit S.p.A. shares are listed on the Milan, Frankfurt and Warsaw regulated markets, 
respectively on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euronext Milan), on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange, segment General Standard, and on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
****  
Recent Developments 
On 3 April 2023, UniCredit S.p.A. announced, as per the authorisation granted by the 
Shareholders' Meeting of the Company held on 31 March 2023, that it has defined the 
measures for the execution of the first tranche of the share buy-back programme for a 
maximum amount of Euro 2,343,438,000.00 and for a number of UniCredit shares not 
exceeding 230,000,000 (the “First Tranche of the Buy-Back Programme 2022”). As 
disclosed on 28 March 2023, UniCredit received ECB authorisation for the 2022 share buy-
back for a maximum of Euro 3,343,438,000.00, that UniCredit aims to execute in two 
tranches, the first one of Euro 2,343,438,000.00. For the purpose of executing the First 
Tranche of the Buy-Back Programme 2022, UniCredit engaged BNP Paribas Exane as 
qualified third-party broker which will decide on the stock purchases in full independence, 
also in relation to the timing of the transactions and in compliance with the daily price and 
volume limits and the terms of the programme (so-called "riskless principal" or "matched 
principal"). The transactions completed will be disclosed to the market in accordance with 
the terms and conditions set out in the laws and regulations in force. Any subsequent 
changes to the First Tranche of the Buy-Back Programme 2022 will be promptly disclosed 
to the public in the manners and terms provided for by the laws and regulations in force. The 
UniCredit shares that will be acquired as part of the First Tranche of the Buy-Back 
Programme 2022 will be cancelled in execution of the resolution of the abovementioned 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
 
**** 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is “UniCredit, società per azioni”, in short 
“UniCredit S.p.A.”. 
 
11  The squeeze out is the process whereby a pool of shareholders owning at a certain amount of a listed company's shares (in Germany 95 
per cent., and in Austria 90 per cent.) exercises its right to "squeeze out" the remaining minority of shareholders from the company 
paying them an adequate compensation.

--- Page 128 ---
128
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number and legal entity identifier 
(‘LEI’) 
UniCredit is registered with the Company Register of Milano Monza Brianza Lodi under 
registration number 00348170101. UniCredit is also registered with the National Register of 
Banks; it is the parent company of the UniCredit Group registered with the Register of 
Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the “Italian Banking Act”) under number 02008.1; 
and it is a member of the National Interbank Deposit Fund (Fondo Interbancario di Tutela 
dei Depositi) and of the National Compensation Fund (Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 549300TRUWO2CD2G5692. 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite 
UniCredit is a joint stock company established in Genoa, Italy, by way of a private deed 
dated 28 April 1870 with a duration until 31 December 2100. 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, 
its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer 
UniCredit S.p.A. is a joint stock company established in Italy and operating under Italian 
law. The Registered and Head Offices of the Issuer are located in Milan, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 
3 – Tower A. UniCredit’s telephone number is +39 02 88 621, and UniCredit’s website is 
www.unicreditgroup.eu. The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of 
this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
UniCredit, in carrying out its activities, is subject to both the Italian provisions (e.g. to the 
provisions on anti-money laundering, transparency and fairness in customer relations, usury, 
consumer protection, labour law, safety at the workplace and privacy laws) and European 
provisions as well as to the supervision of various Authorities, each for their respective areas 
of competence. In particular, UniCredit is subject to the provisions contained in the 
Supervisory Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy and, as a significant bank, to the direct 
prudential supervision of the European Central Bank. 
BRRD and SRMR 
With regard to the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer, it is noted the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014, implemented in Italy with 
the Legislative Decree 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015 (“BRRD”) as amended by the 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”) and implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 
193 of 8 November 2021 (published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale on 30 November 2021). The 
Issuer is also subject to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 (“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” or “SRM 
Regulation” as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (“SRMR II”) and applying from 28 
December 2020) which sets out uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms under the Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”)

--- Page 129 ---
129
and the Single Resolution Fund. The SRM and BRRD enable a range of resolution tools and 
powers to be used in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at 
risk of failing. 
Such instruments and powers include the possibility of applying the “bail-in”, i.e. the power 
to reduce, with the possibility of cancellation, the nominal value of shares and the write-
down of receivables due from the bank with their conversion into shares. The aim of the 
bail-in is to absorb losses and recapitalize the failing bank in order to ensure the continuity 
of its critical economic functions, protecting financial stability and minimizing losses to the 
taxpayer, while still ensuring that no creditor suffers greater losses than if the bank had been 
liquidated under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, 
as implemented in Italy by article 49 of Legislative Decree. 180 and 181 of 16 November 
2015, it is important to note that resolution authorities may not exercise the write 
down/conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their 
related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in 
relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging 
instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is 
secured. 
In the context of the bail-in, losses may be transferred, following a priority order and net of 
the exclusions provided for by the regulations, to shareholders, holders of subordinated debt 
securities, holders of senior non preferred securities, holders of not subordinated and 
unsecured debt securities, other unsecured creditors and, finally, depositors for the portion 
exceeding the guaranteed portion, i.e. for the portion exceeding Euro 100,000.00 per 
depositor. 
Furthermore, if the conditions are met, the Authorities may request the use of the Single 
Resolution Fund referred to in the SRMR, financed by contributions paid by banks.  
In the framework of the SRMR and BRRD, the centralized decision-making power for 
resolution is entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), whose powers are attributed 
to the latter. In addition, the SRB cooperates closely with the national resolution authorities 
of Member States that are parties to the Banking Union. The national resolution authorities 
of Member States are empowered to implement the resolution programmes adopted by the 
SRB.  
In such a context, it is worth mentioning that on April 18, 2023, the European Commission 
published a legislative proposal on the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance 
(“CMDI”) framework. The package consists of four legislative proposals that would amend 
existing EU legislation: the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme Directive (“DGSD”) and the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
(“SRMR”). New aspects of the framework could include: i) expanding the scope of 
resolution through a revision of the public interest assessment to include a regional impact 
so more eurozone banks could be brought into the resolution framework. ii) The use of 
deposit guarantee schemes to help banks, especially the small ones, to meet a key threshold 
for bearing losses of 8% of their own funds and liabilities, which then allows them to have 
access to the Single Resolution Fund, also funded by bank contributions, and help sell the

--- Page 130 ---
130
problem banks’ assets and fund their exit from the market. iii) Amending the hierarchy of 
claims in insolvency and scrapping the “super-preference” of the DGS to put all deposits on 
equal pegging in an insolvency, but still above ordinary unsecured creditors with the aim of 
enabling the use of DGS funds in measures other than pay out of covered deposits without 
violating the least cost test. The proposal will need to be agreed by the Member States and 
the European Parliament, a process which could take one year if they aim to finalise it 
before the current European Commission’s mandate ends in spring 2024. 
The BRRD also introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient 
aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum Requirement for Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities, MREL). From 1 January 2022, the Issuer has to comply on a 
consolidated basis with a first binding intermediate target for MREL (including a 
subordinated component i.e., to be met with subordinated instruments) received from the 
Single Resolution Board and the Bank of Italy. From 1 January 2024, the consolidated 
MREL will become “fully loaded”. The Issuer also has to comply with the standard on total 
loss absorbing capacity (TLAC). 
CRR and CRD  
The Issuer shall comply with the revised global regulatory standards (“Basel III”) on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity. The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU 
through new banking requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) 
and the Regulation 2013/575/EU (the “CRR”, together with the CRD IV Directive, the 
“CRD IV Package”) subsequently updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and Directive 
(EU) No. 2019/878 (the “Banking Reform Package” with CRR II and CRD V). According 
to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following Own Funds 
requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per 
cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per cent.; and (iv) a Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. 
According to Articles from 129 to 134 of the CRD, these minimum ratios are complemented 
by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: (a) Capital conservation 
buffer, institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, capital buffers for globally 
systemically important institutions (“G-SIIs”); (b) capital buffers for other systemically 
important institutions (“O-SIIs”), Systemic risk buffer; and (c) a systemic risk buffer 
(“SyRB”) each Member State may introduce in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-
cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not covered by the other capital requirements set 
out in the CRD V Directive (as defined below). 
In October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted regulations establishing the 
single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”) for all 
banks in the Euro area, which have, beginning in November 2014, given the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national competent authorities of the eurozone States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over “significant banks” in the Banking Union as well as their 
subsidiaries in a participating non-euro area Member State. The ECB has fully assumed its 
new supervisory responsibilities of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group.

--- Page 131 ---
131
On 7 June 2019, the legal acts “Risk Reduction Measures Package” regarding the banking 
sector have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together 
with the amendments to the BRRD and to SRMR, (i) the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council (“CRR II”) amending the CRR as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (ii) the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (“CRD V Directive”) amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures. The revisions better align the 
current regulatory framework to international developments in order to promote consistency 
and comparability among jurisdictions.  
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 
28 June 2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or 
subsequent), b) the CRD V Directive was to be implemented into national law by 28 
December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be applicable subsequently.  
CRD V Directive has been implemented in Italy by the Legislative Decree No. 182/2021. 
The BRRD II has been implemented in Italy by the Legislative Decree No. 193/2021, which 
provides for, among other measures: 
- 
the determination of a minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities (Article 
12-ter of the Italian Banking Act) issued by credit institutions and investment 
firms: 
1. 
Euro 200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities; 
2. 
Euro 150,000 for senior non-preferred debt instruments (“strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello”); 
- 
the nullity of contracts entered into with non-professional investors (relating to 
investment services having as their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-
ter of the Italian Banking Act issued after 1 December 2021 (or equivalent 
instruments when issued by subjects having their registered office in a third 
country, under certain conditions) that do not respect the minimum unit value 
(Article 25-quater of the Financial Services Act); 
- 
the elimination of the ban on the placement of senior non-preferred debt 
instruments with non-qualified investors (Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 
193/2021), subject to the abovementioned provisions.  
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) 
concluded the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational 
risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including 
constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" 
(setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models 
equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the 
standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability

--- Page 132 ---
132
among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised 
in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in 
December 2017.  
Prior to becoming binding on the European banking system, the European Commission, 
which conducted a public consultation (closed on 5 January 2020), assessed the potential 
impacts on the European economy.  
The analysis carried out by the EBA, published in December 2019 upon request of the 
European Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require 
banks to increase minimum capital requirements (“MCR”) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a 
capital deficit of Euro 124 billion. In August 2020 the Commission required the EBA to 
update its assessment in the light of COVID-19, which was published in December 2020. It 
shows an increase of MCR of 18.5 per cent. and a capital deficit of over Euro 52 billion (the 
December 2019 outcome for a comparable sample would have been respectively 24.1 per 
cent. and Euro 109.5 billion).  
The legislative proposal (CRR III/CRD VI), which incorporates these new standards into 
EU legislation as well as foresees some new provisions in relations to Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) Risks has been published by the European Commission on 27 
October 2021. Once agreed on the final text among the various stakeholders involved in the 
legislative process (European Commission, European Parliament and EU Council) and once 
implemented in the Union, these regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system 
and consequently could determine changes in the capital calculation and increase capital 
requirements.  
The impact assessment that accompanied the European Commission’s proposal published at 
the end of October 2021, states the expectation of a weighted average increase in 
institutions’ minimum capital requirements of 6.4 per cent. to 8.4 per cent. in the long term 
(by 2030), after the envisaged transitional period. The Commission’s proposal foresees that 
most of the provisions in the CRR III shall apply from 1 January 2025. The Member States 
shall adopt and publish the CRD VI by 18 months from the date of entry into force of the 
amending Directive and they shall apply those provisions from one day after its 
transposition date. 
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013 (“Circular 285”) was amended in order to provide, inter alia, the 
introduction of:  
i. 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) for 
banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to 
maintain a systemic risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent 
and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the 
macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRR, the anti-cyclical capital 
buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic 
risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or 
to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and

--- Page 133 ---
133
ii. 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or 
loans (so-called “borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that 
are not harmonised at European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks 
deriving from developments in the real estate market and from high or rising 
levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Bank of Italy has not exercised so far its authority to 
introduce a SyRB or a borrower-based measure. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to 
align its provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the 
amendments introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, 
the introduction of: 
i. 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective 
which supervisory authorities may require banks to hold; and 
ii. 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the 
presence of excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions 
(P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing 
exposures within adequate levels, worth mentioning are the followings: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and 
Addendum to the Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 
March 2018: the NPL guidance contains recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, 
processes and objectives regarding the effective management of the exposures. The 
guidance addresses all NPEs, as well as foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing 
exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as “watch-list” exposures 
and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need to establish a 
strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self-assessment of the internal 
capabilities to effectively manage NPLs; the external conditions and operating environment; 
and the impaired portfolios specifications.  
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets 
out supervisory expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing 
to NPEs after 1 April 2018 (the “ECB Addendum”). In addition, the ECB's supervisory 
expectations for individual banks for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 
March 2018), was set out in its 2018 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) 
letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from these prudential provisioning 
expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its supervisory expectations for 
prudential provisioning of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after 
taking into account the adoption of the new EU regulation of that Banking Reform Package

--- Page 134 ---
134
which makes further changes to the Pillar I treatment for NPEs (in revisions to the Capital 
Requirements Regulation known as “CRRII”). 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (“Pillar II”) in nature. In 
contrast, the European Commission’s requirement is legally binding (“Pillar I”). The above-
mentioned guidelines result in three “buckets” of NPEs based on the date of the exposure’s 
origination and the date of NPE’s classification: 
 
NPEs classified before 1 April 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-
in paths as communicated in SREP letters; 
 
NPEs originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage 
buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable 
property, progressive path to 100 per cent.; and 
 
NPEs originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage 
buckets for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable 
property, progressive path to 100 per cent. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector 
published by the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach 
based on a mix of four policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and 
debt recovery frameworks; the development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of 
the banking industry restructuring. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA 
on 31 October 2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate 
tools and frameworks in place to manage effectively their NPEs and to substantially reduce 
the presence of NPEs on the balance sheet. Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL 
ratio above 5 per cent., EBA asked to introduce strategies, in order to achieve a reduction of 
NPEs, and governance and operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 
17 December 2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced 
disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' 
public disclosure of information regarding non-performing exposures, forborne exposures 
and foreclosed assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-
performing exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential 
treatment of the non-performing exposures where the exposure was originated prior to 26 
April 2019, requiring a deduction from Own Funds where NPEs are not sufficiently covered 
by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation purpose is to encourage a timely and 
proactive management of the NPEs. The prudential treatment is applicable to: (i) unsecured 
exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by 
immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as 
defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured 
exposures, from the seventh year after the classification as NPE. The Regulation outlines the

--- Page 135 ---
135
convergence process to its full application to secured and unsecured exposures classified as 
NPEs for less than 3/7/9 years. 
Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): On 20 October, the European Parliament’s plenary approved the final 
text of the Directive aimed at achieving the development of secondary markets for NPLs in 
the EU’s markets standardizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit 
purchasers. The second part of the Directive aimed at a better management of NPLs by 
increasing the efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct 
common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE) is still put on 
hold. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published 
by EBA on 23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends adapting the CRR and the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (“Securitisation Regulation”) to the particular characteristics 
of NPEs by removing certain constraints imposed by the regulatory framework on credit 
institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of NPE holdings. In preparing its 
proposal to the Commission, EBA outlines the fact that the securitisations can be used to 
enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger rate than 
otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations’ structure 
in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse 
investor pool with a different risk appetite. 
On July 24, 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European 
Commission presented amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in 
order to facilitate the securitisation of non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk 
sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different risk weights to senior tranche) in 
order to promote the economic recovery after the COVID-19 crisis. The new measures - 
through the Regulation (EU) 2021/557 amending the Securitisation Regulation and the 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 (CRR) - entered into 
force on 9 April 2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on 
tackling NPLs. More in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ 
balance sheets, the Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further 
develop secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular call for finalization of the 
Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a 
data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used during the disposal of 
NPLs); (ii) Reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) 
Support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU 
level; (iv) Introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the 
continued funding of the real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive and State aid frameworks. 
Measures to counter the impact of COVID-19 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking 
and financial market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19.

--- Page 136 ---
136
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and 
the Business Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was 
extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, 
small and medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion 
of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later 
extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans 
(mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to 
property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns 
the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement 
entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to 
households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and 
unsecured loans repayable in instalments.  
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable 
terms during the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations 
outstanding during that time. Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III 
operations was 25 basis points below the average rate applied in the Euro-system’s main 
refinancing operations.  
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the 
end of 2021) as well as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply 
deficiencies and trade disruption, mainly due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a 
material rise in inflation which call for a reassessment of the appropriate monetary policy 
stance.  
As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing Council adopted 
decision no. 2022/2128 (“ECB Decision No. 2128”), whereby it decided that from 23 
November 2022 until the maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO 
III operations (“TLTRO III Operations”), the interest rate on TLTRO III Operations will 
be indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period and no longer 
over the entire life of the program tranche. The measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 
2128 have modified the TLTRO III program in a more restrictive way by removing almost 
all remuneration incentives and resulted in a sharp worsening of the funding rate and thus 
ECB introduced a new early repayment window on the date of the change effectiveness to 
allow banks to exit the program before relative conditions change. 
The Governing Council also added a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases 
of Euro 120 billion until the end of 2020, ensuring a strong contribution from the private 
sector purchase programmes. On 18 March 2020 this was followed by the announcement of 
the Euro 750 billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program (“PEPP”), increased with a 
further Euro 600 billion on 4 June 2020. The Governing Council intends to reinvest the 
principal payments from maturing securities purchased under the PEPP until at least the end 
of 2024. In any case, the future roll-off of the PEPP portfolio will be managed to avoid 
interference with the appropriate monetary policy stance. 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the 
epidemiological emergency due to the COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree 
No. 18 (“Cura Italia Decree”) was adopted. The Cura Italia Decree introduced special

--- Page 137 ---
137
measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order 
to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention of 
the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA 
relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the 
ACE notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the 
impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree No. 23 of 8 April 2020 (“Liquidity 
Decree”) was issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian 
entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in addition to providing an additional guarantee 
managed by SACE Simest (“SACE”), a company which was formerly within the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group and now being a wholly owned subsidiary of the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by 
redrawing its rules for accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 
employees and professionals, as well as increasing the guarantee coverage percentages 
already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree (provision that is repealed). In the 
wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions to the ordinary 
rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which were applicable until 31 December 2020 and 
extended until 30 June 2022 by Budget Law 2022 (formerly 31 December 2021 – see 
below). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called “Decreto 
Rilancio”) was published in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of 
healthcare, work and economic support, as well as social policies, related to the 
epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree was signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 
31 December 2020) aimed at strengthening SME’s capital, thus preventing their insolvency 
risk. Particular reference is made to two public tools: “Patrimonio PMI” fund, which is 
aimed at subscribing new bonds issued by SME corporates with Euro 10 million turnover, 
which were impacted by COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33% in April and May 2020 
(two tax credits are granted to other investors <20%of the investment> in such corporates, 
and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered losses <50% of the losses which 
exceed the 10% of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30% of the capital increase>); and 
the so called “Patrimonio rilancio” (Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at 
subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to support real 
economy.  
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree “August” (Law Decree 14 
August 2020, No. 104, converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several 
urgent measures in support of health, work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 
emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the extension of the moratorium for 
SME until 31 December 2021 (formerly 30 January 2021). Such prorogation operates 
automatically, unless expressly waived by the beneficiary company. They also provide 
technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to 
convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated and 
transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, 
too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of

--- Page 138 ---
138
the guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial 
intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also 
extends SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure 
with business continuity (or certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures 
are not classifiable as non-performing exposures (at the date of submission of the 
application), they don’t present amounts in arrears and the lender can reasonably assume the 
full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
The Law Decree 25 May 2021, No. 73 (the Sostegni-bis Decree Law, converted into law by 
Law 23 July 2021 No. 106) further extended the extraordinary public guarantees issued by 
SACE and the Guarantee Fund for SMEs until 31 December 2021 (including the possibility 
for Mid Cap to access the SACE Guarantee under the same conditions offered by the 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs). The possibility of extending the duration of the loan against the 
payment of a commission has also been provided for operations with SACE guarantee, 
while for operations with guarantee issued by the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, the extension 
is possible against a reduction of the guarantee percentages.  
Measures to counter the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict 
In May 2022 the Council of Minister approved the “Aiuti” Decree (Law Decree 17 May 
2022, No. 50, converted into Law 15 July 2022 No. 91) to address the negative 
consequences on the country's economic recovery caused by the Russia-Ukraine war. The 
decree contains some measures aimed at boosting the public guarantees’ system through: 
 
The introduction of a new SACE guarantee until 31 December 2022 in favor of banks, 
national and international financial institutions and other entities authorized to exercise 
credit in Italy, for loans, in any form, granted to companies that demonstrate that the 
current crisis has direct negative economic repercussions on their activities. 
The maximum duration of the guaranteed loans is 6 years (extendable to 8 years subject 
to authorization by the EU Commission), with the possibility of pre-amortization not 
exceeding 36 months and the guarantee’s percentage changes (from 70 per cent. to 90 
per cent.) depending on the company turnover and the number of employees. 
 
The introduction, until 31 December 2022, of a further measure relating to a 90 per cent. 
guarantee granted by SME’s Guarantee Fund on individual loans granted to SMEs 
aimed at achieving efficiency goals or diversification of energy production or 
consumption. The guarantee is free only for companies, located in Italy, operating in the 
particularly affected sectors (Annex I of the new TF Crisis) and the maximum duration 
of guaranteed loans is 6 years. 
In August 2022 the Council of Ministers approved the “Aiuti Bis” Decree (Decree Law 9 
August 2022, No. 115 converted into Law 21 September 2022, No. 142) aimed at 
supporting companies and families to address the effects of the energy crisis and the 
ongoing conflict. Below the main measures of interest contained in the decree: 
 
Implementing liquidity through the simplification of tax credits’ assignment: the 
measure has the aim of giving a stable framework regarding the tax credit’s assignment 
from banks to transferees. It provides that transferee's liability is limited only to cases of 
involvement in violation with willful misconduct and gross negligence. Such clarity 
allows banks to make easier tax credits’ assignment.

--- Page 139 ---
139
 
Guaranties Loans Active Management Project - GLAM: the measure provides for 
the possibility for AMCO to set up dedicated assets aimed at purchasing, at market 
conditions, loans backed by FCG Guarantee as well as the possibility for banks to grant 
new loans to debtors transferred to the dedicated assets. 
In September 2022 the Council of Ministers approved a new “Aiuti Ter” Decree to face 
energy costs’ increase on households and companies (Law Decree 23 September 2022 n. 
144 converted into Law 17 November 2022, n. 175). Below the measures of interest: 
- 
SACE guarantee for companies' liquidity needs: it is envisaged that SACE can 
provide free guarantees (ex art. 15 of Aiuti Decree - DL 50/2022) on loans granted to 
companies for the payment of the invoices for energy consumption, which have been 
issued in October, November and December 2022, provided that the interest rate applied 
to the loan does not exceed, at the time of the request for the guarantee, the yield of the 
BTPs with a duration equal to the loan granted. 
- 
FCG guarantee for liquidity needs of companies: for individual loans granted after 
the date of decree’s entry into force (24th September 2022) and intended for the 
payment of invoices for energy consumption, issued in October, November and 
December 2022, the Central Guarantee Fund can grant free guarantees (provided that 
the interest rate applied to the loan does not exceed, at the time of the request for the 
guarantee, the yield of the BTPs with a duration equal to the loan), up to a maximum of 
80 per cent., in favor of SME’s, regardless of their rating. 
In November 2022 the Council of Ministers approved a new “Aiuti Quater” Decree aimed 
at introducing urgent measures on electricity, natural gas and fuels (Decree Law 18 
November 2022 n. 176 converted into Law 13 January 2023 n. 6). Below the main measures 
of interest contained in the decree: 
 
Support measures to cope with energy costs’ increase: The decree provides for: 
 
o possibility for companies based in Italy to ask suppliers to pay by instalments the 
amounts due relating to electricity and natural gas’ consumption made from 
1/10/2022 to 31/3/2023 and invoiced by 31/12/2023 (exceeding the average amount 
recorded between 1/1/2021 and 31/12/2021). To ensure the widest application of the 
measure, SACE may grant to insurance companies a guarantee equal to 90 per cent. 
of the indemnities generated by exposures relating to receivables claimed by 
electricity and gas suppliers based in Italy. 
o possibility for electricity and gas suppliers based in Italy to ask for bank loans 
backed by a SACE guarantee under the same terms and conditions set in the “Aiuti” 
Decree (art. 15 DL 50/2022), to meet the liquidity needs deriving from the 
instalment plans granted. 
o extension until 31/12/2023 of the SACE guarantee (art. 15 of DL 50/2022) in favor 
of banks, national and international financial institutions and other entities 
authorized to exercise credit in Italy, for loans granted to companies that 
demonstrate to have suffered direct economic repercussions on their business. 
 
 
Tax Credits’ Assignment: it’s increased from 2 to 3 the number of credit assignments 
(central ones, between the first assignment and the last) in favour of qualified

--- Page 140 ---
140
intermediaries. The possibility remains for banks to assign credit to their current account 
holders (fifth and last assignment). 
 
 
SACE Guarantee related to Superbonus: It’s envisaged the possibility for SACE to 
issue guarantees on loans granted to building companies that discount the invoice for 
works linked to Superbonus, to face their liquidity needs. The amount of tax credits 
accrued by the company as of 25 November 2022 may be considered for the purpose of 
assessing the creditworthiness of the company applying for the loan. 
In November 2022 the Council of Ministers also approved the Law 29 December 2022 n. 
197 (“Budget Law 2023”) through which the Government extended until 31 December 
2023 the transitional and extraordinary period of operation of the SME's Guarantee Fund 
(provided for in art.1 paragraph 55 and 55-bis of Budget Law 2022 - Law 234/2021). The 
measure provides for: maximum amount guaranteed per single company equal to 5 million; 
the application of the valuation model for the granting of the guarantee (the eligibility for 
the guarantee remains for the entities included in the rank n. 5 of the same valuation model); 
different percentages of the guarantee (for investment-related needs: 80 per cent. for all 
beneficiaries regardless of the rank they belong to; for needs other than investments 
(liquidity): 80 per cent. to weaker companies (rank 3-4-5), 60 per cent. guarantee for the 
others (rank 1-2); 90 per cent. guarantee on loans for investment or coverage of working 
capital costs for the achievement of efficiency targets or diversification of energy production 
or consumption). 
Other measures to support the economy 
In February 2023 the Council of Ministers approved the Law Decree 16 February n. 11, 
converted into Law 11 April 2023 n. 38 (“Superbonus – Crediti Fiscali Decree”) which 
introduces urgent measures on tax credit assignment (provided for in art. 121 Decree Law 
19 May 2020, n. 34).  
Below the main measures of interest contained in the decree:  
 
Prohibition of the exercise of the tax credit transfer options and the discount on the 
invoice for building bonuses (Super Bonus and other transferable building bonuses) 
from 17 February 2023 (with some exceptions). 
 
Exclusion of the involvement in the violation (and therefore of joint and several 
liability) for assignee who have acquired the credit and are in possession of the 
documentation needed to demonstrate the effectiveness of the works carried out (the 
liability in case of fraud remains). 
 
possibility of using in 10 equal annual instalments (at the request of the supplier or 
transferee) the tax credits (superbonus and other building bonuses) deriving from the 
communications sent to the ADE by 31 March 2023. For the Superbonus expenses 
incurred in 2022, the deduction can be divided, at the request of the taxpayer, into 10 
equal annual instalments starting from the 2023 tax period. 
 
possibility for banks, financial intermediaries, and insurance companies (with no more 
tax capacity) to use the Superbonus tax credits purchased to subscribe to BTPs, with a 
duration of at least 10 years, within the limit of 10% of the annual quota exceeding the 
tax credits already compensated. This solution is limited to credits relating to

--- Page 141 ---
141
interventions carried out up to 31 December 2022, and will be adoptable by BTP issues 
carried out starting from 1 January 2028 
 
Possibility of making the communication for the exercise of the option in the manner 
and within the terms of the so-called "remissione in bonis" (by 30 November 2023 with 
a fine of €250), if the transfer contract has not been concluded by 31 March 2023 and 
the transfer is carried out in favour of banks, financial intermediaries or companies 
belonging to a banking group. 
 
Extension of the exclusion ex lege from joint liability between the transferor and 
transferee to all transferees (not only current account holders), who purchase tax credits 
from a bank or from a company of a banking group which have to issue a statement 
concerning the possession of credit verification documents. 
Sustainable Finance 
Finally, it is worth mentioning the developments in the Sustainable Finance area. The 
banking system needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable 
activities and projects to contribute to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality 
and sustainability, which are the basis for green finance decision-making and necessary to 
ensure that the banks shall comply with the regulations on the disclosure of financial and 
non-financial information.  
In May 2018, the European Commission published a package of legislative measures in 
order to promote a sustainable finance based on three building blocks that included: i) a 
classification system, or “sustainable taxonomy”, ii) a disclosure framework relating to 
sustainable risks and iii) investment tools, including benchmarks, standards and labels. 
Taxonomy. The final text of the Taxonomy Regulation has been adopted by the European 
Parliament and Council and was subsequently published in the OJ in 2020. The Taxonomy 
Regulation is a classification system intended to address greenwashing and provide a tool to 
direct finance towards sustainable investments. The regulatory framework outlines 
definitions and specific criteria (technical screening criteria) to determine whether an 
economic activity can be classified as environmentally sustainable. 
The level II timeline to determine the specific technical screening criteria is progressing 
with criteria for the first two environmental objectives (climate change mitigation and 
adaptation) now adopted and applicable from 1 January 2022. The remaining four objectives 
– sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to circular 
economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity 
and ecosystems – are expected to be adopted in 2023, therefore the application date will be 
significantly delayed (not earlier than end 2023/2024).  
On 15 July, the Taxonomy Complementary Delegated Act covering gas and nuclear related 
activities was published in the OJ of the EU and will enter into force twenty days after the 
publication. The Delegated Act are applicable from 1 January 2023. 
Taxonomy Extension. In July 2021, the Platform on Sustainable Finance published a 
consultation paper on ‘Taxonomy extension options linked to environmental objectives’; 
and a draft report on ‘Social Taxonomy’. The consultation paper asked feedback on the 
possibility to extend the EU Taxonomy to significantly harmful (“SH”) activities and no

--- Page 142 ---
142
significant impact (“NSI”) activities and if this would fall within the overall framework of 
EU sustainable finance. The final report on a Social Taxonomy which looks at how to 
implement a social Taxonomy as well as how to make the two Taxonomies (social and 
environmental) work together was formally published by the Platform on 28 February 2022. 
The Finale Report on the extension of the Taxonomy to significantly harmful (“SH”) 
activities, intermediate activities and no significant impact (“NSI”) activities was published 
on 28 March 2022. The Commission is expected to assess the two reports in due time and 
decide whether to put forward a legislative proposal on both Social and Extended Taxonomy 
once it finalized the work on 4 remaining environmental objectives (not earlier than end 
2024/2025). 
On 9 December 2019 has been published Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐
related disclosures in the financial services sector (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation” or “SFDR”), which lays down harmonised rules for financial market 
participants and financial advisers on transparency. The SFDR entered into force from 
March 2021, but the EC was mandated to adopt regulatory technical standards regarding the 
ESG disclosure requirements. The three ESAs (EBA, EIOPA and ESMA) published their 
report in February 2021 which was finally adopted by the EC in April 2022 and are 
applicable from January 2023.  
The Corporate Sustainable Reporting Directive (CSRD), published by the Commission on 
21 April 2021, finally approved in December 2022 (with publication in the OJ), will review 
the existing Non-Financial Reporting Directive (“NFRD”) to reinforce disclosure 
obligations through mandatory reporting standards while broadening the application scope. 
The Directive proposes: 
 
an extension of scope to all large companies, all listed companies (except listed micro 
enterprises), non- EU companies with branches or subsidiaries in the EU above certain 
thresholds-undertakings); 
 
the requirement to specify in greater detail the information that companies should report 
(e.g., information about their strategy, targets, the role of the board and management, 
principal adverse impacts of the undertaking); 
 
the requirement to report against mandatory EU sustainability reporting standards; 
 
the requirement for an EU-wide audit (assurance) requirement for reported 
sustainability information, starting with limited assurance, later reasonable.  
 
the requirement to ensure all information is published as part of the firm’s management 
report and is disclosed in a digital, machine-readable format. 
The CSRD’s new sustainability reporting obligations will apply to financial years starting 
with 1 January 2024 (reporting in 2025), according to a three stages-timeline. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on 
Sustainable Finance, which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID 
2 Regulation. Starting from August 2022, the financial advisors are required to gather 
information about ESG preferences of clients and take them into consideration when 
providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial institutions are 
requested to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and 
operational processes.

--- Page 143 ---
143
On 6 July 2021, the Commission published its communication on the “Strategy for 
Financing the Transition to a Sustainable Economy” (the “Renewed Strategy”), which is a 
complementary strategy to the 2018 Sustainable Finance Action Plan. The Renewed 
Strategy focusses on management of financial risk by the financial sector, including a focus 
on taxonomy and disclosures. It identifies four main areas where additional actions are 
needed for the financial system to fully support the transition of the economy towards 
sustainability namely: i) financing the transition to sustainability (adoption of the 
Intermediate Taxonomy as well as the establishment of “significant harmful” and “non-
significant impact” taxonomies), ii) inclusiveness (extension of Taxonomy to social 
objectives. Publication of the Sustainable Corporate Governance and definition of green 
retail loans and green mortgages), iii) financial sector resilience and contribution to 
sustainability (incorporate ESG risk in the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process; 
regular climate change stress tests) and iv) global ambition. Alongside the Renewed 
Strategy the Commission published also a proposal for a regulation for a voluntary EU 
Green Bond Standard (EuGBs) with an aim to scale up and raise the environmental 
ambitions of the green bond market. 
Green Bond Standard. The Commission published its proposal for an EU Green Bond 
Standard (“EU GBS”) on 6 July 2021. The Regulation lays down the foundation for a 
common framework of rules regarding the use and designation of EU GBS for bonds that 
pursue environmentally sustainable objectives within the meaning of Taxonomy Regulation. 
The Regulation is mainly aimed at issuers who wish to use the voluntary EU GB standard. 
The political agreement was reached on 28 February 2023 and once formally adopted by 
both the European Parliament and the Council, the Regulation will enter into force 20 days 
after its publication in the OJ of the EU and will be applicable 12 months afterwards. 
The Regulation also sets up a system for registering and supervising companies that act as 
external reviewers for green bonds aligned with this framework. The negotiations are 
ongoing both in the European Parliament and in the Council. It is expected that the 
Regulation will be finalized by the end of 2022. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission 
adopted the Delegated Act on Article 8 under the EU Taxonomy Regulation which requires 
entities covered by the EU Non-Financial Reporting Directive (“NFRD”) to publish 
information on how and to what extent their activities are associated with economic 
activities that quality as “environmentally sustainable” under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
The application of the delegated act for financial institutions is limited in 2022 and 2023 to 
certain elements, while the remaining provision will apply from 1 January 2024 (e.g, the 
Green Asset Ratio). The disclosure of the information related with banks’ trading book 
exposures and fees and commissions for other commercial services will apply from 1 
January 2026. 
On 25 November 2021, as part of the CMU Action Plan, the Commission published the 
legislative proposal for the establishment of the European Single Access Point (“ESAP”), 
aimed to ensure public and free access to financial and sustainability-related information 
across the single market with a view to meet investors’ demand. The scope of data 
accessible via the ESAP will include information published by entities under existing EU 
financial services legislation, with a phased approach from 2024 till 2026. The ESAP will 
enable any entity, in particular SMEs, to file relevant information voluntarily. Entities are

--- Page 144 ---
144
expected to file the information only once to a collection body (for instance the Officially 
Appointed Mechanisms or an existing authority, at national or at European level). All the 
collection points will enable the ESAP to access that information via application 
programming interfaces (“APIs”). The European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) will be in charge of building, operating and governing the ESAP. The 
information will be available for free and in data extraction format, with an increasing 
amount of information made machine-readable in the long run. The ESAP proposal is 
entering in 1Q-2Q2023 the final stage of the legislative process (trilogues). 
On 24 January 2022, the EBA published their final drafts on the implementing technical 
standards (“ITS”) on Pillar 3 disclosures of ESG risks in accordance with Article 449a of 
the CRR. In defining the ITS, the EBA took into consideration the sequential approach 
followed by the European Commission (“EC”) for the disclosure obligations requested by 
Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy and proposed the disclosure of a Green Asset Ratio (“GAR”) 
for the exposures related to the NFRD companies starting from 2024, while it introduced a 
transition period until June 2024 for the disclosure of the Banking Book Taxonomy 
alignment Ratio (BTAR - dedicated to exposures towards SMEs and non-EU counterparties) 
and for the banks’ scope 3 emissions. EBA confirmed that will review the disclosure 
requirements in 2024 to extend them to the other four environmental objectives and to the 
trading book. On 17 October 2022, the EBA accepted the EC’s proposed changes on how 
BTAR should be disclosed by financial institutions to emphasise that: i) credit institutions 
may choose to disclose the information regarding their exposures towards SMEs and non-
EU counterparties instead of being required to report on a “best effort basis” and ii) that the 
collection of the information from the counterparties will be on a “voluntary basis” 
including that banks need to inform their counterparties about the voluntary nature of this 
request of information. The final standards are expected to be adopted by EC and published 
in the Official Journal by end of 2023. 
On 2 May 2022, EBA published the discussion paper on the role of environmental risks in 
the prudential framework, analysing the extent to which these risks are already reflected in 
the Pillar 1 own funds requirements via internal and external ratings, valuation of financial 
instruments and collateral or scenario analysis. EBA is of the view that a risk-based 
approach in assessing the risk profiles of exposures subject to environmental risks should be 
taken before proposing additional direct capital requirements and takes a cautious approach 
regarding the introduction of specific risk-weighted adjustment factors for green and carbon 
intensive exposures, advocating instead for targeted changes to internal models, external 
credit ratings and collateral re-evaluations. EBA is expected to publish the final report by 
June 2023 and the proposed measures to be implemented in the changes to CRR3. 
DIGITAL FINANCE  
On 24 September 2020, the European Commission published a Digital Finance Package 
with the main aim to support the EU digital transformation of finance in the coming years 
while regulating its risks. Four broad priorities will guide the EU’s initiatives to promote 
digital transformation until 2024 with associated actions (legislative and non-legislative) 
that the Commission would like to put forward in the next four years.

--- Page 145 ---
145
1) Removing fragmentation in the Digital Single Market: in June 2021, the Commission 
launched a legislative proposal aimed at creating a European Digital Identity which will 
be available to all EU citizens, residents, and businesses in the EU. The proposal builds 
on the existing cross-border legal framework for trusted digital identities, the European 
electronic identification and trust services initiative (eIDAS Regulation). Adopted in 
2014, it provides the basis for cross-border electronic identification, authentication and 
website certification within the EU. 
2) Adapting the EU regulatory framework to facilitate digital innovation: in September 
2020, the Commission proposed for the first time new legislation on crypto-assets, the 
so called “Markets in Crypto Assets” (“MiCA”) regulation to ensure clarity and legal 
certainty for issuers and providers of crypto assets that are not currently covered by 
current EU legislation. Safeguards include capital requirements. Issuers of significant 
crypto-assets (the so-called global "stablecoins") will be subject to stricter requirements 
(e.g. in terms of capital, investor rights and supervision). The legislative process is in its 
final stages, with a likely entry into force in Q2 2023. MiCA is currently expected to 
become effective in Q3 2024. The Commission also proposed a Regulation on a pilot 
regime for market infrastructures based on distributed ledger technology (DLT) (the 
“DLT Regulation”), which allows temporary derogations from existing rules, for 
market infrastructures interested in trading and settling transactions in financial 
instruments in crypto-asset form. The DLT Regulation entered into force in June 2022, 
with most of its provisions that are applicable from 23 March 2023. The DLT 
Regulation has been fully transposed into Italy by Law Decree no. 25 of 17 March 2023 
which also sets forth provisions aimed at allowing the issuance and transfer of financial 
instruments in a digital form. In April 2021, to facilitate digital innovation, the 
Commission also presented a proposal for a regulatory framework on Artificial 
Intelligence (“AI”) aimed both at promoting its development but also at managing its 
potential risks. 
3) Promoting data-driven innovation in finance: In coordination with the PSD2’s review 
and building on initiatives in the data strategy (Data Governance, Data Act and the 
Digital Markets Act as well the Digital Services Act), the EC will present a legislative 
proposal for a broader open finance framework in June 2023. The future framework 
is expected to propose rules on the rights of third-party providers to access clients’ data 
held by the financial sector which could include data on savings, securities, insurance 
and pension products. 
 
4) Addressing the challenges and risks associated with digital transformation: in 
September 2020, the Commission proposed a Digital Operational Resilience Act 
(“DORA”) to prevent and mitigate cyber threats and enhance oversight of outsourced 
services. The proposed legislation will require all interested firms to ensure that they 
can withstand all types of ICT related disruptions and threats and introduces an 
oversight framework for ICT providers, such as cloud computing service providers. The 
DORA entered into force in January 2023 and will become fully applicable in January 
2025. 
In addition to the legislative initiatives included in the Digital Finance package, it is worth 
mentioning another initiative with very important implications for the financial sector: the

--- Page 146 ---
146
increasingly probable introduction of a digital euro. The ECB is currently engaged in an 
investigation phase aimed at deciding whether to issue or not such virtual currency. In 
October 2023 the Governing Council could decide to start a realization phase to develop and 
test technical solutions and business arrangements for a digital euro. If approved, the ECB 
will work on implementation for another three years before launch. This means that the 
eurozone could be using a central bank-issued digital currency by 2027. The Commission 
will launch a legislative proposal on the topic in June 2023. The Commission’s officials said 
that the legislative initiative will address key issues such as disintermediation of banks and 
financial stability risks. 
OTHER RECENT SECURITIES MARKETS RELATED REGULATIONS 
On 25 November 2021, the Commission presented its official proposal for a Markets and 
Financial Instruments Regulation (“MiFIR”) review as part of a Capital Market Package 
including other legislative proposals (i.e., the creation of the European Single Access Point 
(“ESAP”) – see above - and a review of the European Long-Term Investment Funds 
(“ELTIFs”) Regulation). Regulation (EU) 2023/606 (the so-called ELTIFs II Regulation), 
specifically aimed at amending the ELTIFs Regulation as to the requirements pertaining to 
investment policies and operating conditions of ELTIFs, the scope of eligible investment 
assets, the portfolio composition, the diversification requirements and the borrowing of cash 
and other fund rules, was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 20 March 2023. The 
ELTIFs II Regulation entered into force on 9 April 2023, with most of its provisions that 
will apply from 10 January 2024. The EC MiFIR review aims at improving transparency 
and making the EU market infrastructure more competitive. The review is mainly focused 
on the establishment of an EU Consolidated Tape (“CT”) – a centralized database meant to 
provide a comprehensive view of market data - namely prices and volumes of traded 
securities across trading venues in the EU. In April 2023 the EU Parliament and EU Council 
started the final phase of the legislative process (trilogue) whose finalisation is expected not 
before 3Q2023. 
On 7 December 2022, the Commission published its proposal to further review the 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation (also known as EMIR 3.3) with the aim of 
reducing reliance from UK clearing houses and foster EU clearing attractiveness. The key 
part of the proposal is the introduction of the obligation for counterparties subject to the 
clearing obligation to hold an active account (AA) at an EU CCP, and clear with an EU CCP 
a portion of their trades of derivatives products considered of systemic importance to the EU 
or to one or more of its Member States (interest rate derivatives denominated in euro and 
Polish zloty, CDS denominated in euro and short-term interest Rate derivatives (STIR) 
denominated in euro). The Council and the EU Parliament started their discussions on the 
proposal in early 2023. 
Details of any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to 
an evaluation of the Issuer's solvency.

--- Page 147 ---
147
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Prospectus, UniCredit has been rated as follows: 
 
Rating Agencies 
Short 
Term 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Long 
Term 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Outlook 
Last update 
Fitch 
F2 
BBB 
stable 
29 November 2022 
S&P 
A-2 
BBB 
stable 
29 July 2022 
Moody's 
P-2 
Baa1 
negative 
9 August 2022 
 
During the validity of this Prospectus, the updated Issuer's ratings information which could 
occur, will be available from time to time on the Issuer's website, without prejudice to the 
obligations arising from Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to the drafting of 
a supplement. 
The rating agencies Fitch, S&P and Moody’s are established in the European Economic 
Area, are registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, 
and are included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities stating the main categories of products 
sold and/or services performed 
UniCredit is a pan-European Commercial Bank with a unique service offering in Italy, 
Germany, Central and Eastern Europe. UniCredit’s purpose is to empower communities to 
progress, delivering the high-quality services for all stakeholders, unlocking the potential of 
its clients and its people across Europe. UniCredit serves over 15 million customers 
worldwide. UniCredit is organized in five geographical areas (Business Divisions) and two 
product factories, Corporate and Individual Solutions.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Group geographic areas are: 
 
Italy as a standalone geography reflecting the critical importance of the country; 
 
Germany still focused on developing and growing business in the country; 
 
Central Europe (including Austria, Czech Republic and Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia);

--- Page 148 ---
148
 
Eastern Europe (including Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania, 
Serbia); 
 
Russia (starting from the first quarter of 2022, the Group's organizational structure has 
been updated by isolating activities in Russia12). 
This organization ensures Country and local Banks autonomy on specific activities granting 
proximity to the customers (for all client segment, Retail and Corporate) and efficient 
decisional processes. All standalone geographies of the Group have dedicated support 
functions such as: People and Culture, Finance, Digital & Information Office, and 
Operations. In addition, Compliance, Legal and Risk have established specific regional 
departments. 
Alongside Business Divisions there are: 
 
a Group Corporate Centre with the objective to lead, control and support the 
management of the assets and related risks of the Group as a whole and of the single 
Group companies in their respective areas of competence; it also includes the Group’s 
Legal Entities that are going to be dismissed; and 
 
the Non-Core segment, including non-strategic Italian assets and those with a poor fit to 
the Group’s risk-adjusted return framework; it is reported until full year 2021, date of its 
complete runoff. 
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position.  
No precise data about Issuer's competitive position are included in this Prospectus. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Brief description of the group and the Issuer's position within the group 
UniCredit is the parent company of the UniCredit Group and, in addition to banking 
activities, it carries out organic policy, governance and control functions vis à vis its 
subsidiary banking, financial and instrumental companies. 
UniCredit, as a bank which undertakes management and co-ordination activities for the 
UniCredit Group, pursuant to Article 61 of the Italian Banking Act issues, when exercising 
the management and co-ordination activities, instructions to the other members of the 
banking group to ensure compliance with supervisory regulations, including the 
implementation of general and specific measures laid down by the Supervisory Authorities 
in the interest of the banking group's stability. 
The following diagram illustrates the banking group companies as at 1 January 2023:  
 
12  Includes the local bank and legal entities, plus the cross-border exposure booked in UniCredit S.p.A.

--- Page 149 ---
149

--- Page 150 ---
150

--- Page 151 ---
151
Dependence upon other entities within the Group 
As at the date of this Prospectus, UniCredit is not dependent upon other entities 
within the Group and no individual or entity controls UniCredit within the meaning 
provided for in Article 93 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”). 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Names, business addresses and functions of the members of the Board of 
Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of the Issuer where these are significant 
with respect to the Issuer 
The board of directors (the “Board” or the “Board of Directors”) is elected by 
UniCredit shareholders at a general meeting for a three financial year term, unless a 
shorter term is established upon their appointment, and Directors may be re-elected. 
Under UniCredit Articles of Association, the Board is composed of between a 
minimum of 9 and a maximum of 24 members. 
The Board of Directors currently in office was appointed by the UniCredit Ordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting on 15 April 2021 for a term of three financial years and is 
composed of 12 members. The term in office of the current members of the Board 
will expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the financial 
statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2023. The members of the 
Board of Directors have been appointed on the basis of a proportional representation 
mechanism (“voto di lista”) and in compliance with the provisions on gender 
balance. 
The following table sets forth the current members of UniCredit's Board of 
Directors as at the date of this Prospectus, having regard also to the changes 
occurred in the composition of the Board after the abovementioned Ordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting. 
Name 
Position 
Pietro Carlo Padoan1-2-3 
Chairman 
Lamberto Andreotti1-2-3  
Deputy Vice Chairman 
Andrea Orcel 
Chief Executive Officer* 
Vincenzo Cariello1-2-3 
Director 
Elena Carletti1-2-3 
Director 
Jeffrey Alan Hedberg1-2-3 
Director 
Beatriz Lara Bartolomé1-2-3 
Director 
Luca Molinari1-2-3 
Director

--- Page 152 ---
152
Maria Pierdicchi1-2-3 
Director 
Francesca Tondi1-2-3 
Director 
Renate Wagner1-2 
Director 
Alexander Wolfgring1 
Director 
Notes: 
(1) 
Director that meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 148 of the Financial Services 
Act. 
(2) 
Director that meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 13 of the Treasury Decree no. 
169 dated November 23, 2020. 
(3) 
Director that meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 2, recommendation 7, of the 
Italian Corporate Governance Code.  
* 
Also elected as General Manager by the Board of Directors on 15 April 2021. 
The information on the Board of Directors and its updates are available on the 
UniCredit website, without prejudice to the obligations arising from Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation in relation to the drafting of a supplement. 
The business address for each of the foregoing Directors is in Milan, 20154, Piazza 
Gae Aulenti 3, Tower A. 
Other principal activities performed by the members of the Board which are 
significant with respect to UniCredit are listed below: 
Pietro Carlo Padoan 
 
Member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of ABI – 
Italian Banking Association  
 
Chairman of the Capital Markets Union technical Committee of ABI - 
Italian Banking Association  
 
Member of the Institut International d’Etudes Bancaires 
 
Chairman of the High Level Group on Financing Sustainability Transition 
 
Member of the European Financial Roundtable (EFR)  
 
Member of the European Banking Group (EBG) 
 
Member of the Executive Committee of FeBAF (Italian Banking, Insurance 
and Finance Federation) 
 
Member of the Executive Committee of Assonime  
 
Member of the Committee of Market Operators and Investors (COMI) 
 
Member of the Governing Council of the School for Economic and Social 
Politics (AISES) 
 
Member of the "Comitato Scientifico Osservatorio Banca Impresa 2030"

--- Page 153 ---
153
 
Member of the Board of Directors of International Monetary Conference  
 
Member of the Board of "Istituto Luigi Einaudi per gli Studi bancari, 
finanziari e assicurativi"  
 
Member of the Corporate Governance Committee of Borsa Italiana 
 
Member of the Board of the Institute of International Finance (IIF) 
 
Member of the FEPs High-Level Group on the New Global Deal 
 
Member of the Consiglio Generale of AIFI (Associazione Italiana del 
Private Equity, Venture Capital e Private Dept) 
 
Vice Chairman of IAI – Istituto Affari Internazionali 
 
Member of the Scientific Council of LUISS Think Tank Europe 
 
Honorary Board Member of Scope Foundation 
Lamberto Andreotti 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Corteva Agriscience  
 
Member of the Board of Directors of American Italian Cancer Foundation 
Andrea Orcel 
 
Non-executive Director of EIS Group Ltd 
Vincenzo Cariello 
 
Founding and Name Partner Studio Legale Professor Cariello 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of A2A S.p.A. 
Elena Carletti 
 
Full Professor of Finance, Bocconi University, Department of Finance 
 
Director of the “Banking, Finance and Regulation” Research Unit – 
Bocconi University 
 
Dean for Research – Bocconi University 
 
Chairperson of the European Finance Association (EFA) 
 
Director of Center for Economic Policy & Research 
 
Research Professor, Bundesbank 
 
Scientific Director, European University Institute, Florence School of 
Banking and Finance (FBF) 
 
Member of the Advisory Scientific Committee, European Systemic Risk 
Board (ESRB) - European System of Financial Supervision 
 
Member of Expert Panel on banking supervision, European Parliament

--- Page 154 ---
154
 
Member of the Scientific Committee, Bruegel 
Jeffrey Alan Hedberg 
 
Advisory Board Member of SDA Bocconi 
Beatriz Lara Bartolomé 
 
Sole Administrator of AHAOW 
 
Member of the Advisory Council of FINCOMUN MEXICO 
 
Business Angel & Senior Advisor at ZELEROS Hyperloop 
 
Investor & Senior Advisor at OPINNO 
 
Investor & Senior Advisor Bound4Blue 
 
Mentor at Startup Lab, International MBA, IE Business School 
Luca Molinari 
 
Head of Financial Services at Mubadala Investment Company 
 
Non-Executive Director at Sanad Group 
Maria Pierdicchi 
 
Non-Executive Board Member and Chair of Human Resources Committee 
of Autogrill S.p.A. 
 
Chairwoman and Board Member of NED COMMUNITY  
 
Board Member of Aidexa Holding (previously PBI S.p.A.) 
 
Board Member of HUBLAB Eccellenze d'impresa S.r.l. 
Francesca Tondi 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Piraeus Financial Holdings SA 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Piraeus Bank SA 
 
Leader of the Financial sector HUB – Climate governance initiative 
Renate Wagner 
 
Member of the Board of Management Allianz SE 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Holding Eins GmbH 
Alexander Wolfgring 
 
Member of the Board of Directors (Executive Director) of Privatstiftung zur 
Verwaltung von Anteilsrechten 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of AVZ GmbH 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Österreichisches Verkehrsbüro AG

--- Page 155 ---
155
 
Member of the Board of Directors of AVB Holding GmbH 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of API Besitz, GmbH 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Mischek Privatstiftung 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to the provisions of the UniCredit Articles of Association, the board of 
statutory auditors (the “Board of Statutory Auditors”) consists of five permanent 
statutory auditors, including a Chair, and four substitute statutory auditors. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors currently in office was appointed by the UniCredit 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting on 8 April 2022 for a term of three financial years 
and its members may be re-elected.  
The term in office of the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors will 
expire on the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the financial 
statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2024. 
The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors have been appointed on the basis 
of a proportional representation mechanism (“voto di lista”) and in compliance with 
the provisions on gender balance. 
The following table sets out the current members of UniCredit Board of Statutory 
Auditors as at the date of this Prospectus: 
 
Name 
Position 
Marco Rigotti 
Chairman 
Claudio Cacciamani 
Statutory Auditor 
Benedetta Navarra 
Statutory Auditor 
Guido Paolucci 
Statutory Auditor 
Antonella Bientinesi 
Statutory Auditor 
The information on the Board of Statutory Auditors and its updates are available on 
the UniCredit website, without prejudice to the obligations arising from Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to the drafting of a supplement.  
All of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors in office are enrolled with the 
Register of Chartered Accounting Auditors of the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance. The business address for each of the members of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors is in Milan, 20154, Piazza Gae Aulenti 3, Tower A.

--- Page 156 ---
156
Other principal activities performed by the Statutory Auditors of UniCredit which 
are significant for UniCredit are listed below: 
Marco Rigotti 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alisarda S.p.A. 
Claudio Cacciamani 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Confidi Parma S.C.p.A. 
 
Non-executive Director of Alicanto Capital SGR S.p.A. 
 
Non-executive Director of Carlyle Real Estate Società di Gestione del 
Risparmio S.p.A. 
 
Non-executive Director of CBRE Investment Management SGR S.p.A. 
 
Non-executive Director of Consultinvest S.p.A. 
 
Member of the Supervisory Committee of Banca Popolare di Garanzia in 
compulsory liquidation 
Benedetta Navarra 
 
Chairwoman of Audit Committee of UniCredit Bulbank A.D. 
 
Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of Italgas S.p.A. 
 
Member of the Board of Director of Cementir Holding N.V. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Atlantia S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
 
Chairwoman of the Supervisory Body pursuant to Legislative Decree 
231/2001 of Equitalia Giustizia S.p.A. 
 
Member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 
of Confcommercio imprese per I'Italia Provincia di Roma Capitale 
Guido Paolucci 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Ecofuel S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Raffineria di Gela S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of TIM San Marino S.p.A. 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Telefonia Mobile 
Sanmarinese S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Nuova Compagnia di Partecipazioni S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of HYLE Capital Partners SGR S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Consorzio CONOU

--- Page 157 ---
157
 
Statutory Auditor of Fondazione "Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza"  
Antonella Bientinesi 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Enel Erre S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of ACER Sede S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Enel Produzione S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Enel Green Power Solar Metehara S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Enel Green Power Solar Ngonye S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of CESI S.p.A. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Gridspertise S.r.l. 
 
Sole Auditor of Enel Green Power Matimba Newco 1 S.r.l. 
 
Statutory Auditor of Fondo Ambiente Italiano – FAI 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Prospectus, and to the best of UniCredit's knowledge, with 
regard to the members of the UniCredit Board of Directors and Board of Statutory 
Auditors there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer, arising 
from the office or position held within UniCredit, and their private interests and/or 
other duties. In UniCredit any conflict of interest is managed in accordance with the 
applicable procedures and in strict compliance with existing laws and regulations. 
Members of the UniCredit Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors must 
indeed comply with the following provisions aimed at regulating instances where 
there exists a specific interest concerning the implementation of an operation: 
 
Article 53 paragraph 4, of the Italian Banking Act, without prejudice to the 
obligations envisaged by paragraph 1 of Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, 
hereinafter quoted, sets forth the duty to abstain from voting for the Directors 
having a conflicting interest, on their own behalf or on behalf of a third party; 
 
Article 136 of the Italian Banking Act, which requires a special authorisation 
procedure (a unanimous decision by the supervisory body with the exclusion of 
the concerned officers' vote and the favourable vote of all members of the 
controlling body) should a bank enter into obligations of any kind or enter, 
directly or indirectly, into purchase or sale agreements with its corporate 
officers; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, which obliges directors to notify fellow 
directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors of any interest, on their own 
behalf or on behalf of a third party, that they may have, in a specific company 
transaction, with the concerned member of the Board of Directors having to 
abstain from carrying out the transaction if he/she is also the CEO; and

--- Page 158 ---
158
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 
dated 12 March 2010 (and subsequent updates) concerning transactions with 
related parties and the relevant communication no. 10078683 dated 24 
September 2010, as well as the provisions of the Bank of Italy Circular no 285 
dated 17 December 2013 (Part III - Chapter 11) concerning risk activities and 
conflicts of interest of banks and banking groups with associated persons 
(Supervisory Regulations for the banks). 
In accordance with the said latest provisions, UniCredit has adopted specific 
policies and procedures in order to ensure, between the others, the transparency and 
the material and procedural correctness of the transactions with related parties or 
with associated persons, directly or through controlled companies.  
For information on related-party transactions, please see Part H of the Notes to the 
consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2022, 
incorporated by reference herein. 
Notwithstanding the obligations of Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, UniCredit 
and its corporate bodies have adopted measures and procedures to ensure 
compliance with the provisions relating to transactions with its corporate officers, as 
well as transactions with related parties and associated persons. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Information related to the shareholder structure of the Issuer  
No individual or entity controls UniCredit within the meaning provided for in 
Article 93 of the Financial Services Act. 
As at 3 April 2023, the major shareholders who have disclosed that they hold, 
directly or indirectly, a relevant participation in UniCredit, pursuant to Article 120 
of the Financial Services Act, were: 
 
Major Shareholders* 
Ordinary Shares 
% owned 
BlackRock Group 
114,907,383 
5.921(1) 
Allianz Group 
69,622,203 
3.587 
(1) 
non-discretional asset management 
* The table shows the information notified by the shareholders pursuant to Article 120 of the Financial Services Act 
following the update disclosed on the CONSOB website on 3 April 2023. The percentages here indicated are 
calculated on the number of shares representing the share capital as of the date of this Prospectus, which takes into 
account the free capital increase registered on 27 February 2023. 
It should be noted that, in the cases provided for by the Issuers Regulations, management companies and qualified 
entities that have acquired, as part of their management activities, shareholdings less than 5 per cent. are not 
required to make disclosures.

--- Page 159 ---
159
The updated information concerning the major shareholders will be available from 
time to time on the Issuer’s website without prejudice to the obligations arising 
from Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to the drafting of a 
supplement. 
A description of any arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer  
As at the date of this Prospectus, as far as the Issuer is aware, there are no 
arrangements the operation of which, at a subsequent date, could result in a change 
in control of the Issuer. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The risks connected with pending legal proceedings have been duly examined by 
the Parent Company and each of the involved Subsidiaries (the “Companies”).  
As at 31 December 2022, the Companies were named as defendants in 58,117 legal 
proceedings, of which 7,983 involving the Parent Company UniCredit S.p.A. 
(excluding labour law cases, tax cases and credit recovery actions in which 
counterclaims were asserted or objections raised with regard to the credit claims of 
Group Companies).  
To provide for possible liabilities and costs that may result from pending legal 
proceedings (excluding labour law and tax cases), as of 31 December 2022, the 
UniCredit Group set aside a provision for risks and charges of Euro 620.97 million, 
of which Euro 296.2 million for the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. 
As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of claimed damages relating to judicial 
proceedings other than labour, tax and debt collections proceedings was Euro 7.5 
billion, of which approximately Euro 5.2 billion for the proceedings involving the 
parent company UniCredit S.p.A. This figure is affected by both the heterogeneous 
nature of the pending proceedings and the number of involved jurisdictions and 
their corresponding characteristics in which UniCredit Group companies are named 
as defendants. 
In a greater detail, it mainly deals with: 
Madoff 
The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and several of its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries (the “Companies”) have been sued in the wake of a Ponzi scheme 
perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff through his company Bernard L. Madoff 
Investments Securities LLC (“BLMIS”), which was exposed in December 2008. 
The Companies were principally connected with Madoff as investment manager 
and/or investment adviser for the Primeo Fund Ltd (now in liquidation) and other 
non-US funds of funds that had invested in other non-US funds with accounts at 
BLMIS.

--- Page 160 ---
160
Specifically, the Companies (together with a variety of other entities) were named 
as defendants in a variety of proceedings (both in the US and in non-US 
jurisdictions), for a total damage compensation claims of over $ 6 billion (to be later 
determined over the course of the proceedings). At present, most of the claims 
brought before US Courts and referring to the Companies have been rejected 
without any possibility of appeal or dismissal. However, the bankruptcy 
administrator of BLMIS (the “SIPA Trustee”) responsible for the Madoff’s 
company liquidation continues to pursue claims related to transfers of money made 
by BLMIS pre-bankruptcy to an affiliated company, BA Worldwide Fund 
Management Ltd (“BAWFM”), and other similarly situated parties. The potential 
claim for damages against BAWFM is non-material and, therefore, there are no 
specific risk profiles for the Companies.  
In addition, certain current or formerly affiliated persons named as defendants in a 
proceeding in the United States may seek indemnification from the Companies and 
its affiliated entities. 
As at 31 December 2022, there were several pending civil proceedings against 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG (“UCB Austria”) for the total claimed damages amount 
of Euro 4.8 million. While a large majority of the judgments have been favourable 
to UCB Austria, the impact of the remaining cases cannot be predicted with 
certainty, as the related future rulings may be adverse to UCB Austria. UCB Austria 
has made adequate provisions related to the Madoff’s matter. 
Proceedings arising out of the purchase of UniCredit Bank AG (UCB AG) by 
the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and the related Group reorganization 
Squeeze-out of UCB AG minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding) 
In 2008, approximately 300 former minority shareholders of UCB AG filed a 
request before the District Court of Munich to have a review of the price paid to 
them by the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., equal to Euro 38.26 per share, in the 
context of the squeeze out of minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding). The 
dispute mainly concerns the valuation of UCB AG, which is the basis for the 
calculation of the price to be paid to the former minority shareholders. On 22 June 
2022, the competent court in Munich rejected all applications for a higher 
compensation than that which the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. paid to the 
former minority shareholders of UCB AG hence dismissing all claims. Certain 
claimants have filed appeals. 
Squeeze-out of UCB Austria’s minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding) 
In 2008, approximately 70 former minority shareholders of UCB Austria 
commenced proceedings before the Commercial Court of Vienna claiming that the 
squeeze-out price paid to them, equal to Euro 129.4 per share, was inadequate, and 
asking the court to review the adequacy of the amount paid (Appraisal Proceeding). 
At present the proceeding is pending in the first instance. In parallel, three 
contentious proceedings in which plaintiffs claim damages are still pending, 
involving however only insignificant amounts in dispute.

--- Page 161 ---
161
Arbitration submitted by Fino 1 Securitization S.r.l. 
In July 2022 Fino 1 Securitization S.r.l. (“Fino 1”) commenced an ICC arbitration 
seeking damages in relation to, inter alia, the alleged breach of certain 
representations and warranties included in a transfer agreement for the sale of 
receivables entered into in 2017. The proceedings are ongoing. 
Euro-denominated bonds issued by EU countries 
On 31 January 2019, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and UCB AG received a 
Statement of Objections from the European Commission referring to the 
investigation by the European Commission of a suspected violation of antitrust rules 
in relation to European government bonds. The subject matter of the investigation 
extended to certain periods from 2007 to 2011 and included activities by UCB AG 
between September and November 2011. The European Commission concluded its 
investigation by issuance of its decision on 20 May 2021. The decision provides for 
the imposition of a fine of Euro 69.4 million on the parent company UniCredit 
S.p.A and UCB AG. The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and UCB AG contest the 
European Commission's findings and brought an action for the annulment of its 
decision before the General Court of the European Union on 30 July 2021. 
On 11 June 2019, UCB AG and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC were named, 
among other financial institutions, as defendants in a putative class action already 
pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. 
The third amended class action complaint, filed on 3 December 2019, alleges a 
conspiracy among dealers of Euro-denominated bonds issued by European central 
banks to fix and manipulate the prices of those bonds, among other things by 
widening the bid-ask spreads they quoted to customers.  
The putative class consists of those who purchased or sold Euro-denominated bonds 
issued by European central banks in the US between 2007 and 2012. On 23 July 
2020, the court granted motions to dismiss the third amended complaint by certain 
defendants, including UCB AG and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC, without 
prejudice. Plaintiffs filed their fourth amended class action complaint on 9 February 
2021, repleading their claim against UCB AG and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC 
and other financial institutions. Like earlier pleadings, the fourth amended class 
action complaint does not include a quantification of damages claimed. Exchange of 
correspondence concerning motions to dismiss the fourth amended complaint has 
been completed, and in June 2021 defendants have requested a pre-motion 
conference with the court. On 14 March 2022, the court granted UC Capital 
Markets LLC motion to dismiss while denying UCB AG’s motion to dismiss. The 
court has since denied UCB AG’s motion for reconsideration, UCB AG has 
answered the operative complaint and discovery has commenced. On 7 November 
2022, plaintiffs sought leave to file a fifth amended class action complaint, which 
would continue to name UCB AG among others (but not UniCredit Capital Markets 
LLC) as a defendant. 
Proceedings related to claims for Withholding Tax Credits

--- Page 162 ---
162
On 31 July 2014, the Supervisory Board of UCB AG concluded its internal 
investigation into the so-called “cum-ex” transactions (the short selling of equities 
around dividend dates and claims for withholding tax credits on German share 
dividends) at UCB AG.  
In this context, criminal investigations have been conducted against current or 
former employees of UCB AG and UCB AG itself as an ancillary party by the 
Prosecutors in Frankfurt am Main, Cologne and Munich. With respect to UCB AG, 
all proceedings originally initiated by the aforesaid prosecution offices were finally 
closed with payment of a fine or the payment of a forfeiture.  
In December 2018, in connection with an ongoing investigation against other 
financial institutions and former bank employees, the Cologne prosecutor informed 
UCB AG of the initiation of a new investigation in connection with an 
administrative offence regarding “cum-ex” transactions involving Exchange Traded 
Funds (ETF). In April 2019, these investigations were extended to so called Ex/Ex-
transactions, in which an involvement of the bank in the sourcing of cum/ex 
transactions of other market participants on the ex-day is suspected. The facts are 
being examined internally. UCB AG is cooperating with the Authorities. 
On 28 July 2021 the Federal Criminal Court ("BGH") rendered a decision through 
which the principle criminal liability of cum/ex structures was determined the first 
time. With its decisions of 6 April and 17 November 2022, the BGH confirmed two 
criminal judgments in other cum-ex cases of the Regional Court of Bonn, thus 
further solidifying its case law. UCB AG is monitoring the development. 
In December 2022, the Munich tax authorities completed a regular field audit of 
UCB AG for the years 2013 to 2016, which includes, among other things, a review 
of transactions in equities around the dividend record date (so called cum/cum 
transactions). During these years, UCB AG performed, among other things, 
securities-lending transactions with different domestic counterparties which include, 
but are not limited to, different types of cum/cum transactions. It remains to be 
clarified whether, and under what circumstances, tax credits can be obtained or 
taxes refunded with regard to different types of cum/cum transactions, and what the 
further consequences for the bank will be in the event of different tax treatment. It 
cannot be ruled out that UCB AG might be exposed to tax-claims in this respect by 
relevant tax-offices or third party claims under civil law. UCB AG is in constant 
communication with relevant regulatory authorities and the competent tax 
authorities regarding these matters. In this context, UCB AG is considering the 
latest view of the German Tax Authorities. UCB AG is also monitoring the current 
development following an important decision of the Federal Tax Court (BFH) dated 
29 September 2021, through which the BFH acknowledged the transfer of economic 
ownership in case of a stock loan transaction contrary to a previous decision. 
UCB AG has made provisions. 
Proceedings relating to certain forms of banking operations

--- Page 163 ---
163
The UniCredit group is named as a defendant in several proceedings in matters 
connected to its operations with clients, which are not specific to UniCredit group, 
rather affect the financial sector in general.  
In this regard, as at 31 December 2022 (i) proceedings against the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. pertaining to compound interest, typical of the Italian market, had 
a total claimed amount of Euro 1.02 billion, mediations included; (ii) proceedings 
pertaining to derivative products, mainly affecting the Italian market (for which the 
claimed amount against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. was Euro 366 million, 
mediations included) and the German market (for which the claimed amount against 
UCB AG was Euro 30 million); and (iii) proceedings relating to foreign currency 
loans, mainly affecting the CE&EE countries (for which the claimed amount was 
around Euro 180 million). 
The proceedings pertaining to compound interest mainly involve damages requests 
from clients arising from the alleged unlawfulness of the calculation methods of the 
amount of interest payable in connection with certain banking contracts. At present, 
the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. has made provisions that it deems appropriate 
for the risks associated with these claims. 
With regard to the litigation connected to derivative products, several financial 
institutions, including UniCredit group companies, entered into a number of 
derivative contracts, both with institutional and non-institutional investors. In 
Germany and in Italy there are a number of pending proceedings against certain 
Group companies that relate to derivative contracts concluded by both institutional 
and non-institutional investors. The filing of such litigations affects the financial 
sector generally and is not specific to the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and its 
Group companies. At present, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and the 
involved Group companies have made provisions deemed appropriate based on the 
best estimate of the impact which might derive from such proceedings. 
With respect to proceedings relating to foreign currency (FX) loans, in the last 
decade, a significant number of customers in the Central and Eastern Europe area 
took out these types of loans and mortgages denominated in a foreign currency. In a 
number of instances customers, or consumer associations acting on their behalf, 
have sought to renegotiate the terms of such FX loans and mortgages, including 
having the loan principal and associated interest payments redenominated in the 
local currency at the time that the loan was taken out, and floating rates 
retrospectively changed to fixed rates. In addition, in a number of countries 
legislation that impacts FX loans was proposed or implemented. These 
developments resulted in litigation against subsidiaries of the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. in a number of CE&EE countries including Croatia, Slovenia and 
Serbia. 
In 2015, the Republic of Croatia enacted amendments to the Consumer Lending Act 
and Credit Institutions Act mandating the conversion with retroactive effect of 
Swiss franc (CHF)-linked loans into Euro-linked (the “Conversion Amendments”).

--- Page 164 ---
164
In 2019, the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia ruled that the CHF currency 
clause contained in certain loan and mortgage documentation was invalid. 
Accordingly, in the course of 2019, court decisions, recent court practice related to 
FX matters along with the expiration of the statute of limitation for filing individual 
lawsuits in respect of the invalidity of the interest rate clause, led to a significant 
increase in the number of new lawsuits against Zagrebačka Banka (“Zaba”). In 
March 2020, the Supreme Court ruled that agreements entered into following the 
Conversion Amendments whereby customers converted their CHF mortgages and/or 
loans into EUR are valid and accordingly no additional payments are due. In May 
2022, the ECJ rendered a preliminary ruling regarding the pending request and 
stated that i) the ECJ has jurisdiction only in respect to the conversion agreement 
concluded after Croatia's accession to the EU, ii) the Directive on unfair terms in 
consumer contracts is not applicable in cases in which the conversion was based on 
national law; and iii) any request for payment of amounts addressed to Zaba 
referring to the unfair contractual terms of the original loan agreement cannot be 
based on the provisions of the above-mentioned Directive. The ECJ also referred to 
the local courts to finally decide on the conversion agreements and their effects. In 
March 2021 the Constitutional Court rejected Zaba’s application related to the 
invalidity of the Swiss franc currency clause. In December 2022, the Supreme Court 
ruled that customers who converted under the Conversion Amendments are entitled 
to the penalty interest on their overpayments before the conversion (overpayments 
are the difference between the Swiss-franc denominated annuities paid before the 
conversion and annuities that would have been paid if the loan was euro 
denominated). In light of the above, provisions have been booked which are deemed 
appropriate. 
VIP 4 Medienfonds 
Various investors in Film & Entertainment VIP Medienfonds 4 GmbH & Co. KG to 
whom UCB AG issued loans to finance their participation, brought legal 
proceedings against UCB AG. In the context of the conclusion of the loan 
agreements, the plaintiffs claim that the Bank provided inadequate disclosure about 
the fund structure and the related tax consequences. A settlement was reached with 
the vast majority of the plaintiffs. An outstanding final decision with respect to the 
question of UCB AG's liability for the prospectus in the proceeding pursuant to the 
Capital Markets Test Case Act (Kapitalanleger-Musterverfahrensgesetz) which is 
pending at Munich Higher Regional Court, will affect only a few pending cases. 
Claims in relation to a syndicated loan 
UCB AG, together with several other financial institutions, has been named as a 
defendant in complaints filed by the judicial administrator and foreign 
representative of a Brazilian oil and gas conglomerate in July 2021 in the United 
States before the Southern District of New York court claiming damages in 
connection with the repayment of a syndicated loan for two oil drilling rigs UCB 
AG participated in that defendants are alleged to have unlawfully obtained. 
Vanderbilt related litigations

--- Page 165 ---
165
Claims brought or threatened by or on behalf of the State of New Mexico or 
any of its agencies or funds 
Vanderbilt Financial LLC (“VCA”) related litigations, where Pioneer Investment 
Management USA Inc., Pioneer Global Asset Management S.p.A. (PGAM), at the 
time controlled by UniCredit S.p.A. and incorporated by the latter in 2017, and the 
parent company UniCredit S.p.A. (the “Defendants”) were named as additional 
defendants by virtue of their corporate affiliation with VCA, including in legal 
proceedings brought by a former employee of the State of New Mexico (the “Public 
Authority”), who claimed to act as representative of the Public Authority for the 
losses suffered by the State of New Mexico during the 2006-08 market downturn on 
investments managed by VCA (mainly CDOs). The total amount of losses claimed 
in those proceedings is approximately $365 million. In 2012, the Defendants 
reached a settlement agreement for an amount of $24.25 million and the settlement 
amount was deposited into escrow at the beginning of 2013. In the second half of 
2022, the settlement was implemented, the escrowed amount was paid over to the 
State of New Mexico and the Defendants, including UniCredit S.p.A., have all been 
released from all the claims that were or could have been brought by or on behalf of 
the State or any of its agencies or funds. 
Alpine Holding GmbH 
Legal proceedings against UCB Austria arose from bondholders’ claims commenced 
in June/July 2013. The claims stemmed from the insolvency of Alpine Holding 
GmbH, as UCB Austria acted as joint lead manager, together with another bank, for 
the undertaking of Alpine Holding GmbH bond issues in 2010 and 2011. 
Bondholders’ claims are mainly referred to prospectus liability of the joint lead 
manager, whereas a minority of the cases is based on misselling due to allegedly 
unlawful investment advice. The damage claims amount to Euro 18.7 million in 
total. These proceedings are mainly pending in the first instance and may be adverse 
to UCB Austria.  
Meanwhile, the expert appointed by the Court in the majority of the civil 
proceedings has issued a report largely in favour of UCB Austria and the other 
issuing banks. Investors have a different reading of the report and have requested 
that the expert answers supplementary questions, as did the issuing banks. The 
processing of the supplementary questions is still pending. Therefore, the final 
outcome of the expert report cannot be assessed as of yet. 
In addition to the ongoing proceedings against UCB Austria stemming from the 
Alpine insolvency, additional Alpine-related actions have been threatened and may 
be filed in the future. The pending or future actions may have negative 
consequences for UCB Austria. Despite the favourable expert opinion mentioned 
above, at the moment it is impossible to estimate reliably the timing and results of 
the various actions, nor determine the level of liability, if any. 
Bitminer Litigation in the Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina

--- Page 166 ---
166
In 2019, a local customer, Bitminer Factory d.o.o. Gradiška (Bitminer), filed a 
lawsuit before the District Commercial Court in Banja Luka claiming damages for 
unjustified termination of its current bank accounts by UniCredit Bank a.d. Banja 
Luka (“UCBL”), a subsidiary of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in Bosnia 
and Herzegovina, Republic of Srpska. Bitminer alleged that termination of the 
accounts obstructed its initial coin offering (ICO) relating to a start-up renewable-
energy-powered cryptocurrency mining project in Bosnia and Herzegovina.  
On 30 December 2021, the first instance court adopted most of Bitminer's claims 
and ordered UCBL to pay damages in the amount of BAM 256,326,152 
(approximately Euro 131.2 million). The appeal was filed in January 2022. The first 
instance court decision is not final, binding and enforceable. The ultimate liability 
of UCBL, if any, will be determined only after all ordinary legal remedies have been 
exhausted, and in any case not before the final and binding decision of the appellate 
court. 
Lawsuit brought by “Paolo Bolici” 
In May 2014, the company wholly owned by Paolo Bolici sued the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. in the Court of Rome asking for the return of approximately Euro 
12 million for compound interest (including alleged usury component) and Euro 
400 million for damages. The company then went bankrupt. The parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. won the case in the first instance and the appeal is pending. 
On 31 July 2020, Mr. Bolici’s business partner sued the parent company UniCredit 
S.p.A., seeking damages based on analogous facts to those alleged in the 2014 
proceedings. The Court ruled in favour of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. The 
appeal filed by the other party is pending. 
Mazza 
In 2005 the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. filed a criminal complaint against a 
Notary, Mr. Mazza, representatives of certain companies and disloyal employees of 
the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in relation to unlawful lending transactions in 
favour of certain clients for approximately Euro 84 million. The criminal court of 
first instance acquitted the defendants.  
The Court of Appeal of Rome reversed this decision and found all the defendants 
guilty. Following a further appeal, while stating that some accusations were time-
barred, the Supreme Court confirmed the decisions of the Court of Appeal in respect 
of the damages sought by the Bank. In May 2022, the insurance company 
indemnified the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. under the applicable policy, 
paying an amount of Euro 33.5 million in relation to the losses suffered by the bank. 
Following the acquittal in the first-instance criminal proceedings, Mr. Mazza and 
other persons involved in the criminal proceedings filed two lawsuits for 
compensation claims against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A.: (i) the first 
(commenced by Mr. Mazza with a claimed amount of approximately Euro 15 
million) was won by the Bank at first-instance and the judgment is now final; (ii) in 
the second (commenced by Como S.r.l. and Mr. Colella with a claimed amount of

--- Page 167 ---
167
approximately Euro 379 million) case the Court of Rome ruled in favour of the 
parent company UniCredit S.p.A. The plaintiffs have appealed and reduced the 
claimed amount to Euro 100 million. 
Criminal proceedings 
Certain entities within UniCredit Group and certain of its representatives (including 
those no longer in office), are involved in various criminal proceedings and/or, as 
far as the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. is aware, are under investigation by the 
competent authorities with regard to various cases linked to banking transactions.  
At present, these criminal proceedings have had no significant negative impact on 
the operating results and capital and financial position of the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. and/or the Group, however there is a risk that, if the parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or other UniCredit Group entities or their 
representatives (including those no longer in office) were to be convicted, these 
events could have an impact on the reputation of the parent company UniCredit 
S.p.A. and/or UniCredit Group. 
In relation to the criminal proceedings relating to the diamond offer, see the 
following paragraph "Diamond offer". 
Labour-related litigation 
UniCredit S.p.A. is party to a number of employment law disputes. In general, all 
employment law disputes are supported by provisions made to meet any 
disbursements incurred and, in any case, UniCredit does not believe that any 
liabilities related to the outcome of the pending proceedings could have a significant 
impact on its economic and/or financial condition. 
Lawsuits filed against UniCredit S.p.A. by members of the former Cassa di 
Risparmio di Roma Fund 
Lawsuits have been brought against UniCredit S.p.A. by members of the former 
Cassa di Risparmio di Roma Fund. These lawsuits are now pending before the 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) after two degree decisions favourable 
to UniCredit S.p.A. The main claim is a request that the funding levels of the former 
Cassa di Risparmio di Roma Fund be restored and that the individual social security 
accounts of each member be assessed and quantified. With reference to the main 
claim, the relief sought is estimated at Euro 384 million. 
No provisions were made as these actions are considered to be unfounded. 
Diamond offer 
Over the years, within the diversification of investments to which the available 
assets are addressed and also considering in this context those investments with the 
characteristics of the so-called "safe haven" with a long-term horizon, several 
UniCredit S.p.A.’s customers have historically invested in diamonds through a 
specialised intermediary company, with which the Bank has stipulated, since 1998,

--- Page 168 ---
168
a collaboration agreement as "Introducer", in order to regulate the "reporting" 
methods of the offer of diamonds by the same company to UniCredit customers.  
Since the end of 2016, the liquidity available on the market to meet the requests of 
customers who intended to divest their diamond assets has contracted to a certain 
extent until it became nil, with the suspension of the service by the brokerage 
company.  
In 2017 UniCredit started a "customer care" initiative which envisaged the 
availability of the Bank to intervene for the acknowledgement towards the customer 
of the original cost incurred for the purchase of precious items and the consequent 
withdrawal of the stones, upon certain conditions.  
The initiative has been adopted assessing the absence of responsibility for its role as 
"Introducer"; nevertheless, the AGCM ascertained UniCredit’s responsibility for 
unfair commercial practice (confirmed in appeal by the Administrative Regional 
Court in the second half of 2018), imposing, in 2017, a fine of Euro 4 million paid 
in the same year. Following the appeal filed by UniCredit against such ruling, the 
Administrative Tribunal in second instance reduced the fine imposed on UniCredit 
to Euro 2.8 million. 
On 8 March 2018, a specific communication was issued from Banca d’Italia 
concerning the "Related activities exercisable by banks", in which large attention 
was given to the reporting at the bank branches of operations, purchase and sale of 
diamonds by specialised third-party companies.  
In order to cope with the probable risks of loss related to the repurchases of 
diamonds, a dedicated Provision for risks and charges was set up; its quantification 
was also based on the outcome of an independent study (commissioned to a primary 
third company) aiming at evaluating the diamonds’ value. Finally, in line with a 
strategy that envisages its disposal in the short term, the gems purchased are 
recognised for about Euro 54 million in item “120. Other assets” of the balance 
sheet.  
On 19 February 2019, the judge in charge of the preliminary investigation at the 
Court of Milan issued an interim seizure directed to UniCredit and other financial 
institutions aimed at: (i) direct confiscation of the amount of Euro 33 million against 
UniCredit for the offence of aggravated fraud and (ii) indirect as well as direct 
confiscation of the amount of Euro 72 thousand for the offence of self-laundering 
against UniCredit. From the seizure order it emerges that investigations for the 
administrative offence under Article No. 25-octies of Legislative Decree No. 
231/2001 are pending against UniCredit for the crime of self-laundering.  
On 2 October 2019, the Bank and certain individuals received the notice of 
conclusion of the investigations pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Italian Code of 
criminal procedure. The notice confirmed the involvement of certain current and 
former employees for the offence of aggravated fraud and self-laundering. With 
regard to the latter, self-laundering serves as a predicate crime for the administrative 
liability of the Bank under Legislative Decree No.231/2001.

--- Page 169 ---
169
In September 2020, a new notice pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Italian Code of 
Criminal Procedure was served on certain individuals already involved in the 
proceedings. The allegations against the UniCredit individuals only pertain to the 
offence of fraud. Such new allegations do not modify the overall investigative 
framework as per the notice served in the autumn of 2019. In June 2021 the public 
prosecutor issued the formal request of indictment against certain current and 
former employees. The case was transferred to the Prosecution Office of Trieste 
following jurisdiction challenges made by the suspected individuals. The case, 
which had reached the preliminary hearing phase, got back to the investigations 
stage. The interim seizures of Euro 33 million and Euro 72 thousand ordered in 
February 2019 have been lifted. 
In February 2023, the Prosecution Office of Trieste requested the dismissal of the 
case against the individuals and dismissed the case against the Bank with reference 
to the charge of self-laundering. The measure has been approved by the General 
Prosecution Office at the Court of Appeal of Trieste, so the investigation against the 
Bank is formally concluded. The Judge for the Preliminary Investigations then 
formally dismissed the case, accepting the Prosecutor's request.  
The file will be sent back to Prosecution Office of Milan in relation to the charges 
of fraud against the individuals. 
As far as the customer care initiative is concerned, at 31 December 2022, UniCredit 
received reimbursement requests for a total amount of about Euro 413 million (cost 
originally incurred by the Clients) from No. 12,381 Customers; according to a 
preliminary analysis, such requests fulfill the requirements envisaged by the 
"customer care" initiative; the finalisation of the reimbursement requests is currently 
carried out, aimed at assessing their effective compliance with the "customer care" 
initiative, and then proceed with the settlement where conditions recur; with 
reference to the scope outlined above (Euro 413 million), UniCredit reimbursed No. 
11,906 customers for about Euro 404 million (equivalent value of original 
purchases), equal to about 98 per cent. of the reimbursement requests said above. 
Proceedings related to Tax matters 
Pending cases arising during the period 
The increase of new cases is not relevant, both in terms of value and in principle. 
Updates on pending disputes and tax audits 
With reference to 31 December 2022, the following information is reported. 
 
The dispute started by UniCredit S.p.A. as Palmaria S.c.r.l. assignee against the 
silent-reject Tax Authority Agrigento for tax credit from 770 model year 1992 of 
Cassa Rurale di Palma di Montechiaro – total value Euro 0.68 million for 
capital: the Supreme Court with definitive decision dated 31 January 2022 
accepted the appeal by Avvocatura dello Stato providing the referral of the 
dispute at the second-degree Tax Court; UniCredit will continue the proceeding 
in terms of law.

--- Page 170 ---
170
 
The dispute started by the bank following the denial of refund for TARSU fiscal 
year 2008 of former Banco di Sicilia – total value Euro 0.67 million: on 27 
January 2022 the second-degree Tax Court Sicilia filed the decision recognizing 
the right to the refund. The terms of law for appealing the sentence by Tax 
Authority at the Supreme Court are ongoing; UniCredit will continue the 
proceeding in terms of law. 
 
The appeal for compliance with the order of the Supreme Court filed on 15 June 
2021 which recognized the bank's right to refund of the registration fee unduly 
paid, value Euro 1.7 million: the bank enrolled the dispute before the second-
degree Tax Court Sicilia on 10 March 2022. 
 
The dispute relating to payment tax orders, notified on 26 January 2021 for 
COSAP (fee for the occupation of public ground), value Euro 0.12 million: in 
relation to one of the three positions, the hearing for the examination was held 
on 17 May 2022 of the preliminary requests (the hearing for the closing 
argument requests was set for 18 April 2023). 
 
The dispute started by the bank following a tax notice for incorrect application 
of registration fee, value Euro 0.07 million: it was discussed on 10 June 2022; 
UniCredit is waiting for the issue of judgement. 
 
The dispute started by the bank following the partial denial of the IRES refund 
related to fiscal years 2007, 2008 and 2009, value Euro 1.9 million: the bank on 
16 May 2022 filed an appeal against the unfavorable decision of the first-degree 
Tax Court Milano. 
 
The dispute started by former Cassa di Risparmio di Torino (now UniCredit 
S.p.A.) against the silent-reject of a refund request for ILOR credit fiscal year 
1984 – total value Euro 1.6 million: the bank has decided to reassume the 
judgment before the second-degree Tax Court Piemonte; the dispute has been 
filed by end of July by Lawyer in charge. 
With reference to the settlement of tax litigations, the following information is 
reported: 
 
Passive dispute: relating to registration fee on judicial documents, total value 
Euro 1.2 million: the Supreme Court, with a statement filed on 31 March 2022, 
definitively rejected the appeal of Avvocatura dello Stato. The Bank will also 
proceed to recover the legal fees settled in its favor. 
 
Active dispute: introduced by the former Cassa di Risparmio di Torino (now 
UniCredit S.p.A.) against the silent denial formed on refund request for IRPEG 
credit fiscal year 1984, value Euro 1.85 million (capital share). The Supreme 
Court, with a definitive judgement filed on 23 May 2022, statued the refund’s 
right for the bank. 
 
Passive dispute: introduced against the tax notice for register fee of judicial 
documents, value 0.28 million. The second-degree Tax Court Lazio with a 
definitive judgment on 2 June 2022, annulled the tax notice, confirming the

--- Page 171 ---
171
first-grade Tax Court decision. The bank will send a request refund for the fee 
already paid. 
With regard to a set of No. 6 litigations concerning tax refund claims filed by Banca 
Farmafactoring S.p.A. and referred to UniCredit S.p.A. following the exercise by 
Banca Farmafactoring of the right to transfer back the receivables previously 
transferred to it by UniCredit S.p.A., the following is reported: 
 
Cassa di Risparmio Reggio Emilia’s credit: the pending dispute only concerns 
the refund of a share of interest totaling Euro 0.31 million: the bank is about to 
submitting a new refund request claim to the Tax Authorities; if this new request 
will be denied, the denial will be challenged before the Tax Court; 
 
Cassa di Risparmio Reggio Emilia’s credit: refund totaling Euro 1.89 million 
for IRPEG 1989 and related interest, totaling Euro 1.81 million: on 26 April 
2022 the Bank notified to Avvocatura dello Stato his defensing appeal with 
conditional request. 
 
Bonifiche Siele Finanziaria S.p.A.’s credit: refund of Euro 0.47 million for 
IRPEG 1992 and related interest of Euro 0.38 million: the case is pending in 
second-degree Tax Court Lazio; the appeal was set by Banca Farma Factoring 
(BFF). 
 
Romaleasing S.p.A.’s credit: refund of Euro 0.17 million (and interest 0.16 
million) for ILOR fiscal year 1991 and Euro 0.23 million (and interest of Euro 
0.18 million) for the IRPEG fiscal year 1993: the case is pending before the 
second-degree Tax Court Lazio; the appeal was set by BFF. 
 
Banca Mediterranea S.p.A.’s credit: IRPEG refund for fiscal years 1994-1997 
and ILOR for fiscal year 1996, value Euro 31 million for tax and interest: the 
hearing has been further postponed to 24 June 2022. UniCredit is waiting for 
the issue of judgement. 
 
Banca di Roma S.p.A.’s credit: refund IRPEG fiscal year 1997: total value Euro 
43.45 million (28,69 million for tax capita and Euro 14.76 million for interest): 
the case is pending in front of the second-degree Tax Court; the appeal was set 
by UniCredit S.p.A. in September 2020. The court hearing has not yet been set. 
Concerning the Tax Audit involving UniCredit Leasing S.p.A for VAT fiscal years 
2016-2017, with reference to the 2017 tax period, Guardia di Finanza has concluded 
the verification activity for both IRES and VAT purposes and on 7 April 2022, it 
notified the report of findings: 
For IRES purposes, the outcome of the verification is regular. 
For VAT purposes, the irregularity for 0.38 million was highlighted, relating to 
invoices of customers, however acknowledging the “bona fide” of the bank. 
Prudently UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. allocated 0,96 million to the provision for risks 
and charges. 
Proceedings connected with Supervisory Authority Measures

--- Page 172 ---
172
UniCredit Group is subject to complex regulation and supervision by, inter alia, the 
Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the EBA, the ECB within the European System of Central 
Banks (“ESCB”), as well as other supervisory authorities. In this context, the 
UniCredit Group is subject to normal supervision by the competent authorities. 
Some supervisory actions and investigations in progress at the date of this 
Prospectus may result in charges of alleged irregularities, but currently the Group 
does not expect any proceeding which could have relevant effects on the financial 
situation or profitability of the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, on 5 February 2020, the Italian Personal Data 
Protection Authority notified UniCredit S.p.A. of the start of sanctioning 
proceedings regarding a violation of customers' personal data following a Cyber-
attack (data breach) occurred in October 2018, communicated through its Group 
website on 22 October 2018. As required by the “Italian personal data protection 
Code” (Article 166, paragraph 6, of Legislative Decree 196/03) the Bank has 
presented its statement of defence on the matter and requested a hearing with the 
Authority to explain its arguments, held in the end of September 2020. It is 
currently not possible to define the timeline and outcome of the proceedings. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Except for the ordinary course of business, UniCredit has not entered into any 
material contract which could result in any group member being under an obligation 
or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to 
security holders in respect of the securities being issued.

--- Page 173 ---
173
 DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – THE CREDIT AND 
COLLECTION POLICIES 
Set out below is an overview of the criteria on the basis of which the assets which 
may be transferred to the OBG Guarantor will be selected and the main features of 
the credit and collection policies adopted by the Seller for the granting and 
servicing of the Mortgage Loans. Prospective OBG Holders may inspect a copy of 
the credit and collection policies upon request at the registered office of the OBG 
Guarantor, the Seller and at the Specified Offices of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
For a description of the obligations undertaken by UniCredit S.p.A. under the 
Servicing Agreement, see “Description of the Transaction Documents -Description 
of the Servicing Agreement” below. For a description of the representations and 
warranties given and the obligations undertaken by UniCredit S.p.A. under the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents -Description of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” below. 
THE PORTFOLIO 
In accordance with the Law 130, pursuant to the OBG Guarantee, the OBG Holders 
will benefit from a guarantee issued by the OBG Guarantor over a portfolio of 
receivables transferred or to be transferred by the Seller and the Additional Sellers 
(if any), arising from some or all of the following assets:  
(i) in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, lett (d) of Regulation (EU) 
575/2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2160/2019 (the “CRR”), mortgage 
receivables secured by residential real estate assets, provided that the relevant 
real estate asset is located in an Admitted State (as defined below) (the 
“Residential Mortgage Receivables”);  
(ii) in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (f) of the CRR, mortgage 
receivables secured by non residential real estate assets, provided that the 
relevant real estate asset is located in an Admitted State (as defined below) (the 
“Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables” and, together with the Residential 
Mortgage Receivables, the “Mortgage Receivables”); and 
(iii) securities satisfying the requirements set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, 
letter (a) and letter (b) of the CRR (as defined below) (the “Public Securities” 
and, together with the Mortgage Receivables, the “Assets”, and, within certain 
limits, the Integration Assets (as defined below) and the Liquid Assets (as 
defined below). The Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets are 
jointly referred to as the “Portfolio”). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Portfolio consists only of Residential Mortgage 
Loans transferred by the Seller to the OBG Guarantor in accordance with the terms 
of the Master Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under “Description of 
the Transaction Documents – Master Transfer Agreement”, below. 
The Portfolio has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to 
service any payment due and payable on the OBG.

--- Page 174 ---
174
Each of the Mortgage Receivables comprised in the Portfolio shall comply with the 
following general criteria (the “General Criteria ”) as at the relevant Evaluation 
Date (to be deemed cumulative unless otherwise provided) (or at such other date 
specified below): 
(i) mortgage loans in respect of which the ratio between loan’s outstanding 
principal on the Evaluation Date and the value of the real estate upon which the 
guarantee has been created, calculated on the Execution Date or on the date of 
the apportionment (frazionamento) in case of loans arising from the 
apportionment (frazionamento) of a prior quota loan, is: 
(a) 
equal to or lower than 80 per cent. in case of Residential Mortgage 
Loans, or 
(b) 
equal to or lower than 60 per cent. in case of Non-Residential 
Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) loans in respect of which the principal debtors (including further to a novation 
(accollo liberatorio) and/or apportionment (frazionamento)) are: 
(a) 
in case of Residential Mortgage Loans, one or more individuals 
(including individuals whose loan was granted in their capacity as 
owners of sole proprietorships or members of de facto companies 
resident in Italy, according to what is indicated in the last 
communication received by UniCredit S.p.A. from the relevant debtor) 
or one or more entities, of which at least one having his residence in 
Italy or, as applicable, its corporate seat in Italy; or  
(b) 
in case of Non-Residential Mortgage Loans, one or more entities 
(incorporated in the form of a general partnership, limited partnership, 
limited liability company, joint stock company, limited liability 
cooperative company, limited liability partnership, or consortium, 
simple partnership, professional firm, or association), of which at least 
one having its corporate seat in Italy or one or more individuals in their 
capacity of entrepreneurs of which at least one having its residence in 
Italy; 
(iii) loans secured by a mortgage on real estates located in Italy and insured against 
the risk of damage and in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di 
consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage is elapsed on the 
Evaluation Date o prior to it; 
(iv) loans which are governed by Italian law; and 
(v) loans denominated in Euro (or originally disbursed in a different currency and 
subsequently re-denominated in Euro); 
(vi) loans having at least one instalment (even an only interest one) fallen due and 
paid;

--- Page 175 ---
175
(vii) in case of Residential Mortgage Loans, loans whose residual tenor is not in 
excess of 30 years or in case of Non-Residential Mortgage Loans, loans whose 
residual tenor is not in excess of 25 years. 
The Portfolio does not include Mortgage Receivables arising from: 
(i) loans granted to, or secured by, a public administration entity (ente pubblico); 
(ii) loans granted to an ecclesiastic entity (ente ecclesiastico); or  
(iii) loans which were classified as agricultural credit (mutui agrari) pursuant to 
Article 43 ofthe Banking Law, as at the relevant Execution Date; 
The Mortgage Receivables to be comprised in the Portfolio shall comply also with 
the Specific Criteria in addition to the General Criteria. 
“Admitted States” means any States belonging to the European Economic Space 
and Switzerland. 
“Integration Assets” means the following assets that, pursuant to article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR, may be sold to the OBG Guarantor within the 
limits set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1a, of the CRR: 
(i) 
deposits with banks which qualify as Eligible Institutions; and 
(ii) 
securities issued by banks which qualify as Eligible Institutions residing in 
Eligible States with residual maturity not greater than one year,  
provided that such assets shall comply with the requirements set out under Article 
129 of the CRR. 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, 
letter a) and letter b), of the Law 130, provided that such assets satisfy the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 129 of the CRR and 
qualify as Eligible Investments. 
“Eligible Institutions” means any banks in relation to which, on any given date, its 
long term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations and its 
short term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at 
least as high as the long-term rating and short-term rating specified in column 2 of 
the table below corresponding to the category of the OBG as at the same day as 
specified in column 1 of the table below, provided however that if the OBG has 
been downgraded as a result of the downgrading of the relevant bank reference must 
be made to the category of the OBG as specified in column 1 of the table below 
immediately prior to such downgrade. 
Column 1 
Column 2 
Category of the OBG 
Long-term rating and 
short-term rating 
Aaa 
A3 and P-1 
Aa1 
Baa1 and P-2

--- Page 176 ---
176
Aa2 
Baa2 and P-2 
Aa3 
Baa3 and P-3 
A1 
Baa3 and P-3 
 
“Eligible States” means any States belonging to the European Economic Space, 
Switzerland and any other state attracting a zero per cent. risk weight factor under 
the “standard approach” provided for by the Basel III rules. 
“Execution Date” means the date on which the relevant loan agreement has been 
executed, without taking into account potential accolli or restructuring or 
frazionamenti that have been executed after such date. 
“Non-Residential Mortgage Loans” means those mortgage loans which, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the CRR, are secured over a non-residential property and located in 
an Admitted State. 
“Residential Mortgage Loans” means those mortgage loans which, pursuant to 
Article 129 of the CRR, are secured over a residential property and located in an 
Admitted State. 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the Mortgage Receivables 
to be included in the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, as set forth in 
annex 2 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial Portfolio and in the 
relevant transfer agreement for sale of each further portfolio of Mortgage 
Receivables. 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
THE CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 
Non-Residential Mortgage Loans 
The terms set out below with a capital letter and not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the same meaning as in the Servicing Agreement. 
Process of assessment and disbursement 
The process of assessment of the creditworthiness and disbursement of loans to the 
business customers is managed through a dedicated application based on statistical 
scores which reworks in an ordered and articulated way the information that the 
Seller has on the company applying for a loan, on its competitors, and the relevance 
and intensity of the risk factors which can compromise its skill in realizing the debt 
service and it integrates it with the available data from external informative bases 
(Credit Bureau privati e di Viglianza). 
The process of assessment is made up of the following main phases: 
1) 
arrangement of the credit line application which includes the activity of 
collection of information from the customer, the personal details of the 
counterparties and the input of data in the Seller’s applications;

--- Page 177 ---
177
2) 
filling in of the proposal and calculation of the credit rating, upon data 
acquisition from external Credit Bureau and assessment of the guarantor’s 
riskiness; and 
3) 
determination of the deliberative body on the basis of the Seller’s procedures 
and considering the applicant's characteristics (or of the economical group it 
belongs to) and of the transaction. 
The assessment logic at the basis of such application is focused on the source of 
reimbursement of the granted credit lines which is realized in the analyses: 
1) 
of the required operation, with particular reference to the credit line purpose 
and the means of repayment; 
2) 
of the applying customer, in terms of skill in generating cash flows in favour 
of the debt and the risk capital and in maintaining a balanced property, 
financial and income structure, its competitive position, etc.; and 
3) 
of the possible real and/or personal security supporting it. 
The rating models applied by the Seller to the companies and validated by Bank of 
Italy for A-IRB use,are specialized on the basis of the turnover and of the kind of 
counterparty. They express a general viewpoint on the credit line of the counterparty 
deriving from the integration of the synthetic risk assessments which emerge from 
different areas of analyses: 
- 
Economic-financial data (investments, liquidity, productivity, profitability, 
circulating capital);  
- 
Qualitative data (non-financial information, obtained through a questionnaire 
and represented for example by data regarding the history of the company, the 
company and organizational structure, assessments on the strategic coherence 
and on the competitive position, information about the entrepreneur); 
- 
Data regarding the geographical and sector placement and the dimension 
characteristics of the counterparty; 
- 
Internal behavioural data of the system (e.g. Office of credit risks - Centrale 
dei Rischi), synthesized by a statistical predictive score which nourishes the 
trend monitoring system. 
The rating is calculated and used in the phase of first disbursement and it is updated 
periodically on the basis of the trend component and every time that the information 
regarding the other components of the rating system are modified (e.g. financial 
statements, qualitative questionnaire, dimensional and geo-sector variables). 
Required security 
The security aims at strengthening the principle of property liability of the principal 
debtor and therefore, at assuring the Seller an enhanced certainty of performance or 
an enhanced efficacy of the enforcement action in case of breach.

--- Page 178 ---
178
Therefore, as the security is an ancillary element of the secured claim, at the 
moment of the assessment of the person to whom we grant a credit line, they have to 
be considered as such. Such assessment has hence to consider, as fundamental 
element, the ability of the person to face his/her obligations, regardless of the given 
security. 
The ancillary nature of the security ensures that the guarantor’s obligation exists 
provided that there is a principal obligation of which it follows the development (e.g. 
the waiver to the credit line by the bank during a transaction with the main debtor 
determines the discharge also of the obligation of the guarantor). 
The concept of the ancillary nature of the security implies that the acquisition of 
security does not influence the determination of the level of risk of the credit line; it 
is in fact a matter of credit line with better security, as it is intended in addition to 
the ability of performance of the obligations of the beneficiary. 
For the security to form a protection against the risk, they have to be able to assure 
an effective recovery of the credit exposure in case of breach, both in terms of legal 
efficacy and in terms of suitable cover of the exposure. 
Thus, the process of management of the security takes place within the scope of the 
process of assessment of the credit line and it is expressed in managerial phases 
(acceptance, assessment and fulfilment, monitoring and administration, realization). 
The Seller has implemented a specific process to verify the "legal certainty" of the 
security (the legal validity, the efficacy, the binding aspect and their application) 
which is realized through electronically traced controls of different levels. 
Collection 
For the purposes of the better administering the portfolio transaction, the Servicer 
and its authorized agents, if appointed (hereinafter for brevity: the Servicer’s 
delegate), will exchange information with each other and their respective data 
collection systems, accounting and Credits administration. 
Monitoring of the first risk signals 
The monitoring of the business customers, carried out through the process of 
“Monitoraggio andamentale” consists of all the activites that the Bank performs in 
order to identify and promply react to the synthoms of a potential debtor’s credit 
quality deterioration (credit or refund capacity). The process is supported by several 
instruments / procedures that allow to process the information provided by internal 
or external sources of the Bank and provide the relevant involved professionals with 
the list of debtors whose risk indicators show a deterioration. The process is 
supported by the TMP monitoring system/tool. 
On the basis of the debtor’s risk profile and mitigant actions to be put in place, all 
positions under monitoring can be classified into one of these four macro classes: 
- 
IN BONIS (BO): relations having regular trend;

--- Page 179 ---
179
- 
WATCH LIST (W1/W2/W3/WS/WR): relations which highlight signals of 
anomaly of a certain seriousness, with an increasing level of deterioration 
also implying (for WS and WR) the shift of the position to a specialized 
structure; 
- 
REPAYMENT OF EXPOSURE (AR): Mortgage Receivables that present 
signs of more serious anomaly, by virtue of which, in the presence of a debt 
position, the Bank must evaluate the repayment of the entire exposure 
- 
CLASSIFICATION AS NON PERFORMING LOAN (RC): clients that 
presents even more serious events by virtue of which the Bank must evaluate 
the timely transfer of the position to Debt Collection, both Unlikely To Pay 
(UTP) and bad loans ("Sofferenza"). 
Collection 
At the expiry date of the instalment, the Servicer shall monitor the payment of the 
Debtors who have authorised the direct charge on account domiciled at the Servicer, 
simultaneously crediting the Collection Account with the sums received by the 
Debtors in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. The automatic charge of the 
instalments will be done only in the presence of the 100 per cent of the liquid funds 
necessary to make the payment: therefore, the system may not accept partial 
payments. Any other collection received in relation to the Mortgage Receivables 
through a different mechanism (cash payment or bank transfer, through direct 
interbanking remittance (RID) or other technologies) shall be transferred to the 
Collection Account with same value date of the date on which collection was made 
or previous if acknowledged by the Debtor following the procedures according to 
the Servicing Agreement. 
Monitoring and administration 
If the installment is not covered by the account balance, the recurring loan’s 
payment (within the dedicated procedures) causes overdue in the current account. 
Such information is used by the competent commercial function to perform 
preliminary controls and to promote potential remedial actions to recover the 
overdue amount (e.g. control on technical anomalies, on the whole relationship, etc.) 
The overdue activates dedicated signals within monitoring IT tool (TMP) which 
shall be promptly analyzed and assessed by the Business and Monitoring functions. 
The overdue (scaduto o sconfinato) of the Debtor implies a classification proposal in 
the TMP tool with different level of severity based on the level of overdue and the 
type of the counterparty. 
The classification confirmation performed by Monitorer implies the activation of 
managerial action plan defined in order to reduce the exposure and/or the riskiness 
of the file, also through (i) the amortization plan adjustment within the authorized 
limits of the Servicer Agreement or (ii) the activation of effective measures to 
promptly recover the exposure (reinforcing the guarantees).

--- Page 180 ---
180
Administration of Defaulted Receivables  
In case of inefficacy of the extrajudicial recovery (recupero bonario), the 
Receivable shall be classified by the Servicer as "Credito in Sofferenza" also based 
on the recommendation of the Servicer’s delegate and on the opinion of the 
Servicer, or directly at the discretion of the Servicer. Once the classification to 
"Credito in Sofferenza" is finalized, the Servicer shall terminate the financing 
agreement demanding full payment of any outstanding amount. 
The Receivable will be classified by the Servicer as "Unlikely To Pay" when the 
default of the Debtor is due to circumstances of temporary objective difficulties 
which are likely to be removed in a reasonable period of time. 
The Servicer, in addition to the correct classification, shall evaluate the Mortgage 
Receivables and is responsible of protection and credit recovery activities in 
cooperation with its delegates. 
The decision of the Servicer to use the delegates of the Servicer in order to perform 
recovery activities is regulated by the service model of the Bank for the “non 
performing” Receivables (“Incaglio Revocato” and “Sofferenza”): in any case the 
recovery activites of receivables classified as “Incaglio Revocato” and “Sofferenza” 
can be subject to assignment, in compliance with the mandate, to the Servicer’s 
delegates.  
In particular, the delegates of the Servicer shall take all out-of-court and/or judicial 
initiatives which deem achievable e and appropriate for the administration of the 
relevant Mortgage Receivables, in accordance with the procedures described below. 
It shall analyse in detail the documentation relating to the relevant Receivable 
received by the Servicer and shall upload all details relating to the file into its 
management system. 
The management tool shall assign the file to an internal manager based on several 
criteria, such as geographical placement of the Debtor, his/her business sector, the 
kind of exposure and its amount. 
Within predetermined limits, an external consultant/third party company, selected in 
accordance with pre-set criteria, may be appointed to assist the internal manager. 
The activity of such external consultant is put under the strict control of the internal 
manager. 
The manager of the delegates of the Servicer, also using the external 
consultants/third party companies, shall endeavour to resolve the file through out-
of-court activities, based on negotiations with the assigned Debtor with respect to 
his/her debt repayment. 
The proposal for the debt position settlement shoult be formulated by the manager 
of the delegates of the Servicer in accordance with the powers vested under the 
Servicing Agreement. 
The proposal so formulated shall be subject to a resolution by the competent body of 
Servicer’s delegate, on the basis of the delegation system envisaged by the

--- Page 181 ---
181
Servicer’s delegate itself, and the outcome of the decision shall be then 
communicated to the Debtor. 
If the decision of the competent body in relation to the proposal, on the other hand, 
is negative and no alternative negotiated solutions are reached, legal action shall be 
undertaken if deemed appropriate or convenient (notification of the injunction, 
protective measures on assets/properties, notification of the precept, attachment in 
the presence of mortgaged property, and consequential executive process and real 
estate selling, in accordance with the applicable rules of law). With respect to the 
judicial activities, the Servicer’s delegate shall use external legal advisors of its 
choice, with proved experience in credit recovery legal activity and which use the 
same management system enabling a timely monitoring of such legal activity. 
In any case, even pending the relevant legal activities, any initiative including out-
of-court ones, shall be attempted in order to recover a claim with the purpose of 
maximising recoveries whilst minimising costs. 
Once all activities and renegotiation attempts with the clients have been proven to 
be ineffective and, in the opinion of the Servicer’s delegate, no other actions to 
recover the due amount are feasible, the Servicer’s delegate shall proceed with the 
sale of the Receivable, in compliance with and subject to the conditions set out 
under the Servicing Agreement. The conclusion of the judicial and/or out-of-court 
procedure is reached by means of either the collection of the sums realised or, in 
case of negative outcome, the mere termination of the appointment. 
In any case the Servicer’s delegate will communicate to the Servicer whether the 
Receivable was recovered in full or in part or the impossibility or non convenience 
of further judicial or out-of-court activities in relation to such Receivable. 
Any full or partial write off shall be subject to a resolution of the competent body of 
the Servicer. 
If the positions classified to Incaglio Revocato or Sofferenza were kept in the direct 
management of the Servicer for the recovery activity, all the judicial and/or out-of-
court initiatives described above are taken and managed directly by the servicer also 
through external legal advisors or satisfactory consultants, in order to 
redevelopement of the relationship or amicable disengagement. 
Positions which show economic-financial difficulties but having the features to 
remain on the market at commercial and industrial level and therefore can maintain 
and/or recover the conditions of business continuity. These positions could be object 
to specialized credit management named “gestione Restructuring”, the aim of which 
is to secure the economic-financial business equilibrium, also through restructuring 
of exposures, granting of moratorium or the consolidation of overdue and/or short 
term exposures.  
Enforcement of the security 
Without prejudice to what is stated in the paragraphs above with regards to the 
monitoring activity of the overdue (scaduti) or overdraft (sconfinati) receivables and

--- Page 182 ---
182
if the receivables, already revoked, are covered by guarantee, the Servicer will carry 
on any available activity aimed at their enforcement, in order to ensure the 
settlement of the Mortgage Receivables. 
As far the omnibus guarantees are concerned, (to include in such expression also the 
pledges created as a guarantee of different debt positions of the Debtor), the 
Servicer shall be entitled to take the most suitable actions in order to put in place the 
most effective actions against the Debtor and the guarantor, considering the Seller 's 
and the purchaser's exposure a unique position, and guaranteed in the overall by the 
omnibus guarantee. The Servicer, in the absence of guarantor's suggestions, shall be 
able to charge the proceeds of the enforcement of the security that, according to its 
cautious assessment, is appropriate to discharge first, possibly also waiving the 
application of a proportional criterion, to the extent determined at the moment of 
Mortgage Receivables' transfer. For this purpose, the Servicer is entitled on behalf 
of the purchaser to carry out any necessary waivers of guarantee, if appropriate. 
Early repayment 
Similarly to what is provided for the Seller 's customers, from a contractual 
viewpoint, borrowers are allowed to pre-pay in whole or in part their debt by paying 
the instalment. 
Full Pre-payments  
In order to make a pre-payment in full, the borrower has to pay by wire transfer the 
residual principal amount (after the payment of overdue and unpaid instalments), as 
well as the accrued interest from the expiry date of the last instalment until the date 
of the pre-payment. To these amounts has to be added also the penalty for 
prepayment (if any) calculated as a percentage on the outstanding amount of the 
loanat the moment of the pre-payment. 
Partial pre-payment 
The case of partial pre-payment, also named partial reduction, provides for the 
payment of a sum by the borrower as partial reimbursement of the principal amount. 
The partial reduction of the outstanding debt implies the recalculation of the 
amortisation plan which, with the same dates of payment, shall imply a reduction of 
the amount of the instalments to be collected. 
The charges for the whole or partial pre-payment usually includes the payment of a 
fixed percentage applied on the principal outstanding amount. 
For the best outcome of whole or partial discharge the essential requisite is the lack 
of unpaid overdue instalments in and, in the case of indexed rate loans, that the 
adjustments due (if any) have already been paid. 
Residential Mortgage Loans 
Mortgage Loan Issuance Process 
Mortgage loans granted by the Bank can be originated from the following channels:

--- Page 183 ---
183
 
UniCredit Branch 
 
Unicredit sole Agents. 
The entire mortgage origination process, from data entry to disbursement, is 
supported by a web-based platform called MyCredit.  
The platform allows the electronic management of the mortgage documentation, 
which is scanned by UniCredit branch operator/UniCredit Agents and therefore 
made available on line in dematerialized form for the subsequent steps of the 
assessment process. 
The platform is based on a work-flow system, that allows the conveyance of the 
loan application through different phases and to different actors of the process, 
while safeguarding the specific characteristics of each business channel. 
Following is a description of different five phases of the process: 
1) 
Preparatory phase and data retrieval 
The first step in the origination process starts with the initial interview with the 
prospective applicant, with the purpose of providing all the relevant information 
about the mortgage approval process and proceed with an initial screening to assess 
the possibility to succeed with the application.  
If the information collected during the interview produces a positive assessment, the 
UniCredit Branch/UniCredit Agents will insert all customer data (both personal and 
financial indormation) in the Front End system.  
The data collected and entered in the front end are: 
 
personal master data 
 
social/demographic data 
 
income details. 
Furthermore, the following information are automatically retrieved: 
 
info available on public archives (e.g. protested bills and prejudicial events – 
Experian) 
 
other financing on External Credit Bureaux (CRIF) 
 
evidence of no performing at Centrale Rischi (Banca d’Italia) 
 
other business relationship with UniCredit (global position). 
Finally, all the mandatory documents (e.g. Id, proof of income) for the preparatory 
phase, are uploaded in the Front End system and the mortgage request are printed 
and signed (physically or digitally) by all the borrowers/guarantors. 
During the preparatory phase a number of controls are performed on the information 
gathered, according to the origination channel, in order to verify the quality and 
likelihood of the same.

--- Page 184 ---
184
Checks on the personal/income documentation: 
 
In case of proposal originated by the Banking channel the documentation is 
uploaded by the branch, which carries out the first level checks (for example: 
consistency of the customer with the provided identity document).A second 
level control (triggered by CLDE, see next phase) is carried out by a central 
structure (Mortgages Individuals Data Quality) on 30% of the proposals 
selected anti-fraud tool. 
 
In case of proposals originated by the Unicredit Agent channel the 
documentation is uploaded by the Agents, which carries out the first level 
checks (for example: consistency of the customer with the provided identity 
document). In this case the second level control (triggered by CLDE, see next 
phase) is then carried out by a central structure (Mortgages Individuals Data 
Quality) on 100% of the proposals. 
The preparatory phase ends with the engagement of the Credit Lending Decision 
Engine. 
2) 
Pre-Approval 
The credit evaluation, managed by CLDE provides an assessment of the risk 
profiles of loan applications, based on evaluation of income/social/demographic 
information, together with information on the applicant’s/guarantor’s past behaviour 
and current financial obbligation obtained from the Credit Bureaux.  
The valuation model is composed of the following two elements: 
 
Rating Model (RIPONE - IRB): which assigns each potential borrower 
aPD(Probability of Default).The PD together with the LGD (Lost Given 
Default) establish the rating cut off of the proposal. 
 
Policy rules: grey (manual decision) or black (automatic decline) policies. 
The results of credit evaluation are: 
 
Automatic Decision (Positive/Negative) 
 
Manual decision of the proposal made by the underwriter (retail network or 
underwriting)

--- Page 185 ---
185
 
 
3) 
Technical and legal investigation 
After proposal pre-approval, pre-approval letter and PIES (European document 
containing the mortgage costs) are printed for the customer's acceptance, then Asset 
documents are collected and uploaded by UniCredit Branch/UniCredit Agents: 
 
the ground plan of the property; 
 
certified true copy of the last purchase deed of the property. 
Then the real estate appraisal company and the notary are appointed. 
The property valuation is performed by a real estate appraisal company chosen 
through a tender following EBA and Italian regulation (ABI guidelines). 
In addition, a preliminary report (“Relazione Notarile Preliminare”), regarding the 
documentation of the property and of the mortgage, is provided by the notary. This 
document is designed to allow the control of: 
 
the full ownership of the property by the mortgagor 
 
the absence of liens or encumbrances on the property 
 
the absence of bankruptcy proceedings charged to the applicants and the 
guarantor (if any) 
The structure responsible for all Technical and Legal Investigation activities 
(Mortgages Individuals ITL) verifies the compliance of the property data with the 
credit settlement and the type of asset ammitted by UniCredit for mortgage. 
UniCredit finances only residential property located in the territory of Italy 
comprised in the following cadastral categories for property types for which loans 
are admissible are as follows:  
 
A/1: High class residential property;

--- Page 186 ---
186
 
A/2: Standard residential property;  
 
A/3: Economy class residential property;  
 
A/4: Low class residential property;  
 
A/5: Very low class residential property; 
 
A/6: Rural residential property;  
 
A/7: Small residential independent units;  
 
A/8: Residential detached units; 
 
A/9: Castles, palaces of prominent historical or artistic value; 
 
A/11: Typical houses or flats. 
Cadastral categories which together with the residential unit can be financed as 
appurtenances, apart from land plots and associated urban areas are as follows:  
 
C/2: for basements and attics;  
 
C/6: for garages and car parking slots;  
 
C/7: enclosed or non-enclosed porches;  
 
Urban Area (not classified real estate – UE Urban Entity); 
 
Common Entity (not classified real estate – E – CO – (court)); 
 
F5 Flat Roof; 
 
F2 Ruins (Unità Collabenti). 
If there is any doubt on the degree of suitability of the property to be reasonably 
lodged as a mortgage, Mortgages Individuals ITL has the right to request further 
verifications from the property valuation company. 
The Technical and Legal investigation phase ends with a second engagement of the 
Credit Lending Decision Engine for the final credit decision.  
4) 
Approval  
The second credit evaluation is managed by CLDE that provides a second 
assessment of the risk profiles of loan applications, based on evaluation of 
income/social/demographic information, together with information on the 
applicant’s/guarantor’s past behaviour obtained from the Credit Bureaux.  
The valuation model is the same that is called in the first evaluation. 
The results of second credit evaluation are: 
 
Automatic Decision (Positive/Negative) 
 
Manual decision of the proposal made by the underwriter (retail network or 
underwriting)

--- Page 187 ---
187
 
 
 
5) 
Disbursament 
The Network schedules the disbursement date in the mortgage platform. 
Before making the loan agreement by the Notary, the customer must have signed a 
fire and explosion insurance policy that covers the property against damage from 
fire, lightning and explosion. The insurance policy must be binding in favour of the 
bank and can be signed with an insurance partnership company proposed by the 
Bank or by another external insurance company chosen by the customer. 
MyCredit platform automatically generates all the documentation necessary for the 
stipulation of the mortgage and to deposit it on the Pigna Tool (Notary tool), so that 
it is available to the notary. 
On the morning of the signing, the platform automatically arranges the pre-
authorized transfers. 
Once the signing has been made and confirmed by the notary, the platform will 
proceed with the start of the loan and the authorization of the transfers. 
SECTION 3 - COLLECTION POLICIES 
Residential Mortgage Loans  
The terms with initial capital below, unless otherwise defined, will have the same 
meaning as that given them in the Servicing Agreement. 
In order to better manage the Mortgage Receivables portfolio, the Servicer and its 
delegates (if appointed) will share each other the information and relevant data of 
their collection systems, accounting and credit administration systems. 
Methodology of Installment Payments

--- Page 188 ---
188
With reference to the Mortgage Receivables, at expiration date of the installment, 
the Servicer will monitor the payment by the assigned debtors who have authorized 
the direct debit through a bank account belonging to the UniCredit Banking Group, 
simultaneously crediting the amounts received by such debtors to the accounts of 
the SPV in the way specified in the Servicing Agreement. The automatic debit 
installments will be made only in the presence of 100% of the liquid funds needed 
to make the payment (the system will not accept partial payments). Any other 
collection received in relation to the Mortgage Receivables through a different 
mechanism (payment through wire transfer, through a direct inter-bank remittance 
(RID), or other technologies) will be credited on the accounts of the SPV with a 
value date equal to the date of collection or earlier if recognized by the Debtor in the 
manner specified in the Servicing Agreement. 
Monitoring and administration 
The application TMP is also used as support of the entire operational monitoring of 
retail customers, with the aim to detect early signs of deterioration, even if when the 
customers does not present any overdue days 
The early detection might result in one of the following managerial classification 
- 
IN BONIS (BO): relations having regular trend; 
- 
WATCH LIST (W1/W2/W3): relations which highlight signals of anomaly of 
a certain seriousness and duration/frequency; 
- 
REPAYMENT OF EXPOSURES (AR): Mortgage Receivables that present 
signs of more serious anomaly, by virtue of which, in the presence of a debt 
position, the Bank must evaluate the repayment of the entire exposure 
- 
CLASSIFICATION AS NON PERFORMING LOAN (RC): clients that 
presents even more serious events by virtue of which the Bank must evaluate 
the timely transfer of the position to Debt Collection, both Unlikely To Pay 
(UTP) and bad loans ("Sofferenza"). 
Should the client presents overdues, the arrears/overdrafts management relating to 
the Consumer Segment and in particular to Individuals customers start from the first 
day of detection of the overdraft, in order to recover the arrears and remove the 
anomalies. 
The supporting application (Gestione Morosità – GeMo) detects the non-
payment/overflow on the first day it occurs.  
In case of failure to settle the overrun by the end of the day, the so-called "periodo 
di franchigia". 
From this moment, the Customer Manager activates the management of the position 
during the "periodo di franchigia"; he can activate payment reminder activities 
towards the Customer or alternatively he can decide to anticipate/postpone the 
Customer Recovery Collection activities. 
Once the deductible period has expired, the Credit Collection is usually divided into 
3 phases:

--- Page 189 ---
189
 
The Soft credit Collection Phase includes: 
o 
Soft Credit Collection: 
 
payment reminders 
 
checks on Customer's contact information 
 
subsequent contact by CuRe or External Credit Recovery 
Companies. 
During the activities: 
 
Management 
of 
the 
contact 
with 
the 
Customer 
(incoming/outgoing telephone calls) 
 
recordings of the contact outcome 
 
collections of any Customer request 
 
if possible, Remanagement actions 
o 
the Advanced Credit Collection activity is carried out through amicable 
recovery actions on: 
 
specific customer clusters which, due to their complexity and 
exposure, require a one-to-one approach to the relationship 
 
products which require knowledge of the specific technical 
forms financing and their regulatory framework (subsidized 
and/or specific agreements). 
 
The External Credit Collection phase includes: 
o 
domiciliary collection, carried out through the transfer of a portfolio to 
external collection companies; 
o 
information to Customer Manager by e- mail. 
 
The Structured Credit Collection phase manages the positions connected to 
mortgage loans, including non-defaulting loans, with the generation of 
homogeneous portfolios of Clients, in order to maximize the effectiveness of 
the recovery actions also by proposing advanced and/or customized recovery 
solutions with the Customer. 
Management of Defaulted Receivables 
If the terms established have expired and recovery attempts without judicial 
recourse (either direct and/or home collection) haven’t been succesful, or even 
before then, if conditions/events occur that, in the Servicer’s opinion, show a 
worsening of the debtor’s credit worthiness, the positions will be classified by the 
Servicer as Crediti in Sofferenza. If the claim is classified as being a Credito in 
Sofferenza, the Servicer shall terminate the loan agreement asking for the full 
payment of all amounts outstanding.  
The doubtful classification is done according to a global evaluation about the total 
exposure of the customer. If the customer is eligible to doubtful classification due to 
delay on consumer loans, but he is regular for a mortgage, the evaluation will be 
applied considering the customer global exposure and collection activities in place.  
A claim shall be classified by the Servicer as Unlikely to Pay when the position of 
the assigned debtor of objective difficulties is assessed as temporary and it is 
expected that the situation may be corrected within a reasonable period of time.

--- Page 190 ---
190
For the purpose of the issue programme and associated reporting, credit classified as 
defaulting will not be recorded as a performing loan (in bonis), even after the 
borrower has corrected his position.  
The Servicer, besides performing correct classification, will assess credit and 
manage credit protection and recovery in collaboration with the sub-servicer.  
In particular, the sub-servicer shall implement all out of court and/or judicial 
initiatives that appear feasible and/or appropriate for the management of the relevant 
claims in compliance with the procedures described below. The sub-servicer shall 
analyse in detail the documents relating to the claim received by the Servicer and 
shall transfer to its claim monitoring system all data relating to the file.  
The file will be assigned by the management system to an internal manager based 
on several criteria, such as, by way of example, the geographic location of the 
assigned debtor, its sector of activity, type of exposure and amount of the same. The 
selected Sub-Servicer manager shall attempt to contact the client by phone or letter 
or other suitable means, including personal contact. In certain cases, an external 
adviser/third company selected according to certain pre-established criteria may be 
retained to assist the in-house manager. Any such adviser/third company shall work 
under close supervision of the internal manager and its appointment shall normally 
be established in 60 days, which may be extended; upon expiry of the appointment, 
the external provider shall be replaced by another external adviser/third company. 
The Sub-Servicer manager, also via external advisers/third company, shall attempt 
to settle the relevant file through an out-of-court settlement, based on negotiation of 
repayment (rientro) with the Assigned Debtor. 
Proposed settlement of the debt position formulated by the Sub-Servicer manager 
will be in line with the powers provided for in the Servicing Agreement.  
The proposal thus put forward will be submitted for approval to the Sub-Servicer’s 
competent body (if any), based on the delegation system established by the same 
Sub-Servicer, and the final outcome will be communicated to the Assigned Debtor.  
If the proposal is accepted by the competent body, data on the newly agreed 
repayment plan will be uploaded on the management system, which will 
automatically send reminders to the manager in the event of irregularity. If the 
Assigned Debtor fails to effect payments due under the negotiated solution, as 
reported by the management system the resolution will be cancelled.  
If the competent body does not accept the proposal and the restructured loan 
proposal is rejected by the relevant department of the Sub-Servicer and no 
alternative negotiated solutions are reached, legal action shall be initiated if deemed 
appropriate or suitable, by means of service of a payment order (precetto) to the 
assigned debtor followed by seizure of the mortgaged property, and by subsequent 
enforcement process with sale of the mortgaged property in accordance with the 
legal procedures. For its legal activity, the Sub-Servicer shall use external legal 
advisers of its choice with proven experience in debt collection judicial proceedings,

--- Page 191 ---
191
using the same management system, or a similar one, enabling on-going monitoring 
of judicial activities.  
However, also during legal proceedings, the Sub-Servicer will explore and utilise all 
options available, including out-of-court settlements, to maximise collections and 
minimise costs associated with loan recovery.  
Once all the activities and attempts to renegotiate the loan with the client have 
proven to be unsuccessful and in the Sub-Servicer’s (if any) opinion no further 
actions are viable for collection of the overdue amount, the Sub-Servicer may 
proceed with the sale of the Credito in Sofferenza, in compliance with precise 
conditions established under the Servicing Agreement. After the judicial or out-of-
court proceedings have been completed, sums recovered will be collected, or, if no 
recovery was achieved the mandate will be closed.  
In any event, the Sub-Servicer shall notify the Servicer of the successful full or 
partial collection of the receivable or of the impossibility or inconvenience of 
conducting any additional judicial or out-of-court activities.  
Possible full or partial write-off shall be decided upon by the competent department 
of the Servicer 
Early Repayment 
According to the provisions in place for the Servicer’s clients, under the terms of the 
mortgage loan agreement, a borrower can fully or partially pre-pay its mortgage 
loan at any time through the payment of the due amount. 
Full Early Repayment 
If the borrower wishes to pre-pay his/her mortgage loan in full, he/she shall pay the 
amount of the residual debt on the principal account, after settling any instalments 
fallen due and unpaid, as well as any interest accrued from the due date of the last 
instalment up to the date of final settlement. In addition to these sums, a penalty for 
early repayment, if applicable according to the law, will also be charged, calculated 
as a percentage of outstanding debt at the time of repayment. 
Partial Early Repayment 
The case of partial early repayment, also called partial reduction, provides for 
payment of a sum by the borrower as advanced repayment of part of the principal. 
The partial reduction of the residual debt shall entail recalculation of the repayment 
schedule, which in turn shall entail, leaving due dates unchanged, a reduction in the 
instalments to be collected.  
Under both full and partial pre-payment, the fee schedule usually, if applicable 
according to the law, makes provision for the payment of a fixed percentage applied 
to the amount of residual debt. Normally tha above mentioned fee, if due, is debted 
in the last installment paid by the debtor. 
One mandatory condition for the borrower to avail him/herself of early full or 
partial repayment is the inexistence of any outstanding unpaid instalments;

--- Page 192 ---
192
moreover, in the event of loans with index-linked rate (if any), any adjustments 
possibly due by the debtor must have already been paid.

--- Page 193 ---
193
DESCRIPTION OF THE OBG GUARANTOR 
The OBG Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the 
purpose of guaranteeing the OBG in accordance with article 7-bis of of Italian 
law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI 
OBG Regulations (which has been replaced by article 7-septies of the Law 130). 
The OBG Guarantor is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated under Italian law in the Republic of Italy under Article 3 of 
the Law 130 on 17 November 2011, belonging to the “Gruppo Bancario UniCredit” 
registered with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
Article 64 of the Banking Law under No. 02008.1 (the “UniCredit Banking 
Group” or “UniCredit”).  
By way of a shareholders’ resolution adopted on 7 December 2011, the bylaws of 
the company has been amended in order to allow the company to act as special 
purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in accordance with the Article 7-
bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of 
the BoI OBG Regulations (which has been replaced by Article 7-septies of the Law 
130). 
By way of a shareholders’ resolution registered on 11 January 2012, the corporate 
name of the OBG Guarantor was changed from “Cordusio One RMBS s.r.l.” to 
“UniCredit OBG s.r.l.”.  
The OBG Guarantor is enrolled under number 04064320239 with the Companies 
Register Verona pursuant to Article 7-bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as 
applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (which has been 
replaced by Article 7-septies of the Law 130). 
The OBG Guarantor has its registered office at Viale dell’Agricoltura 7, 37135 
Verona, Italy; the telephone number of the registered office is +39 045 8678870 and 
the fax number is +39 045 8944828. The OBG Guarantor has no employees. 
The authorised, issued and fully paid in quota capital of the OBG Guarantor is 
€10,000. 
The duration of OBG Guarantor shall be until 31 December 2100. 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the OBG Guarantor is to purchase from banks, against 
payment, receivables and notes issued in the context of a securitisation transaction, 
in compliance with Article 7-bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as 
applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (which has been 
replaced by Article 7-septies of the Law 130), by means of loans granted or 
guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the OBG 
issued by such banks or other entities. 
The OBG Guarantor has granted the guarantee to the benefit of the Representative 
of the OBG Holders (acting on behalf and in the name of the OBG Holders), of the

--- Page 194 ---
194
counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the risks 
inherent the purchased credits and securities and of the counterparts of other 
ancillary contracts, as well as to the benefit of the payment of the other costs of the 
transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement of the others loans, 
pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 7-bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as 
applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (which has been 
replaced by Article 7-quaterdecies of the Law 130).  
Since the date of its incorporation, the OBG Guarantor has not engaged in any 
business other than the purchase of the Initial Portfolio and the New Portfolios 
under the Programme and the entering into of the Transaction Documents and of the 
relevant transaction documents for the issuance of OBG under the Programme. 
Save for the foregoing, the OBG Guarantor has not entered since 17 November 
2011 (this being the date of its incorporation) into any contracts outside the ordinary 
course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to 
its ability to meet its obligations to OBG Holders. So long as any of the OBG 
remain outstanding, the OBG Guarantor shall not, without the consent of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders and as provided in the Conditions and the other 
Transaction Documents, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or 
engage in any business except pursuant to the Transaction Documents, pay any 
dividends, repay or otherwise return any equity capital, have any subsidiaries, 
employees or premises, consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or 
transfer its property or assets to any person (otherwise than as contemplated in the 
Conditions or the Transaction Documents) or guarantee any additional quota. 
The OBG Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which 
are detailed in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Material Contracts 
The OBG Guarantor has not entered into any contracts in the last two years outside 
the ordinary course of business that could materially prejudice its ability to meet its 
obligations to OBG Holders under the OBG Guarantee. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
The OBG is currently managed by a Board of Directors which, in accordance with 
the Quotaholder’s Agreement, is at the date of this Prospectus comprised by 3 
directors, 2 of which to be appointed by the Seller and one of which to be appointed 
by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
The directors of the OBG are as at the date of this Prospectus: 
Name 
Appointment 
Address 
Principal 
Activities 
Chiarelli 
Luciano 
Director 
Viale dell’Agricoltura, 7 - 
37135 Verona 
Manager 
Daniela 
Chairman 
Viale dell’Agricoltura, 7 - 
Lawyer

--- Page 195 ---
195
Cinzia 
Giovanna 
Covini 
37135 Verona 
Nausica 
Pinese 
Director 
Viale dell’Agricoltura, 7 - 
37135 Verona 
Manager 
 
The Company did not appoint a Board of Statutory Auditors, pursuant to Article 
2447 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Conflict of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and 
their private interests or other duties. 
Major Shareholders 
The quotaholders of the OBG Guarantor (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) 
are as follows: 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
 
 
 
€6,000.00 of the quota capital; 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. €4,000.00 of the quota capital. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia a call option in favour of the 
Seller to purchase from SVM and a put option in favour of SVM to sell to the 
Seller, the quota of the OBG Guarantor held by SVM and provisions in relation to 
the management of the OBG Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from 
the day on which all the OBG have been redeemed in full or cancelled.  
In addition the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the OBG 
Guarantor will approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return 
of capital by the OBG Guarantor prior to the date on which all amounts of principal 
and interest on the OBG and any amount due to the Secured Creditors (including the 
OBG Holders) have been paid in full. 
Italian company law combined with the holding structure of the OBG Guarantor, the 
covenants made by the OBG Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. in the Quotaholders’ Agreement and the role of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders are together intended to prevent any abuse of 
control of the OBG Guarantor. The OGB Guarantor is subject to the direct 
ownership and control of UniCredit S.p.A.  
Special purpose vehicle 
The OBG Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the 
purposes of issuing guarantees in respect of OBG. The OBG Guarantor may carry 
out other OBG transactions in addition to the one contemplated in this Prospectus, 
subject to certain conditions. 
 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement

--- Page 196 ---
196
The capitalisation of the OBG Guarantor as at the date of this Prospectus is as 
follows: 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
UniCredit S.p.A. has a quota of €6,000.00 and SVM has a quota of €4,000.00, each 
fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness  
Save for the foregoing and for the OBG Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, the 
OBG Guarantor has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings 
(including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other 
contingent liabilities. 
Financial Statements and Report of the Auditors 
Copy of the financial statements of the OBG Guarantor for each financial year since 
the OBG Guarantor’s incorporation will, when published, be available in physical 
form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on any Business Day 
(excluding public holidays) at the registered office of the OBG Guarantor. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, enrolled 
with the Companies' Register of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi under number 
03049560166 and registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei 
Revisori Legali) maintained by Minister of Economy and Finance effective from 7 
June 2004 with registration number no: 132587, having its registered office at via 
Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, (“Deloitte”) has been appointed to act as external 
auditors of the OBG Guarantor for the financial years 2013-2021. Deloitte is also a 
member of Assirevi – Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian 
association of auditing firms. 
Deloitte audited the financial statements of the OBG Guarantor in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2021. 
Further to the expiration of the Deloitte’s engagement described above, at the 
shareholders’ meeting of the OBG Guarantor held on 06 April 2022, KPMG S.p.A., 
with registered office at Via Vittor Pisani 25, Milan, enrolled with the Companies’ 
Register of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi under number 00709600159 and registered 
with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by 
Minister of Economy and Finance with registration number no. 70623 (“KPMG”), 
has been appointed to act as the OBG Guarantor’s external auditors for the 2022-
2030 nine-year period. Consequently, KPMG are the current auditors of the OBG 
Guarantor. KPMG is also a member of Assirevi – Associazione Italiana Revisori 
Contabili, the Italian association of auditing firms. 
KPMG audited the financial statements of the OBG Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2022.

--- Page 197 ---
197
The OBG Guarantor’s accounting reference date is 31 December in each year. The 
current financial period of the OBG Guarantor will end on 31 December 2023. The 
OBG Guarantor does not produce interim financial statements. 
Documents on Display 
For the life of the Prospectus the following documents may be inspected at the 
offices of the Administrative Services Provider, the Representative of the OBG 
Holders and the Luxembourg Listing Agent in Luxembourg and at the following 
website: 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/covered-
bonds.html:  
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of the OBG Guarantor;  
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared 
by any expert at the OBG Guarantor’s request any part of which is included 
or referred to in the registration document;  
(c) 
the material contracts and other documents relating to the guarantee. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
code 
of 
the 
OBG 
Guarantor 
is 
8156002B929020A90676.

--- Page 198 ---
198
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130 and BoI OBG Regulations require that the 
Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry out controls on 
the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the OBG Guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations, 
the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with the special 
register of accounting firms held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance - Stage 
general accounting office established in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 
39/2010 and shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the 
Programme and from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and 
the OBG Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to 
be addressed also to the Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the 
Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on 19 January 2012, as subsequently 
amended on 14 November 2014 and replaced on 3 May 2023, the Issuer has 
appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a società per azioni incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi, 94, 20131, Milan, 
Italy, fiscal code, VAT number and enrolment number with the companies register of 
Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi no. 07722780967, and enrolled under number 167911 
with the register of statutory auditors (“Registro Dei Revisori Legali”) maintained 
by the Ministry of Economy and Finance as Asset Monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) 
in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, 
specific monitoring activities including, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility 
criteria set out under the Law 130 with respect to the Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets included in the Portfolio; (ii) the compliance with the internal limits to 
the transfer of the Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets set out under the BoI 
OBG Regulations; (iii) the calculation performed by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity 
Buffer Test and the Limit to the Integration and the compliance with the limits set 
out under the Law 130 with respect to the OBG issued and the Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Portfolio as determined in the Mandatory 
Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Limit to the 
Integration; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by 
any swap agreement (if any) entered into in the context of the Programme; (v) the 
segregation of the Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the 
Portfolio according to article 7-octies of the Law 130; (vi) the correct application 
and notification of the extension of the maturity of the OBG issued as required by 
the Law 130; and (vii) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the 
information provided to investors pursuant to the Law 130 and the BoI OBG 
Regulations.

--- Page 199 ---
199
The engagement letter reflects the provisions of the Law 130 and the BoI OBG 
Regulations in relation to the procedures and proportionality principles applicable 
to the conduct of the monitoring activities by the Asset Monitor, the reports to be 
prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor on an annual basis also to the Board of 
Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and 
expenses by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset 
Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the OBG 
Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders entered into the Asset Monitor 
Agreement on 19 January 2012, as subsequently ameded, as more fully described 
under “Description of the Transaction Documents — Asset Monitor Agreement”, 
below.

--- Page 200 ---
200
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The OBG will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The 
OBG Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the OBG 
Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the 
Representative of the OBG Holders on the Issuer and on the OBG Guarantor of a 
Notice to Pay. The Issuer will not be relying on the OBG Guarantor and on any 
payments received from the OBG Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay 
principal under the OBG.  
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of 
timely and, as applicable, ultimate payments to OBG Holders, as follows: 
(i) the OBG Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(ii) the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Eligible Portfolio is at all 
times sufficient to repay the OBG; 
(iii) the Over-Collateralisation Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the 
OBG Guarantor’s assets in respect of the OBG for so long the OBG remain 
outstanding; 
(iv) the Amortisation Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the OBG 
Guarantor’s assets in respect of the OBG following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the OBG 
Guarantor;  
(iv) the Liquidity Buffer Test is intended to ensure that the Eligible Portfolio 
includes at all times a liquidity buffer composed of liquid assets at least equal 
to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity of the Programme over the 
next 180 days; and 
(v) the Reserve Account is established for the purposes of trapping, from time to 
time, excess cash flow from the Interest Available Funds to cover an amount 
equal to the sum of (A) (B) and (C)  
where  
(A) means the amount of interest accrued on the OBG until that Guarantor 
Payment Date (inclusive) and not yet paid by the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor;  
(B) means the amount of interest due and payable by the OBG Guarantor on the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date (without double counting 
with (A); and  
(C) means an amount equal to 0.30% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
Portfolio as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section.

--- Page 201 ---
201
OBG Guarantee 
The OBG Guarantee provided by the OBG Guarantor guarantees the payment of 
Guaranteed Amounts (as defined in the Conditions) on the relevant Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date (as defined in the Conditions) in respect of all OBG issued under 
the Programme. The OBG Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming 
payable in respect of the OBG for any other reason, including any accelerated 
payment, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. In this 
circumstance (and until a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice is served), the OBG Guarantor’s obligations will only be to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts as they fall Due for Payment. 
See further "Description of the Transaction Documents — OBG Guarantee", as 
regards the terms of the OBG Guarantee and see “Accounts and Cashflows —
Priority of Payments”, as regards the payment of amounts payable by the OBG 
Guarantor to OBG Holders and the other Secured Creditors following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Mandatory Tests, Over-Collateralisation Test, Amortisation Test and Liquidity 
Buffer Test 
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, UniCredit (as Seller 
and Issuer), the Additional Seller (if any) must ensure that, on each Calculation Date 
and on each OC Calculation Date prior to service of a Notice to Pay, the Eligible 
Portfolio and the OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio, as at the immediately preceding 
Reconciliation Date, is in compliance with the Mandatory Tests and the Over-
Collateralisation Test, respectively. If on any Calculation Date or any OC 
Calculation Date (as the case may be) the Eligible Portfolio is not in compliance 
with the Mandatory Tests or, as the case may be, the OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio 
is not in compliance with the Over-Collateralisation Test, then UniCredit (as Seller 
and Issuer) and the Additional Seller (if any) shall sell to the OBG Guarantor Assets 
or Integration Assets in an amount sufficient to allow the Mandatory Tests and the 
Over-Collateralisation Test (as applicable) to be satisfied, in accordance with, as 
appropriate, the Master Transfer Agreement and the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement (including the transfer agreement(s) to be entered into by the Additional 
Seller (if any), if applicable). To this extent UniCredit (as Issuer and Seller), the 
Additional Seller (if any), as the case may be, shall provide, in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan or, as the case may be, with any additional subordinated loan, 
the funds necessary the purposes of funding the purchase of Assets or Integration 
Assets. 
If (i) the breach of Mandatory Tests is not remedied within one calendar month from 
the service by the Calculation Agent of a Negative Report as confirmed by the Asset 
Monitor (the “Mandatory Test Cure Period”), or (ii) the breach of the Over-
Collateralisation Test is not remedied within one calendar month from the service 
by the Calculation Agent of a Negative Report as confirmed by the Asset Monitor 
(the “OC Cure Period”), an Issuer Event of Default shall occur.

--- Page 202 ---
202
Under the terms of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the Issuer must ensure 
that, on each Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date or on any other date on which 
the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Test is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is 
equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the 
Programme over the next 180 days (the “Liquidity Buffer Test”). If, on any 
Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date or on any other date on which the 
verification of the Liquidity Buffer Test is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is not 
at least equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of 
the Programme over the next 180 days, then UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) and the 
Additional Seller (if any) shall: 
(i) 
sell Liquid Assets to the OBG Guarantor in accordance with the Master 
Transfer Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the funds necessary for 
payment of the purchase price of the assets to the OBG Guarantor in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement (increasing the 
“Ammontare Massimo” of the Subordinated Loan, if necessary, in 
accordance with the procedures set forth under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement) or with any additional subordinated loan as applicable; and/or 
(ii) 
grant to the OBG Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement (increasing the “Ammontare Massimo” of the Subordinated 
Loan, if necessary, in accordance with the procedures set forth under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement) or under any additional subordinated loan 
as applicable; and/or 
(iii) 
repurchase Assets by exercising the call option provided for under the 
Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the terms, 
set out therein, 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
complied with as soon as practicable. 
Mandatory Tests 
Pursuant to the Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations, for so long as the OBG 
remain outstanding, the Issuer (also as Seller) or any Additional Seller (if 
applicable) shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date or on 
any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents that: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio (net of any amount 
standing to the credit of the Accounts other than the Principal Collection 
Account) from time to time owned by the OBG Guarantor shall be higher 
than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG at the same 
time outstanding multiplied by 105%; 
(b) 
the Adjusted Net Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio shall be higher than 
or equal to the Present Value of the outstanding OBG;

--- Page 203 ---
203
(c) 
the Expected Income shall be higher than or equal to the Expected Payments, 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the “Mandatory Tests”). 
it being understood that:  
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of the Law 130, the 
calculation of the interest generated by the assets included in the Eligible 
Portfolio and the interest due by the Issuer on the OBG outstanding shall 
be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent with the 
applicable accounting principles; and 
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of the Law 130, the 
methodologies for the calculation of the numerator and denominator of the 
Mandatory Tests are based on criteria consistent with each other.  
The compliance with the Mandatory Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent 
and subsequently checked by the Asset Monitor, and by the internal risk 
management functions of the UniCredit Banking Group (under the supervision of 
the management body of the Issuer) on each Calculation Date and on any other date 
on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents.  
For the purposes of this section: 
“Adjusted Net Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio” means at any date (i) the 
Present Value of the Eligible Portfolio; minus (ii) the Present Value of the payments 
to be made in priority to or pari passu with any amount to be paid in relation to the 
OBG in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments (including the Expected 
Maintenance and Administration Costs).  
“Credito in Sofferenza” means any Mortgage Receivable classified as “in 
sofferenza” by the Servicer on behalf of the OBG Guarantor in compliance with the 
Collection Policies, as interpreted and applied in compliance with BoI OBG 
Regulations and in accordance with principles governing the prudential 
administration of Mortgage Receivables and with the maximum standard of 
diligenza professionale. 
“Defaulted Receivables” means Mortgage Receivables which, following the 
relevant Evaluation Date, (i) have been classified by the Servicer on behalf of the 
OBG Guarantor as Mortgage Receivables classified as unlikely to pay and in 
respect of which the relevant credit line (affidamento creditizio) has been revoked or 
(ii) have been classified by the Servicer on behalf of the OBG Guarantor as 
Mortgage Receivables classified (even once) as Crediti in Sofferenza or (iii) which 
have been Receivables in Arrears for at least 360 days (even once). 
“Defaulted Public Security” means a Public Security in respect of which a notice 
of default has been served and/or a Public Security which has been accelerated in 
accordance with the relevant terms and condition.

--- Page 204 ---
204
“Earliest Maturing OBG” means at any time the relevant Series of the OBG that 
has the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Extended Maturity Date (if an Extendible Maturity Date is provided by the 
applicable Final Terms).  
“Eligible Portfolio” means the aggregate amount of Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets (including (i) any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts and (ii) 
the Eligible Investments) provided that (i) any Defaulted Receivable or Defaulted 
Public Securities and those Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets for which a 
breach of the representations and warranties granted under Clause 2 of the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied will not be 
considered for the purpose of the calculation, (ii) any Mortgage Receivable in 
respect of which the Loan to Value Ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under 
Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, will be calculated up to an amount of 
principal which – taking into account the Market Value of the Real Estate related to 
the sale of that Mortgage Receivable – allows the compliance with such percentage 
limit, (iii) the aggregate of the Integration Assets or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Limit to the Integration will not be considered for the purposes of the calculation, 
(iv) in accordance with Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of the Law 130, 
unsecured receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, 
will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation, and (v) any Mortgage 
Receivable which is secured by a Real Estate (as defined below) which is not 
insured against the risk for damages in accordance with Article 7-novies, paragraph 
2, letter a) of the Law 130 will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation. 
“Expected Income” means, at any given time, the sum of the interest collections 
expected to be collected under the Eligible Portfolio, as from time to time 
outstanding on the basis of the scheduled payments, any interest maturing on the 
OBG Guarantor’s Accounts and other additional cash flows expected to be 
deposited in the Accounts (to the extent not already included in the above). For the 
avoidance of doubt such calculation is performed with respect to the Eligible 
Portfolio as of the immediately preceding Reconciliation Date. 
“Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs” means any expected cost 
related to maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the Programme 
calculated as a lump sum as set out in the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
“Expected Payments” means, at any given time, any amount of interest payable in 
respect of the OBG and any amount to be paid in priority to, or pari passu with, any 
amount to be paid in respect of the OBG in each case in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments. For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts above will 
result to be estimated (if relevant) on the basis of the Portfolio or the Eligible 
Portfolio (as the case may be) being from time to time outstanding on the basis of 
the scheduled payments. For the avoidance of doubt such calculation is performed 
with respect to the Eligible Portfolio as of the immediately preceding Reconciliation 
Date.

--- Page 205 ---
205
“Limit to the Integration ” means the limits set forth under Article 129, paragraph 
1a of the CRR. 
“Loan to Value Ratio” means on a certain date and with reference to any single 
Mortgage Receivable, the ratio between: (a) the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the specific Mortgage Receivable and (b) the most recent Market Value of the Real 
Estate related to such Mortgage Receivable. 
“Negative Carry Corrector” means a percentage calculated by reference to the 
average margin payable on the outstanding Series of OBG weighted for the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of each outstanding Series of OBG plus 0.5 per cent. 
“Negative Report” means each of the report to be delivered by the Calculation 
Agent (or the Additional Calculation Agent, as the case may be) under the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement in case of breach of any of the Mandatory Tests, the 
Over-Collateralisation Test, the Amortisation Test or the Liquidity Buffer Test, as 
the case may be. 
“OC Calculation Date” means on any given date, (a) if no Negative Report is 
delivered by the Calculation Agent (or the Additional Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be) (or a Negative Report is delivered and the relevant breach has been cured), 
4 (four) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, or (b) if a Negative 
Report is delivered and until the relevant breach has been cured, 4 (four) Business 
Days before the end of each calendar month.  
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond 
or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, 
bond, or asset at such date. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio” means the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG” means the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the outstanding OBG. 
“Present Value” means, as of any date, the value resulting from discounting at a 
given discount rate a series of future payments or incomes (as the case may be). 
“Random Basis” means any process which selects Assets on a basis that is not 
designated to favour the selection of any identifiable class, type or quality of assets 
over all the Assets forming part of the Portfolio. 
“Real Estates” means the real estates subjected to mortgage as guarantee for 
Mortgage Receivables. 
“Receivables in Arrears” means those Mortgage Receivables which have at least 
one Unpaid Instalment but which have not yet been classified as unlikely to pay in 
respect of which the relevant credit line (affidamento creditizio) has been revoked 
or as Credito in Sofferenza.

--- Page 206 ---
206
“Reconciliation Date” means the last calendar day of each Collection Period or, for 
so long a breach of any of the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Test is outstanding, the 
last calendar day of each calendar month. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means in respect of any relevant Series or 
Tranche of OBG, the amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
OBG multiplied by (1+(Negative Carry Corrector * (days to the Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable) of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of OBG/365)); plus  
(b) 
any pro rata cost expected to be incurred by the OBG Guarantor up to the 
last Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable) with 
respect to the relevant Series or Tranche of OBG. 
“Selected Assets” means the Assets selected on a Random Basis to be sold by the 
OBG Guarantor, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay pursuant to the terms of 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement. 
“Unpaid Instalment” means a due instalment that has not been paid, also partially, 
within 30 days starting from the date on which it becomes due and payable. 
Over-Collateralisation Test 
The Portfolio and the other assets of the OBG Guarantor shall be also subject, as at 
each OC Calculation Date and prior to each issuance, to the following test, intended 
to ensure that the ratio between the OBG Guarantor’s assets and the OBG is 
maintained at a certain minimum level. UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) and any 
Additional Seller (if any) shall procure on a continuing basis and on each OC 
Calculation Date that the OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio shall be equal to or higher 
than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG (the “Over-Collateralisation 
Test”). 
The “OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio” shall be calculated as follows: (A+B+C+D) 
- Z 
Where 
“A” is the aggregate of the values determined in respect of each Mortgage 
Receivable as the lower of (i) E, and (ii) F, where 
“E” 
is P*M-T, where, 
“P” 
means (i) VO + J*(VI - VO) if VI results to be higher 
than or equal to VO, or (ii) VI*80 per cent. or 60 per 
cent. (depending on whether the Mortgage Receivable is 
a Residential Mortgage Receivable or a Non-Residential 
Mortgage Receivable) if VI is lower than VO; 
“VI” means the Market Value of the Real Estate;

--- Page 207 ---
207
“VO” means the original market value of the 
Real Estate; 
“J” means 70 per cent.; 
“M” 
means in respect of a Mortgage Receivable other than 
those Mortgage Receivables in respect of which (or in 
respect of the Loan Agreement from which such 
Mortgage Receivable arises) any of the representations 
and warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement have been breached to the extent the OBG 
Guarantor has not already been indemnified by the 
Seller (or by any Additional Seller, if applicable) (i) 100 
per cent. if the Mortgage Receivables is not a 
Receivable in Arrear or a Defaulted Receivable, or (ii) 
65 per cent. if the Mortgage Receivables is a Receivable 
in Arrear or (iii) 0 per cent. if the Mortgage Receivable 
is a Defaulted Receivable; 
“T” 
means any financial loss incurred by the OBG 
Guarantor due to any breach of any other material 
representation and warranty by the Seller (or by any 
Additional Seller, if applicable), to the extent the OBG 
Guarantor has not already been indemnified by the 
Seller (or by any Additional Seller, if applicable); 
“F” 
is the result of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Receivables other than those Mortgage Receivables in respect of 
which (or in respect of the Loan Agreement from which such 
Mortgage Receivable arises) any of the representations and 
warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement have 
been breached to the extent the OBG Guarantor has not already 
been indemnified by the Seller (or by any Additional Seller, if 
applicable), multiplied by the Asset Percentage minus T (as 
described above); 
“B” 
means the balance of the Accounts opened with the Account Bank; 
“C” 
means the balance of the Eligible Investments (with respect to the portion 
deriving from the Principal Collections only) without duplication with B 
and the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Public Securities without 
duplication with D; 
“D” 
means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Public Securities 
minus (i) those Public Securities in respect of which (or in respect of the 
agreement from which such Public Securities arises) any of the 
representations and warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement have been breached to the extent the OBG Guarantor has not 
already been indemnified by the Seller (or by any Additional Seller, if

--- Page 208 ---
208
applicable) and (ii) those Public Securities classified as Defaulted Public 
Securities, 
the amount resulting from the calculations above, multiplied by the Asset 
Percentage; 
“Z” 
means the amount resulting from the multiplication of (1) the higher of (a) 
zero and (b) the positive difference between (i) the weighted average 
residual life (expressed in years) from the relevant date until the applicable 
Maturity Date in respect of the OBG then outstanding and (ii) the expected 
weighted average life of the Portfolio (expressed in years), (2) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG, and (3) the Negative Carry 
Corrector; 
the calculations above will be performed without including any Integration Assets 
or Liquid Assets in excess of the Limit to the Integration. 
For the purpose of this section: 
“Asset Percentage” means, with reference to each OC Calculation Date, 93 per 
cent. (which is equivalent to a minimum overcollateralization of 7.5 per cent.) or 
such other lower Asset Percentage from time to time determined by the Issuer on 
behalf of the OBG Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the OBG 
Holders, the Calculation Agent and the Additional Calculation Agent by not later 
than 5 Business Days before each OC Calculation Date. 
If either (a) the Counterparty Risk Assessment of UniCredit S.p.A. (as Issuer and 
Seller) (or the Additional Sellers, if any and as the case may be) falls below “P-
2(cr)” in respect of short-term debt or “A3(cr)” in respect of long term debt by 
Moody’s, or (b) the sum of the Set-off Amount and the Commingling Amount is 
higher than 5% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio, then 
UniCredit S.p.A. (as Seller and Issuer) (or the Additional Sellers) (as the case may 
be) shall notify Moody’s and the Representative of the OBG Holders of such event 
and of the amount which may be subject to set-off in respect of any Mortgage 
Receivable, if applicable; such amounts will have to be communicated by UniCredit 
S.p.A. (as Seller and Issuer) or the Additional Sellers, if any (as the case may be), to 
Moody’s on a quarterly basis.  
Further to such downgrading, and (a) for so long as the rating is not re-established 
at least at such levels (or for so long as UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) and/or the 
Additional Seller (if any) do not take any action to maintain the initial rating (if any) 
assigned to the OBG), or (b) for so long as the sum of the Set-off Amount and the 
Commingling Amount is higher than 5% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Eligible Portfolio, then the determination of the Asset Percentage shall be 
modified so as to deduct such amounts which may be subject to a set-off by the 
relevant Debtors (i.e. the Set-Off Amount), as calculated by UniCredit S.p.A. (as 
Seller and Issuer) or the Additional Sellers, if any, as the case may be. 
If (a) the Counterparty Risk Assessment of the Servicer (or the Substitute Servicer, 
if any) falls below “P-2(cr)” in respect of short-term debt or “A3(cr)” in respect of

--- Page 209 ---
209
long term debt by Moody’s, or (b) the sum of the Set-off Amount and the 
Commingling Amount is higher than 5% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Eligible Portfolio, then the Servicer shall notify Moody’s and the Representative 
of the OBG Holders of such event. Further to such downgrading, and (a) for so long 
as the rating is not re-established above such levels (or for so long as the Servicer, 
and/or the Substitute Servicer (if any), do not take any action to maintain the initial 
rating (if any) assigned to the OBG), or (b) for so long as the sum of the Set-off 
Amount and the Commingling Amount is higher than 5% of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Eligible Portfolio, if the measures indicated under Clause 
3.2(B) of the Servicing Agreement will not be put in place, then the determination 
of the Asset Percentage shall be modified so as to consider the amounts which may 
be subject to commingling risk (i.e. the Commingling Amount) in case of 
bankruptcy of the Servicer (or the Substitute Servicer, if any). 
“Commingling Amount” means the amount of Collections which may be subject to 
commingling risk in case of bankruptcy of the Servicer (or the Successor Servicer, 
if any), as calculated by UniCredit S.p.A. (as Servicer) or the Successor Servicer, if 
any (as the case may be). 
“Loan Agreement” means, collectively, the Non-Residential Loan Agreements and 
the Residential Loan Agreements.  
“Set-Off Amount” means the sum of any amount which may be subject to set-off in 
respect of any Mortgage Receivable, as calculated by UniCredit S.p.A. (as Seller 
and Issuer) or the Additional Sellers, if any (as the case may be). 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test has the scope to ensure that on each Calculation Date 
following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default) the Amortisation Amount (as defined below) will be an amount at 
least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG as calculated 
on the relevant Calculation Date. Failure to satisfy the Amoritsation Test on any 
relevant Calculation Date will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default 
The Amortisation Test will be calculated on each Calculation Date as follows: 
Amortisation Amount >= the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBGs 
where, 
“Amortisation Amount” means (A + B + C + D) – Z, 
where 
“A” is the aggregate of the values determined in respect of each Mortgage Loan as 
the lower between (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Receivable * M, and (ii) P * M; 
“M” means in respect of a Mortgage Receivable (i) 100 per cent. if the Mortgage 
Receivable is not a Receivable in Arrear or a Defaulted Receivable, or (ii) 65 per

--- Page 210 ---
210
cent. if the Mortgage Receivable is a Receivable in Arrear or (iii) 0 per cent. if the 
Mortgage Receivable is a Defaulted Receivable;  
“P” means (i) VO + J * (VI - VO) if VI results to be higher than or equal to VO, or 
(ii) VI * 80 per cent. or 60 per cent. (depending on whether the Mortgage 
Receivable is a Residential Mortgage Receivable or a Non-Residential Mortgage 
Receivable) if VI is lower than VO; 
“VI” means the Market Value of the Real Estate; 
“VO” means the original market value of the Real Estate; 
“J” means 70 per cent.; 
“B” means the balance of the Accounts opened with the Account Bank; 
“C” means the balance of the Eligible Investments purchased using Principal 
Collections (without duplication with B) and the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Public Securities which are not included under point D below; 
“D” means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Public Assets minus 
(i) those Public Assets in respect of which (or in respect of the agreement from 
which such Public Securities arises) any of the representations and warranties set 
out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement have been breached to the extent the 
OBG Guarantor has not already been indemnified by the Seller (or by any 
Additional Seller, if applicable) and (ii) those Public Assets classified as Defaulted 
Receivables or Defaulted Public Security (as the case may be); 
“Z” means the sum of (A) and (B) where: 
(A) 
means the amount resulting from the multiplication of the higher of 
(1) the higher of (a) zero and (b) the positive difference between (i) 
the weighted average residual life (expressed in years) from the 
relevant date until the applicable Maturity Date in respect of the OBG 
then outstanding and (ii) the expected weighted average life of the 
Portfolio (expressed in years), (2) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the OBG, and (3) the Negative Carry Corrector; and 
(B) 
means on any given date on which the Amortisation Test is calculated, 
the higher of zero and U plus V minus W; 
where: 
“U” 
means the sum of the aggregate amount of interest payable in respect 
of all Series of OBG from the date of the relevant calculation up to 
and including the relevant Maturity Date. 
“V” 
means the product of: 
(i) 
the higher of (a) zero; and (b) the difference between (a) the 
expected weighted average life of the Portfolio (expressed in 
years) and (b) the weighted average residual life (expressed in

--- Page 211 ---
211
years) from the relevant date until the relevant Maturity Date 
in respect of the OBG then outstanding, 
(ii) 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series on 
the last day of the previous calendar month, and 
(iii) 
the weighted interest rate payable on the OBG after the 
Maturity Date. 
“W” means the Expected Income.  
Liquidity Buffer Test 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, Article 7-duodecies of the Law 130 and with 
the BoI OBG Regulations, for so long as the OBG remain outstanding, the Issuer 
shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation 
Date or on any other date on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Test is 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents that the amount of Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum 
cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days (the 
“Liquidity Buffer Test”). In accordance with Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter 
c), of the Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts shall be 
considered to contribute to the Eligible Portfolio, provided that such liquid assets 
satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in Article 7-novies, 
paragraph 1, letter a), of the Law 130. 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets identified under Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, 
letter a) and letter b), of the Law 130, provided that such assets satisfy the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 129 of the CRR and 
qualify as Eligible Investments. 
“Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date” means the Calculation Date. 
“Net Liquidity Outflow” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, 
including principal and interest payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on 
the same day for claims related to the cover assets, calculated in accordance with 
Article 7-duodecies of the Law 130 and Section III, paragraph 3. of the BoI OBG 
Regulation. 
Reserve Account 
The Reserve Account is held in the name of the OBG Guarantor for the purpose of 
setting aside, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the amount necessary to reach the 
Total Target Reserve Amount. 
In the event that a payment is required to the OBG Guarantor under the OBG 
Guarantee, such Total Target Reserve Amount is determined in an amount sufficient 
to ensure that on each Guarantor Payment Date that, the OBG Guarantor would 
have sufficient funds set aside to pay an amount equal to to the sum of (A) (B) and 
(C)

--- Page 212 ---
212
where  
(A) means the amount of interest accrued on the OBG until that Guarantor 
Payment Date (inclusive) and not yet paid by the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor;  
(B) means the amount of interest due and payable by the OBG Guarantor on the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date (without double counting 
with (A); and  
(C) means an amount equal to 0.30% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
Portfolio as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period.  
The Total Target Reserve Amount will be accumulated over time allocating the 
amount of excess spread available, from time to time, according to the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
Therefore the Total Target Reserve Amount is expected to increase over time upon 
each relevant Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 213 ---
213
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
ACCOUNTS 
The following accounts (together with any other account to be opened in accordance 
with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the “Accounts”) shall be 
established and maintained with the Account Bank and the Paying Agent as separate 
accounts in the name of the OBG Guarantor.  
The Collection Accounts, the Reserve Account and the Expenses Account (in each 
case as defined below) shall be held with the Account Bank for as long as the 
Account Bank qualifies as an Eligible Institution. 
The Payment Account, the Securities Account and the Eligible Investment Account 
shall be held with the Paying Agent for as long as the Paying Agent qualifies as an 
Eligible Institution. 
The Interest Collection Account 
Deposits. A Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the 
Account Bank into which: 
(i) 
on a daily basis by the end of the Business Day immediately following each 
date of actual collection, all the amounts received or recovered as interest in 
relation to the Assets – as they are collected in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement by the Servicer – will be deposited by the Servicer into 
the Interest Collection Account, together with all the payments (other than 
those in respect of principal) deriving from the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
on each Collection Date, any net interest amount accrued and liquidated on 
the Principal Collection Account, the Reserve Account and the Expenses 
Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period will be 
transferred to the Interest Collection Account;  
(iii) 
on each Liquidation Date (i) all proceeds arising out of the liquidation of the 
Eligible Investments (if any) purchased using amount standing to the credit 
of the Interest Collection Account, and (ii) any net interest amount or net 
yield component of the proceeds arising out of the liquidation of all the 
other Eligible Investments (if any) and Public Securities (if any, other than 
ones already included in the Eligible Investments), will be transferred to the 
Interest Collection Account;  
(iv) 
on the last day of each Collection Period, any net interest amount or net 
yield component arising out of Liquid Assets (other than cash deposit) (if 
any) will be transferred to the Interest Collection Account; and 
(v) 
on a daily basis any amount received as interest by the OBG Guarantor from 
any party to the Transaction Documents, other than any amount which is 
expressed to be paid to any other Account pursuant to the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement.

--- Page 214 ---
214
Withdrawals. 
(i) 
on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date 
all the amounts necessary to meet any payment obligation on the OBG 
Guarantor under the applicable Priority of Payments (as defined below) (and 
standing to the credit of the Interest Collection Account on the calendar day 
immediately preceding the last Collection Date) shall be transferred to the 
Payment Account (as defined below), together with any amount transferred 
to the Interest Collection Account on the immediately preceding Liquidation 
Date and necessary to meet such obligations; and 
(ii) 
on a weekly basis, upon instruction of the Cash Manager, all the amounts 
standing to the credit from time to time of the Interest Collection Account 
may be transferred to the Eligible Investments Account. 
(the “Interest Collection Account”). 
The Principal Collection Account 
Deposits. A Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the 
Account Bank into which, inter alia: 
(i) 
on a daily basis by the end of the Business Day immediately following each 
date of actual collection, all the amounts received or recovered as principal 
in relation to the Assets – as they are collected in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement by the Servicer – will be transferred by the Servicer to 
the Principal Collection Account, together with all the amounts in respect of 
principal deriving from the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, any amount paid in accordance with item 
(iv) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority will be transferred by 
the Paying Agent to the Principal Collection Account;  
(iii) 
on each Liquidation Date, all principal components of the proceeds arising 
out of the liquidation of any Eligible Investments (if any) and Public 
Securities (if any, other than the ones already included in the Eligible 
Investments) purchased using amount standing to the credit of the Principal 
Collection Account and any principal component of Integration Assets and 
Public Securities (if any, other than the ones already included in the Eligible 
Investments) will be transferred to the Principal Collection Account;  
(iv) 
on each date on which the Liquid Assets (other than cash deposit) (if any) 
are liquidated, all principal components of the proceeds arising out of the 
liquidation of any Liquid Assets (if any) will be transferred to the Principal 
Collection Account; 
(v) 
any amount granted by the Issuer to the OBG Guarantor under the 
Subordinated Loan for the purposes of complying with the Liquidity Buffer 
Test; and 
(vi) 
on a daily basis any principal amount received by the OBG Guarantor from 
any party to the Transaction Documents, other than any amount which is

--- Page 215 ---
215
expressed to be paid to any other Account pursuant to the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
Withdrawals. 
(i) 
on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date, 
all the amounts necessary to meet any payment obligation on the OBG 
Guarantor under the applicable Priority of Payments (and standing to the 
credit of the Principal Collection Account on the calendar day immediately 
preceding the last Collection Date) shall be transferred to the Payment 
Account together with any amount transferred from the Eligible Investments 
Account (if any) to the Principal Collection Account on the immediately 
preceding Liquidation Date and necessary to meet such obligations; 
(ii) 
on each Collection Date, any net interest amount accrued and liquidated on 
the Principal Collection Account during the preceding Collection Period 
shall be transferred to the Interest Collection Account;  
(iii) 
on a weekly basis, upon instruction of the Cash Manager, all the amounts 
standing to the credit from time to time to the Principal Collection Account 
(other than any net interest amount accrued and liquidated on the Principal 
Collection Account) may be transferred to the Eligible Investments Account; 
and 
(iv) 
on each date on which Liquid Assets (other than cash deposit) shall be 
purchased, the necessary amounts required to make such purchase shall be 
transferred to the Liquid Assets Securities Reserve Account. 
(the “Principal Collection Account” and, together with the Interest Collection 
Account, the “Collection Accounts”). 
The Reserve Account 
Deposits. A Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the 
Account Bank into which, inter alia: 
(i) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments, any amount necessary to reach the Total Target Reserve 
Amount shall be transferred by the Paying Agent to the Reserve Account;  
(ii) 
on each Liquidation Date, all principal components of the proceeds arising 
out of the liquidation of any Eligible Investments (if any) purchased using 
amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account shall be transferred to 
the Reserve Account; and 
(iii) 
on each Liquidation Date (i) all proceeds arising out of the liquidation of the 
Eligible Investments (if any) purchased using amount standing to the credit 
of the Reserve Account, and (ii) any net interest amount or net yield 
component of the proceeds arising out of the liquidation of all the other 
Eligible Investments (if any) and Public Securities (if any, other than ones 
already included in the Eligible Investments), will be transferred to the 
Reserve Account.

--- Page 216 ---
216
Withdrawals. 
(i) 
on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date 
corresponding to an OBG Payment Date, all the amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account and exceeding the Total Target Reserve 
Amount (if any) shall be transferred to the Payment Account;  
(ii) 
on each Collection Date, any net interest amount accrued and liquidated on 
the Reserve Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
shall be transferred to the Interest Collection Account; and 
(iii) 
on a weekly basis, upon instruction of the Cash Manager, the OBG 
Guarantor shall transfer or procure to transfer all the amounts standing to the 
credit from time to time to the Reserve Account (other than any net interest 
amount accrued and liquidated on the Reserve Account) to the Eligible 
Investments Account.  
(the “Reserve Account”). 
The Payment Account 
Deposits. A Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the 
Paying Agent into which, inter alia: 
(i) 
on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date, 
all the amounts necessary to meet any payment obligation on the OBG 
Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee and in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments (and standing to the credit of the Interest Collection 
Account on the calendar day immediately preceding the last Collection 
Date) shall be transferred from the Interest Collection Account to the 
Payment Account, together with any amount transferred to the Interest 
Collection Account on the immediately preceding Liquidation Date; 
(ii) 
on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date, 
all the amounts necessary to meet any payment obligation on the OBG 
Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee and in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments (and standing to the credit of the Principal Collection 
Account on the calendar day immediately preceding the last Collection 
Date) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Purchase Price 
Accumulation Amount) shall be transferred from the Principal Collection 
Account to the Payment Account together with any amount transferred from 
the Eligible Investments Account (if any) to the Principal Collection 
Account on the immediately preceding Liquidation Date;  
(iii) 
on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date, 
all the amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account and exceeding 
the Total Target Reserve Amount (if any) shall be transferred from the 
Reserve Account to the Payment Account; and 
(iv) 
(i) on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment 
Date (which is not the Programme Termination Date) and (ii) on the date

--- Page 217 ---
217
falling 2 Business Days before the Programme Termination Date, all the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account shall be credited 
from the Expenses Account to the Payment Account. 
Withdrawals.  
(i) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, all the amounts standing to the credit of 
the Payment Account shall be applied by the Paying Agent to make any 
payment to be executed according to the relevant Priority of Payments as 
shown in the Payments Report. 
(ii) 
On the date on which the Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio 
transferred in the context of a Revolving Assignment has to be paid in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, an amount equal to the 
lower of (a) the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount and (b) the Definitive 
Purchase Price of the New Portfolio, as the case may be, will be paid to the 
Seller and/or Additional Sellers (if any) by the Paying Agent and, after 
having made any such payment, any residual amount shall be transferred to 
the Principal Collection Account. 
(the “Payment Account”). 
“Definitive Purchase Price of the New Portfolio” has the meaning ascribed to the 
expression “Corrispettivo Definitivo del Portafoglio Successivo” under the Master 
Transfer Agreement. 
The Eligible Investments Account 
Deposits. A Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the 
Paying Agent into which, on a weekly basis, all the amounts standing from time to 
time to the credit of: 
(i) 
the Interest Collection Account; 
(ii) 
the Principal Collection Account (other than any net interest amount accrued 
and liquidated on the Principal Collection Account), and 
(iii) 
the Reserve Account (other than any net interest amount accrued and 
liquidated on the Reserve Account). 
may be transferred or procured to be transferred by the OBG Guarantor, upon 
instruction of the Cash Manager. 
Withdrawals. On each Liquidation Date, the OBG Guarantor shall transfer or 
procure to transfer: 
(i) 
all proceeds arising out of the liquidation of the Eligible Investments (if any) 
purchased using amount standing to the credit of the Interest Collection 
Account, and (ii) any net interest amount or net yield component of the 
proceeds arising out of the liquidation of all the other Eligible Investments 
(if any), to the Interest Collection Account;

--- Page 218 ---
218
(ii) 
all principal components of the proceeds arising out of the liquidation of any 
Eligible Investments (if any) purchased using amount standing to the credit 
of the Principal Collection Account to the Principal Collection Account, and 
(iii) 
all principal components of the proceeds arising out of the liquidation of any 
Eligible Investments (if any) purchased using amount standing to the credit 
of the Reserve Account to the Reserve Account. 
(the “Eligible Investments Account”). 
The Securities Account 
A Euro-denominated securities account opened with the Paying Agent into which, 
inter alia, the OBG Guarantor shall keep from time to time (i) the Public Securities 
or the Integration Assets owned by the OBG Guarantor as a result of investing in 
Eligible Investments and (ii) the Public Securities or the Integration Assets owned 
by the OBG Guarantor and purchased from the Seller or the Additional Seller (if 
any) (the “Securities Account”). 
The Expenses Account 
Deposits. A Euro-denominated current account established and maintained with the 
Account Bank into which, inter alia, the Paying Agent shall transfer, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, and in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments, any amount necessary to reach the Target Expenses Amount. 
Withdrawals. 
(i) 
at any time all the amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account 
shall be applied to pay the Expenses due and payable at any time; 
(ii) 
on each Collection Date, the OBG Guarantor shall transfer or procure to 
transfer any net interest amount accrued and liquidated on the Expenses 
Account during the immediately preceding Collection Period to the Interest 
Collection Account; and 
(iii) 
(i) on each date falling 2 Business Days before each Guarantor Payment 
Date (which is not the Programme Termination Date) and (ii) on the date 
falling 2 Business Days before the Programme Termination Date, all the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account shall be transferred 
to the Payment Account. 
(the “Expenses Account”). 
The Liquid Assets Securities Reserve Account 
Deposits. From time to time the OBG Guarantor may open a securities account with 
the Account Bank for the purposes of purchasing and depositing the Liquid Assets 
(other than cash deposit) in accordance with Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of the 
Law 130 and clause of 9 of the Portfolio Administration Agreement: (a) into which, 
on each date on which Liquid Assets (other than cash deposit) shall be purchased, 
the necessary amounts required to make such purchase shall be transferred from the

--- Page 219 ---
219
Principal Collection Account; and (b) where the Liquid Assets (other than cash 
deposit) owned by the OBG Guarantor will be deposited. 
Withdrawals. 
(i) 
on each date on which the Liquid Assets (other than cash deposit) are 
liquidated, all principal components of the proceeds arising out of the 
liquidation of the Liquid Assets (other than cash deposit) purchased using 
amount standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account will be 
transferred to the Principal Collection Account; and 
(ii) 
on the last day of each Collection Period, any net interest amount or net 
yield component arising from the Liquid Asset (other than cash deposit) will 
be transferred to the Interest Collection Account. 
(the “Liquid Assets Securities Reserve Account”). 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Eligible Institutions” means any banks in relation to which, on any given date, its 
long term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations and its 
short term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at 
least as high as the long term rating and short-term rating specified in column 2 of 
the table below corresponding to the category of the OBG as at the same day as 
specified in column 1 of the table below, provided however that if the OBG has 
been downgraded as a result of the downgrading of the relevant bank reference must 
be made to the category of the OBG as specified in column 1 of the table below 
immediately prior to such downgrade. 
Column 1 
Column 2 
Category of the OBG 
Long-term rating and short-term 
rating 
Aaa 
A3 and P-1 
Aa1 
Baa1 and P-2 
Aa2 
Baa2 and P-2 
Aa3 
Baa3 and P-3 
A1 
Baa3 and P-3 
 
“Expenses” means any OBG Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses and 
taxes to maintain it in good standing, to comply with applicable legislation and to 
preserve its corporate existence. 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets identified under Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, 
letter a) and letter b), of the Law 130, provided that such assets satisfy the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 129 of the CRR and 
qualify as Eligible Investments.

--- Page 220 ---
220
“Target Expenses Amount” means €50,000. 
“Initial Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of 
OBG. 
“Liquidation Date” means the date falling 4 Business Days before a Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the sum 
of (A), (B) and (C) 
where  
(A) means the amount of interest accrued on the OBG until that Guarantor 
Payment Date (inclusive) and not yet paid by the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor,  
(B) means the amount of interest due and payable by the OBG Guarantor on the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date (without double counting 
with (A)), and  
(C) means an amount equal to 0.30% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
Portfolio as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
CASH FLOWS 
This section summarises the cashflows of the OBG Guarantor only, as to the 
allocation and distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and 
their order of priority (all such orders of priority, the “Priority of Payments”) (a) 
prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following 
an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) 
following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority  
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG 
Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds to make payments in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof: (a) any OBG Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses and 
taxes to maintain it in good standing, to comply with applicable legislation 
and to preserve its corporate existence (the “Expenses”), to the extent that 
such costs and expenses have not been already met by utilising the amount 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account, and (b) all amounts due and 
payable to the Seller and/or to the Additional Seller (if any) or the party 
indicated by the Seller or by the Additional Seller (if any) as the case may 
be, in respect of the insurance premium element of the instalment (if any) 
collected by the OBG Guarantor during the preceding Collection Period 
with respect to the outstanding Asset;

--- Page 221 ---
221
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof any amount due and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to 
the Representative of the OBG Holders, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the 
Portfolio Manager, the Servicer and the Additional Servicer (if any), and to 
credit the Target Expenses Amount into the Expenses Account; 
(iii) 
third, to replenish the Reserve Account up to the Total Target Reserve 
Amount; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof any amount necessary to cover the amounts transferred from the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority according to item (i) on any 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date and not paid yet; 
(v) 
fifth, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) 
to pay the Corrispettivi Individuali in Linea Interessi of the Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets offered for sale by the Seller and/or by 
the Additional Seller (if any) in the context of a Revolving Assignment, 
Integration Assignment for the purposes of curing a breach of the Limit to 
the Integration, or Issuance Collateralisation in accordance with the 
provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement; (b) if the payment of any such 
purchase price shall be deferred in accordance with the provisions of the 
Master Transfer Agreement, to credit to the Payment Account the Purchase 
Price Accumulation Amount; (c) to pay any amount due and payable to the 
Seller and/or the Additional Seller (if any) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Master Transfer Agreement as Corrispettivi Individuali in Linea 
Interessi of the Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets offered for sale 
by the Seller and/or by the Additional Seller (if any) in the context of a 
Revolving Assignment, Integration Assignment for the purposes of curing a 
breach of the Limit to the Integration, or Issuance Collateralisation to the 
extent not previously paid by using the funds credited to the Payment 
Account as Purchase Price Accumulation Amount on the immediately 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date; and (d) all amounts due and payable to 
the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) (as the case may be), in 
accordance with the relevant transfer agreement provided that the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test 
would still be satisfied after such payment; 
(vi) 
sixth, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any and all outstanding fees, costs, liabilities and any other expenses to be 
paid to fulfil obligations to any other creditors and Secured Creditors of the 
OBG Guarantor incurred in the course of the OBG Guarantor’s business in 
relation to this Programme (other than amounts already provided for in this 
Priority of Payments) provided that the Over-Collateralisation Test, the

--- Page 222 ---
222
Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test would still be satisfied after 
such payment; 
(vii) 
seventh, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing 
and after the repayment request made by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
under the Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated loan provider, if 
any, under any additional subordinated loan), to pay pari passu and pro rata 
according to the respective amounts thereof, any principal amount due and 
payable as determined by the Subordinated Loan Provider (or additional 
subordinated loan provider, if any) under the Subordinated Loan (or the 
relevant additional subordinated loan, if any) provided that the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test 
would still be satisfied after such payment;  
(viii) 
eighth, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any Subordinated Loan Interest Amount due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated loan, if any) provided that 
the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity 
Buffer Test would still be satisfied after such payment, 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority”). 
“Target Expenses Amount” means at each Guarantor Payment Date the amount of 
€50,000. 
“Total Target Reserve Amount” ” means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the 
sum of (A), (B) and (C) 
where  
(A) 
means the amount of interest accrued on the OBG until that Guarantor 
Payment Date (inclusive) and not yet paid by the Issuer or the OBG 
Guarantor,  
(B) 
means the amount of interest due and payable by the OBG Guarantor on the 
immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date (without double counting 
with (A)), and  
(C) 
means an amount equal to 0.30% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
Portfolio as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the OBG 
Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds to make payments in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any amount due and payable under items (i) and (ii) (other than any 
amount due according to (i) b)) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest

--- Page 223 ---
223
Priority, to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on 
such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments in full; 
(ii) 
second, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (a) to 
pay the Corrispettivi Individuali in Linea Capitale of the Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets offered for sale by the Seller and/or by the 
Additional Seller (if any) in the context of a Revolving Assignment or 
Integration Assignment for the purposes of curing a breach of the Limit to 
the Integration in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement; (b) if the payment of any such purchase price shall be deferred 
in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement, to 
credit to the Payment Account the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount; 
and (c) to pay any amount due and payable to the Seller and/or the 
Additional Seller (if any) in accordance with the provisions of the Master 
Transfer Agreement as Corrispettivi Individuali in Linea Capitale of the 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets offered for sale by the Seller 
and/or by the Additional Seller (if any) in the context of a Revolving 
Assignment or Integration Assignment for the purposes of curing a breach 
of the Limit to the Integration to the extent not previously paid by using the 
funds credited to the Payment Account as Purchase Price Accumulation 
Amount on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
third, if a Programme Suspension Period has occurred and is continuing, to 
deposit on the Principal Collection Account any residual Principal Available 
Funds until an amount up to the Required Redemption Amount of any Series 
of OBG outstanding has been accumulated; 
(iv) 
fourth, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, all 
amounts due and payable to the Seller or the Additional Seller (if any) (as 
the case may be), in accordance with the relevant transfer agreement 
provided that the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Test would still be satisfied after such payment, to the 
extent not already paid under item (v) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority; 
(v) 
fifth, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any and all outstanding fees, costs, liabilities and any other expenses to be 
paid to fulfil obligations to any other creditors and Secured Creditors of the 
OBG Guarantor incurred in the course of the OBG Guarantor’s business in 
relation to this Programme (other than amounts already provided for in this 
Priority of Payments) provided that the Over-Collateralisation Test, the 
Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test would still be satisfied after 
such payment, to the extent not already paid under item (vi) of the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority;

--- Page 224 ---
224
(vi) 
sixth, provided that a Programme Suspension Period is not continuing, to 
pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof 
after the repayment request made by the Subordinated Loan Provider (or 
additional subordinated loan provider, if any) under the Subordinated Loan 
(or additional subordinated loan, if any), the amount due as principal 
redemption under the Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated loan, if 
any) provided that the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Mandatory Tests and 
the Liquidity Buffer Test would still be satisfied after such payment; 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority”). 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest Available Funds” shall include (a) 
any interest received from the Portfolio during the Collection Period immediately 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (b) any interest amount received by the 
OBG Guarantor as remuneration of the Accounts during the Collection Period 
immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (c) any amount received as 
interest by the OBG Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents (other 
than amounts already allocated under items (a) and (b)) during the Collection Period 
immediately preceding such Guarantor Payment Date, (d) any amount deposited in 
the Reserve Account as at the Calculation Date immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date (other than the amount already allocated under item (b)), 
(e) any amount deposited in the Interest Collection Account, as at the preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date, (f) the amount standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account (other than amounts already allocated under item (b)) at the end of the 
Collection Period preceding such Guarantor Payment Date (which is not a 
Programme Termination Date), (g) any net interest amount or income from any 
Eligible Investments or of the Public Securities (without duplication with the 
Eligible Investments) liquidated at the immediately preceding Liquidation Date, (h) 
provided that the Liquidity Buffer Test is satisfied, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Liquid Assets Securities Reserve Account. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Principal Available Funds” shall include: 
(a) any principal payment received during the Collection Period immediately 
preceding such Guarantor Payment Date; (b) any principal amount received by the 
OBG Guarantor as reimbursement of the Eligible Investments liquidated on the 
immediately preceding Liquidation Date arising from investment made using 
principal collection; (c) any principal amount received by the OBG Guarantor from 
any party to the Transaction Documents (other than the amounts already allocated 
under items (a) and (b)) during the Collection Period immediately preceding such 
Guarantor Payment Date; (d) any amount standing to the credit of the Principal 
Collection Account (other than the amounts already allocated under item (a)) at the 
end of the Collection Period preceding such Guarantor Payment Date net of any 
interest accrued thereon; (e) the amount standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account on the Programme Termination Date; (f) any principal amount arising out 
from the liquidation of Public Securities (without duplication with the (b) above) 
liquidated at the immediately preceding Liquidation Date arising from investment 
made using principal collection and (g) the positive difference (if any) between (1)

--- Page 225 ---
225
the Purchase Price Accumulation Amount credited to the Payment Account on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date and (2) the monies paid to the 
Seller and/or the Additional Seller in the context of a Revolving Assignment, in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, during the period between the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date and the immediately following Guarantor 
Payment Date, as consideration for the purchase of the New Portfolio by using the 
Purchase Price Accumulation Amount credited to the Payment Account on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Collection Period” means (a) prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any period between each Collection Date (included) and the following 
Collection Date (excluded), save for the first Collection Period, where the 
Collection Period is comprised between the Evaluation Date (included) in respect to 
the transfer of the first Portfolio and 1 April 2012 (excluded) and (b) after the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any period between two Business Days. 
“Collection Date” means 1 January, 1 April, 1 July and 1 October of each year and, 
following an Issuer Event of Default, the first calendar day of each month. 
“Evaluation Date” means (a) in respect of the Initial Portfolio the beginning of 1 
January 2012 and (b) in respect of any New Portfolio, the date indicated as such in 
the relevant offer for the transfer of New Portfolios. 
“Purchase Price Accumulation Amount” means an amount equal to the 
Provisional Purchase Price of the New Portfolio as determined with reference to a 
New Portfolio under the relevant Offer of Transfer. 
“Provisional Purchase Price of the New Portfolio” has the meaning ascribe to the 
expression “Corrispettivo Provvisorio del Portafoglio Successivo” under the Master 
Transfer Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Notice to Pay, but prior 
to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the OBG Guarantor will use the 
Available Funds, to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) the Expenses, to the extent that such costs and expenses have not 
been already met by utilising the amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account, (b) all amounts due and payable to the Seller and/or by 
the Additional Seller (if any) or the party indicated by the Seller or the 
Additional Seller (if any) as the case may be, in respect of the insurance 
premium element of the instalment (if any) collected by the OBG Guarantor 
during the preceding Collection Period with respect to the outstanding Asset 
still owned by the OBG Guarantor;

--- Page 226 ---
226
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof any amount due and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to 
the Representative of the OBG Holders, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the 
Portfolio Manager, the Servicer and the Additional Servicer (if any), and to 
credit the Target Expenses Amount into the Expenses Account; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any amount due and payable as interest on the OBG on their 
relevant OBG Payment Dates; 
(iv) 
fourth, to replenish the Reserve Account up to the Total Target Reserve 
Amount; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any amount due and payable as principal on the OBG on their 
relevant OBG Payment Dates; 
(vi) 
sixth, to deposit on the relevant OBG Guarantor’s Accounts any residual 
amount until all Series of OBG outstanding have been repaid in full; 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, all amounts due and payable to the Seller or the Additional Seller (if 
any) (as the case may be), in accordance with the relevant transfer 
agreement; 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any and all outstanding fees, costs, liabilities and any other 
expenses to be paid to fulfil obligations to any other creditors and Secured 
Creditors of the OBG Guarantor incurred in the course of the OBG 
Guarantor’s business in relation to this Programme (other than amounts 
already provided for in this Priority of Payments); 
(ix) 
ninth, after the repayment request made by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
(or additional subordinated loan provider, if any) under the Subordinated 
Loan (or additional subordinated loan, if any), to pay pari passu and pro 
rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any principal amount due 
and payable as determined by the Subordinated Loan Provider (or additional 
subordinated loan provider, if any) under the Subordinated Loan (or 
additional subordinated loan, if any); 
(x) 
tenth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any interest amount due under the Subordinated Loan (or additional 
subordinated loan, if any); and 
(xi) 
eleventh, after the repayment request made by the Subordinated Loan 
Provider (or additional subordinated loan provider, if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated loan, if any), to pay, pari 
passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any

--- Page 227 ---
227
principal amount due under the Subordinated Loan (or additional 
subordinated loan, if any); 
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority”). 
“Available Funds” shall include (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal 
Available Funds and (c) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Excess Proceeds. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts received by the OBG Guarantor as a result 
of any enforcement taken against the Issuer in accordance with Article 7-
quaterdecies, Paragraph 3 of the Law 130. 
“Negative Carry Corrector” means a percentage calculated by reference to the 
average margin payable on the outstanding Series of OBG weighted for the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of each outstanding Series of OBG plus 0.5 per cent.  
“Required Redemption Amount” means in respect of any relevant Series or 
Tranche of OBG, the amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series or Tranche of 
OBG multiplied by (1+(Negative Carry Corrector * (days to the Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable) of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of OBG/365)); plus  
(b) 
any pro rata cost expected to be incurred by the OBG Guarantor up to the 
last Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable) with 
respect to the relevant Series or Tranche of OBG. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following the service of a Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, the OBG Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof (a) any Expenses, to the extent that such costs and expenses have not 
been already met by utilising the amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account, and (b) all amounts due and payable to the Seller and/or 
to the Additional Seller (if any) or the party indicated by the Seller or by the 
Additional Seller (if any) as the case may be, in respect of the insurance 
premium element of the instalment (if any) collected by the OBG Guarantor 
during the preceding Collection Period with respect to the outstanding 
Asset; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof any amount due and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to 
the Representative of the OBG Holders, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Administrative Services Provider, the Asset Monitor, the

--- Page 228 ---
228
Portfolio Manager, the Servicer and the Additional Servicer (if any) and to 
credit the Target Expenses Amount into the Expenses Account; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata any interest and principal amount due 
and payable on the OBG; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, all amounts due and payable to the Seller or the Additional Seller (if 
any) (as the case may be), in accordance with the relevant transfer 
agreement; 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any and all outstanding fees, costs, liabilities and any other 
expenses to be paid to fulfil obligations to any other creditors and Secured 
Creditors of the OBG Guarantor incurred in the course of the OBG 
Guarantor’s business in relation to this Programme (other than amounts 
already provided for in this Priority of Payments); 
(vi) 
sixth, after the repayment request made by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
(or additional subordinated loan provider, if any) under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement (or additional subordinated loan agreement), to pay pari 
passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
principal amount due and payable as determined by the Subordinated Loan 
Provider (or additional subordinated loan provider, if any) under the 
Subordinated Loan (or additional subordinated loan, if any); 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any interest amount due under the Subordinated Loan (or additional 
subordinated loan, if any); and 
(viii) 
eighth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts 
thereof, any principal amount due under the Subordinated Loan (or 
additional subordinated loan, if any), 
(the “Post-Guarantor Events of Default Priority” and, together with the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority, are collectively referred to as the 
“Priority of Payments”).

--- Page 229 ---
229
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of all OBG will be applied by the 
Issuer for: 
(a) 
general funding purposes of the Group (including funding of the mortgage 
loans business of the Group); or 
(b) 
as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, including, without 
limitation, to be applied towards Eligible Projects/Green Projects (“Green 
OBG”), Eligible Projects/Social Projects (“Social OBG”) or a financing or 
re-financing of any combination of each of the Eligible Projects/Green 
Projects or Eligible Projects/Social Projects (“Sustainability OBG”). 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond 
Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only OBG financing or 
refinancing Eligible Projects/Green Projects or Eligible Projects/Social Projects, as 
the case may be, and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other 
criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) 
and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the “Investors” 
section of the Issuer’s website at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu (the “Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework”) will be classified as Green OBG, Social OBG 
or, as the case may be, Sustainability OBG. 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Eligible Projects/Green Projects” means projects identified as such in the 
Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
“Eligible Projects/Social Projects” means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 230 ---
230
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master transfer agreement 
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into on 13 January 2012, as from 
time to time amended (the “Master Transfer Agreement”), between the Seller and 
the OBG Guarantor, the Seller assigned to the OBG Guarantor the Initial Portfolio 
and the parties thereto agreed that the Seller may assign and transfer Mortgage 
Receivables satisfying the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria and other 
Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the OBG Guarantor from 
time to time, in the cases and subject to the limits for the transfer of further Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, on a revolving basis. 
The purchase price in respect of the Initial Portfolio has been determined pursuant 
to the Master Transfer Agreement. Under the Master Transfer Agreement the 
relevant parties thereto have acknowledged that the purchase price in respect of the 
Initial Portfolio shall be funded through the proceeds granted in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Further Assignments 
For the assignment of each New Portfolio comprised of Mortgage Receivables, the 
OBG Guarantor shall pay the Seller an amount equal to the aggregate of the 
individual receivable price (equal to the value of each Receivable as it results from 
the Seller’s latest balance sheet) of all the Mortgage Receivables in such New 
Portfolio. 
Each New Portfolio shall be composed exclusively of Assets or Integration Assets 
or Liquid Assets, which comply with the General Criteria and (if applicable in 
relation to the relevant issuance, the Specific Criteria) on the relevant purchase date, 
provided that, pursuant to the BoI OBG Regulations, the Master Transfer 
Agreement and the Portfolio Administration Agreement, total Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets shall not exceed the Limit to the Integration. 
The Further Assignments shall be aimed at: 
(a) 
collateralising and allowing the issue of further series of OBG by the Issuer, 
subject to the Limit to the Integration (the “Issuance Collateralisation 
Assignment”); 
(b) 
investing the Available Funds, provided that a Programme Suspension 
Period is not continuing (the “Revolving Assignment”); and/or 
(c) 
comply with the Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Limit 
to the Integration and/or the Liquidity Buffer Test in accordance with the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement (the “Integration Assignment”), 
subject to the limits referred to the Limit to the Integration. 
The obligation of the OBG Guarantor to purchase any New Portfolio shall be: 
(i) 
conditional upon (a) the existence of sufficient Available Funds to be 
applied under item (ii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority

--- Page 231 ---
231
of Payments for the perfection of Revolving Assignments, Issuance 
Collateralisation Assignments or Integration Assignments for the purpose of 
complying with the Limit to the Integration or (b) the funding of the 
requested amounts under the Subordinated Loan Agreement for the 
perfection of Issuance Collateralisation Assignments or Integration 
Assignments for the purpose of complying with the Mandatory Tests, the 
Over-Collateralisation Test and/or the Liquidity Buffer Test;  
(ii) 
conditional upon compliance with the following concentration thresholds: 
(a) as at the relevant Evaluation Date of each relevant Further Assignment, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Non-Residential Mortgage 
Receivables comprised in the Portfolio (including those purported to be 
assigned in the context of the relevant Further Assignment) shall not be 
higher than 30 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Portfolio; and (b) as at the relevant Evaluation Date of each relevant Further 
Assignment, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Receivables granted to employees of a company belonging to the UniCredit 
Banking Group comprised in the Portfolio (including those purported to be 
assigned in the context of the relevant Further Assignment) shall not be 
higher than 15 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Portfolio; and 
(iii) 
subject to certain conditions subsequent set out in the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Criteria 
Each of the receivables forming part of the Portfolio shall comply with all the 
General Criteria, while, in the context of the sale of further portfolios of Mortgage 
Receivables shall comply also with the relevant Specific Criteria.  
Price Adjustments 
The Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to 
which: 
(i) 
if, following the relevant Effective Date, any mortgage receivable which is 
part of the Initial Portfolio or of a New Portfolio does not meet the Criteria, 
then such mortgage receivable will be deemed not to have been assigned 
and transferred to the OBG Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
if, following the relevant Effective Date, any Mortgage Receivable which 
meets the Criteria but it is not part of the Initial Portfolio or of a New 
Portfolio, then such Mortgage Receivable shall be deemed to have been 
assigned and transferred to the OBG Guarantor as of the Evaluation Date of 
the relevant Portfolio, pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
In accordance with the above, the Seller and the OBG Guarantor have set up a 
proper mechanism to manage the necessary settlements for the substitution or

--- Page 232 ---
232
acquisition of the relevant Mortgage Receivables and the increase or decrease, as 
the case may be, of the amounts already paid as Purchase Price. 
Repurchase of receivables and pre-emption right 
The Seller is granted an option right, pursuant to article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, 
to repurchase the Mortgage Receivables and/or Public Securities and/or Liquid 
Assets individually or in block, also in different tranches. In order to exercise the 
option right, the Seller is required to pay the OBG Guarantor an amount equal to the 
sum of: (a) the purchase price paid to the Seller with reference to such Mortgage 
Receivable and/or Public Security and/or Liquid Asset, less (b) the total amount of 
the principal amounts collected in the period between the Evaluation Date 
(excluded) concerning such Mortgage Receivable and/or Public Security and/or 
Liquid Asset and the Date of Carve Out, plus (d) the possible damages and losses 
borne by the OBG Guarantor as consequences of any claim raised by third parties 
and referred to such Mortgage Receivable and/or Public Security and/or Liquid 
Asset. 
The Seller is granted a pre-emption right to repurchase Mortgage Receivables, 
Public Securities and Liquid Assets to be sold by the OBG Guarantor to third 
parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for such third parties. Such pre-
emption rights shall cease if the Seller is submitted to any of the procedures set 
forth in Title V of the Banking Law. 
Termination of the OBG Guarantor’s obligation to purchase and termination of the 
agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the OBG Guarantor to 
purchase New Portfolios shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the 
following: (i) a breach of the undertakings and duties assumed by the Seller 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the event such breach is not cured within 
the period specified in the Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; 
(ii) a breach of the Seller’s representations and warranties given in any of the 
Transaction Documents; (iii) a Seller’s material adverse change; (iv) an enforcement 
against the Sellers’ assets, winding-up of the Seller, opening of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding (excluding the resolution procedure and early intervention 
measures); (v) the Seller being submitted to judicial proceeding which may cause 
the occurrence of a material adverse change of the Seller; or (vi) the Programme 
Termination Date has occurred. Further to the occurrence of an event described 
above, the OBG Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to purchase New Portfolios. 
Undertakings 
The Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the 
Seller in respect of its activities in relation to the Mortgage Receivables, the Public 
Securities, the Guarantees, the Liquid Activities and the Loan Agreements. The 
Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities with respect 
to the Mortgage Receivables, the Public Securities, the Liquid Activities, the Loan 
Agreements and the Guarantees which may prejudice the validity or recoverability

--- Page 233 ---
233
of the same and in particular not to assign or transfer the Mortgage Receivables, the 
Public Securities, the Liquid Activities, the Loan Agreements and the Guarantees to 
any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or 
other right in favour of any third party in respect of the Mortgage Receivables, the 
Public Securities, the Liquid Activities, the Loan Agreements and the Guarantees. 
The Seller also has undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of 
the Mortgage Receivables or Guarantees to become invalid or to cause a reduction 
in the amount of any of the Mortgage Receivables or the Guarantees. The Master 
Transfer Agreement also provides that the Seller shall waive any set off rights in 
respect of the Mortgage Receivables and cooperate actively with the OBG 
Guarantor in any activity concerning the Mortgage Receivables. 
Main Definitions 
For the purposes of the Master Transfer Agreement: 
“Additional Guarantee” means any guarantee, establishing a right in rem or in 
personam, other than the Mortgages, provided by a Debtor, a Guarantor of a 
Receivable or a Public Security or by any other person or entity in order to 
guarantee (i) the payments of the Mortgage Receivables or the Public Securities (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the satisfaction of the obligations arising from the Loan 
Agreements or the Public Securities (as the case may be). 
“Date of Carve Out” means 30 Business Days starting from the date on which (i) 
the Seller or the OBG Guarantor (as the case maybe) has been served with a written 
notice or (ii) an agreement has been reached between the Seller and the OBG 
Guarantor or (iii) the date fixed by a third party in accordance with the Clause 9.6 
(Arbitraggio) of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Debtor” means any person, entity or subject, also different from the Beneficiary, 
who is liable for the payment of amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of 
a Mortgage Receivable or Security. 
“Guarantees” means jointly or, where the context otherwise requires, severally, the 
Mortgages and the Additional Guarantees. 
“Guarantor of a Receivable or Public Security” means any person, entity or 
subject, different from the Debtor and including any successor, who has granted a 
Mortgage or an Additional Guarantee in order to guarantee the payments of a 
Receivable or Security. 
“Mortgages” means the mortgages established on Real Estates from the relevant 
Mortgagor in order to guarantee the payments of the Mortgage Receivables. 
“New Portfolio” means any portfolio of Mortgage Receivables meeting the General 
Criteria and the Specific Criteria, Public Securities, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets which, further to the sale of the Initial Portfolio, the Seller will assign to the 
OBG Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Real Estates” means the real estates subjected to mortgage as guarantee for 
Mortgage Receivables.

--- Page 234 ---
234
Governing Law 
The Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, 
or in connection with it, are governed by Italian Law. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 13 January 2012, 
as amended from time to time, between the Seller and the OBG Guarantor (the 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), the Seller made certain representations 
and warranties to the OBG Guarantor. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the Master Transfer Agreement (and with 
reference to the representations and warranties concerning the Mortgage 
Receivables and the Securities, also on any relevant effective transfer date) and, 
with reference to the representations and warranties concerning the Transaction 
Documents, as of each relevant Issue Date, the Seller has given and will be deemed 
to repeat to the OBG Guarantor, inter alia, certain representations and warranties 
about: (i) its status and powers, (ii) the information and the documents provided to 
the OBG Guarantor, (iii) its legal title on the Assets (iv) the status of the Assets and 
(v) the terms and conditions of the Assets. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has undertaken to 
fully and promptly indemnify and hold harmless the OBG Guarantor and its 
officers, directors and agents (each, an “Indemnified Person”), from and against 
any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value 
added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for damages by third parties) 
awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations 
and/or warranties made by the Seller under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
being actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Seller to perform 
any of the obligations and undertakings assumed by the Seller. 
Without prejudice of the foregoing, the Seller has further undertaken that, if any 
Mortgage Receivable or Public Security does not exist, in whole or in part, 
(including where such non existence is based only on a judicial pronouncement that 
is not definitive), the Seller shall immediately pay the OBG Guarantor any damage, 
costs, expenses incurred by the OBG Guarantor. In the event that, thereafter, any 
definitive judicial pronouncement recognises that such Mortgage Receivable or 
Public Security exists, the OBG Guarantor shall repay the amounts mentioned 
above received by the Seller on the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment 
Date, in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The parties to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement agreed that, further to the 
breach of any of the representations and warranties which have not been 
indemnified by the Seller within 30 days from the notice of the breach, the Seller is 
entitled to exercise a call option and the OBG Guarantor a put option, in respect of 
the Mortgage Receivables and the Securities with reference to which a breach of the 
representations and warranties occurred.

--- Page 235 ---
235
Governing Law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with it, are governed by Italian Law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to a subordinated loan agreement entered into on 13 January 2012, as 
amended from time to time, between the Seller and the OBG Guarantor (the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement”), the Seller granted the OBG Guarantor a 
subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to 
€ 40,000,000,000, save for further increases to be determined by the Seller as 
subordinated loan provider. Under the provisions of such agreement, upon the 
relevant disbursement notice being filed by the OBG Guarantor, the Seller shall 
make advances to the OBG Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant price of the 
Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolios transferred from time to time to the OBG 
Guarantor in view of (a) collateralising the issue of further OBG or (b) carrying out 
an integration of the Portfolio, through Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets, 
in order to prevent a breach of the Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test 
and/or the Liquidity Buffer Test or (c) allow the OBG Guarantor to establish a 
sufficient cash reserve to comply with the Liquidity Buffer Test. 
The OBG Guarantor shall pay any amounts due under the Subordinated Loan in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. The OBG Guarantor shall use 
the proceeds arising from the Subordinated Loan Agreement: (i) as consideration in 
part for the acquisition of Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master 
Transfer Agreement, as described above, and/or (ii) to invest in Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit. 
The Subordinated Loan shall bear interest in an amount equal to the algebraic sum 
of: 
(i) 
(+) the higher of (a) the amount of interest accrued on the Portfolio during 
the relevant Interest Period of the Subordinated Loan and (b) the Interest 
Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) (a) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vii) of the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority or (b) following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay, the sum of any 
amount paid under items from (i) to (viii) of the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority or (c) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vi) of the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority; 
(the “Subordinated Loan Interest Amount”). 
The OBG Guarantor shall reimburse any amount due as principal under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement on a lump sump on the last Maturity Date or the 
Extended Maturity Date, where applicable. If an interpretation of the Bank of Italy, 
or other competent authority, confirms the possibility for the OBG Guarantor to

--- Page 236 ---
236
partially repay the Subordinated Loan prior to the repayment of all the OBG, subject 
to certain conditions set out therein, the OBG Guarantor will reimburse the 
Subordinated Loan upon receipt of a request to that effect from the Seller. 
Governing Law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of, or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
OBG Guarantee 
Pursuant to a guarantee entered into on 19 January 2012, as amended from time to 
time, between the OBG Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders, the 
OBG Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the OBG (the “OBG Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of Law 
130. 
Under the terms of the OBG Guarantee, if the Issuer defaults in the payment on the 
due date (subject to any applicable grace periods) of any moneys due and payable 
under or pursuant to the OBG, or if any other Issuer Event of Default occurs and the 
service by the Representative of the OBG Holders of a Notice to Pay, the OBG 
Guarantor has agreed (subject as described below) to pay, or procure to be paid, 
unconditionally and irrevocably to or to the order of the Representative of the OBG 
Holders (for the benefit of the OBG Holders), any amounts due under the OBG as 
and when the same were originally due for payment by the Issuer, as of any 
Maturity Date or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, paragraph 1, of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as 
applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations, and Article 4 of 
the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310, 
as amended from time to time (the “MEF Decree”) and Article 7-quaterdecies of 
the Law 130 (as applicable), the guarantee provided under the OBG Guarantee is a 
first demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional (incondizionata), irrevocable 
(irrevocabile) and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore 
provides for direct and independent obligations of the OBG Guarantor vis-à-vis the 
OBG Holders and with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any 
invalidity, irregularity, unenforceability or genuineness of any of the guaranteed 
obligations of the Issuer. The provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to 
fideiussione set forth in Articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 
1 (Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 
(Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto 
del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 
(Scadenza dell 'obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the OBG Guarantee. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor, but prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, payment by the OBG Guarantor of the 
Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to the OBG Guarantee will be made, subject to and 
in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority, on the relevant 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, provided that, if an Extended Maturity Date is

--- Page 237 ---
237
envisaged under the relevant Final Terms and actually applied, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the OBG Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date 
thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. In addition, 
where the OBG Guarantor is required to make a payment of a Guaranteed Amount 
in respect of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series of OBG, to the extent that the OBG Guarantor has insufficient 
moneys available after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into account 
amounts ranking pari passu therewith in the relevant Priority of Payments, to pay 
such Guaranteed Amounts, it shall make partial payments of such Guaranteed 
Amounts in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority. 
If, following the service of a Notice to Pay served as a result of the taking of a 
resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law, the Issuer Event of Default 
consisting of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law issued in 
respect of the Issuer that had caused the service of such notice is cured and no other 
Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, the Representative of the OBG Holders will deliver to the OBG 
Guarantor a notice (the “Cure Notice”) informing the OBG Guarantor that the 
Issuer Event of Default (consisting of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Banking Law issued in respect of the Issuer) then outstanding has been revoked and 
the OBG Guarantor’s obligation to make payment of the Guaranteed Amounts in 
accordance with the OBG Guarantee shall cease to apply until the OBG Guarantee 
has newly enforced by the Representative of the OBG Holders. 
Following the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice all OBG of all Series will 
accelerate, in accordance with the Conditions, against the OBG Guarantor becoming 
due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and the 
Available Funds shall be applied in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Events of 
Default Priority. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the OBG Guarantor will be 
made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless 
such withholding or deduction of such taxes, assessments or other governmental 
charges are required by law or regulation or administrative practice of any 
jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the OBG Guarantor 
will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall 
account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or 
deducted. The OBG Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount to any OBG 
Holder in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to 
Pay on the OBG Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of 
Default, and with reference and as of the date of administrative liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions

--- Page 238 ---
238
of Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree and Article 7-quaterdecies of the Law 
130 (as applicable), the OBG Guarantor, shall substitute the Issuer in all obligations 
of the Issuer towards the OBG Holders in accordance with the terms and conditions 
originally set out for the OBG, so that the rights of payment of the OBG Holders in 
such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the OBG Guarantor on the Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the OBG Guarantor in the 
performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the OBG, the OBG 
Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the OBG Holders) shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with the 
provisions of Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree and Article 7-quaterdecies 
of the Law 130 (as applicable), the rights of the OBG Holders vis-à-vis the Issuer 
and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
As a consequence and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the OBG Holders 
have irrevocably delegated to the OBG Guarantor (also in the interest and for the 
benefit of the OBG Guarantor) the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to 
enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
OBG including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions 
provided under the Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose, 
the OBG Holders, upon request of the OBG Guarantor, shall provide the OBG 
Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem 
necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct 
performance of its mandate. 
For the purposes of the OBG Guarantee: 
“Due for Payment Date” means (i) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date or (ii) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice is served on the OBG Guarantor. If the Due for 
Payment Date is not a Business Day, the Due for Payment Date will be the next 
following Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, the Due for Payment Date 
does not refer to any earlier date upon which payment of any Guaranteed Amounts 
may become due under the guaranteed obligations, by reason of prepayment, 
mandatory or optional redemption or otherwise. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means, (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Acceleration 
Notice, with respect to any Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to 
the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that 
Guarantor Payment Date and all amounts payable by the OBG Guarantor under the 
Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to the OBG 
according to the applicable Priority of Payments, or (ii) after the service of a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable 
in respect of the OBG, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts 
payable by the OBG Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to 
any payment due in respect to the OBG according to the applicable Priority of

--- Page 239 ---
239
Payments, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after 
the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid 
on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on 
behalf of the Issuer to the OBG Holders to the extent it has been clawed back and 
recovered from the OBG Holders by the receiver or liquidator, in bankruptcy or 
other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, 
and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back 
Amounts”). 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(A) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Guaranteed Amounts is reached, and (B) only with respect to the first 
Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following 
service of the Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts and (ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is 
applicable to the relevant series of OBG, the OBG Payment Date that would 
apply if the Maturity Date of such series of OBG had been the Extended 
Maturity Date or such other OBG Payment Date(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Scheduled Interest” means in respect of each OBG Payment Date (i) following an 
Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor, an 
amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been due and 
payable under the OBG on such OBG Payment Date as specified in the Conditions 
falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor (but excluding 
any additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon 
interest, which are hereinafter referred to as the “Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts”) payable by the Issuer and (ii) following the service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which 
would have been due and payable under the OBG on each OBG Payment Date as 
specified in the Conditions falling on or after the service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice and including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts 
(whenever the same arose), less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made 
under the circumstances set out in the Conditions. 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the OBG 
Guarantee, each OBG Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means in respect of each OBG Payment Date (i) following 
an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor, 
an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been due 
and repayable under the OBG on such OBG Payment Dates or the Maturity Date (as 
the case may be) as specified in the Conditions (but excluding any additional

--- Page 240 ---
240
amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, 
penalties or premiums, which are hereinafter referred to as the “Excluded 
Scheduled Principal Amounts”) payable by the Issuer and (ii) following the 
service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the amount in 
respect of principal which would have been due and repayable under the OBG on 
each OBG Payment Dates or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in 
the Conditions and including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts 
(whenever the same arose). 
Governing Law 
The OBG Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to a servicing agreement entered into on 13 January 2012, as amended 
from time to time, between the Servicer and the OBG Guarantor (the “Servicing 
Agreement”), the Servicer has agreed to administer and service the Mortgage 
Receivables, on behalf of the OBG Guarantor. The appointment to the Servicer is 
not a mandate in rem propriam and, therefore, the OBG Guarantor is entitled to 
revoke or terminate the same in accordance with the provisions set forth in the 
Servicing Agreement. 
As consideration for the activity performed and reimbursement of expenses, the 
Servicing Agreement provides that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by 
the OBG Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its 
best diligence and highest ethical standards, inter alia, the activities specified 
below: 
(i) 
administration, management and collection of the Mortgage Receivables in 
accordance with the Collection Policies; management and administration of 
enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(ii) 
to perform certain activities with reference to the data processing pursuant 
to Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003, as amended and 
supplemented by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with 
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such 
data (the “Privacy Law”); 
(iii) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the documents relating to the transfer 
of the Mortgage Receivables from the Seller to the OBG Guarantor; to 
consent to the OBG Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders 
to examine and inspect the Documents and to draw copies; and

--- Page 241 ---
241
(iv) 
upon the occurrence of an Issuer Events of Default, the Servicer may or, in 
certain case, must, in the name and on behalf of the OBG Guarantor, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, selling or offer to sell to third parties one or 
more Assets. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third 
parties, except for the supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy 
Regulations of 5 August 1996, No. 216, as amended and supplemented. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the activities 
performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the OBG 
Guarantor fully indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the 
activity performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit reports to the OBG Guarantor, 
the Administrative Services Provider, the Representative of the OBG Holders and 
the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing 
information about the Collections made in respect of the Portfolio during the 
preceding Collection Period. The reports will provide the main information relating 
to the Servicer’s activity during the period, including without limitation: a 
description of the Portfolio (outstanding amount, principal and interest), information 
relating to delinquencies, defaults and collections during the Collection Period. 
On an annual basis, an audit firm agreed with between the parties will be instructed 
to issue an audit report on the activities (including monitoring activities) performed 
by the Servicer throughout the last year. 
Successor Servicer 
According to the Servicing Agreement, upon the occurrence of a termination or 
withdrawal event, the OBG Guarantor shall have the right to withdraw the 
appointment of the Servicer and, subject to the approval in writing of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, to appoint a different entity (the “Successor 
Servicer”). The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of 
administration, management and collection of the Mortgage Receivables, as well as 
all other activities provided for in the Servicing Agreement by entering into a 
servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as the 
Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The OBG Guarantor may terminate the Servicer’s appointment and appoint a 
Successor Servicer following the occurrence of any of the termination event (each a 
“Servicer Termination Event”). The Servicer Termination Events include: 
(i) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the Servicer within 10 
Business Days from the date on which such amount has been required to be 
transferred, paid or deposited;

--- Page 242 ---
242
(ii) 
failure to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the Servicing 
Agreement and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business 
Days following receipt of written notice from the OBG Guarantor; 
(iii) 
an insolvency, liquidation or winding up event occurs with respect to the 
Servicer; 
(iv) 
failure to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents and 
the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following 
receipt of written notice from the OBG Guarantor where such breach 
prejudiced the reliance of the OBG Guarantor on the Servicer; 
(v) 
amendments of the functions and services involved in the management of 
the Mortgage Receivables and in the recovery and collection procedures, if 
such amendments may individually or jointly, prevent the Servicer from 
fulfilling the obligations assumed under the Servicing Agreement; and 
(vi) 
inability of the Servicer to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of 
Italy’s regulations for entities acting as servicer. 
The Servicing Agreement provides several actions to be taken by the Servicer if and 
for so long as the rating of the Servicer (or the Successor Servicer, if any) shall, 
inter alia, fall below “P-2(cr)” (short term) or “A3(cr)” (long term) by Moody’s, 
unless, pursuant to the Portfolio Administration Agreement, taking into account the 
changes to the applicable Asset Percentage made under these circumstances the 
Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Over-Collaterisation Test are 
complied with. One of such actions is the notification to all Debtors of the details of 
a new bank account opened with an Eligible Institution in the name of the OBG 
Guarantor, on which the Debtors will have to transfer the amounts due under the 
Assets. 
Back-Up Servicer 
In case of loss by the Servicer of the minimum required ratings provided for under 
the Servicing Agreement, the OBG Guarantor shall appoint within 30 Business 
Days from the date on which such loss has been notified by the Servicer, a financial 
intermediary or a bank, having the requirements provided for in relation to the 
Successor Servicer and which will take the place of the Servicer in case of 
termination of the Servicing Agreement (the “Back-Up Servicer”). The Back-Up 
Servicer shall enter into, inter alia, a servicing agreement having substantially the 
same form and contents as the Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and 
conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Administrative Services Agreement 
Pursuant to an administrative services agreement entered into on 13 January 2012, 
as amended from time to time, (the “Administrative Services Agreement”),

--- Page 243 ---
243
between the Administrative Services Provider (as successor of UniCredit Credit 
Management Bank S.p.A. as original administrative services provider and 
subsequentely doBank S.p.A. and Italfondiario S.p.A.) and the OBG Guarantor, the 
Administrative Services Provider has agreed to provide the OBG Guarantor with a 
number of administrative services, including the keeping of the corporate books and 
of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing Law 
The Administrative Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Pursuant to an intercreditor agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as amended 
from time to time, (the “Intercreditor Agreement”) among, inter alia, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Representative of the OBG Holders (in its own capacity and as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the OBG Holders), the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the Administrative Services Provider, the 
Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor and the 
Calculation Agent, the parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the OBG 
Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the OBG Guarantor’s 
payment obligations towards the OBG Holders as well as the other Secured 
Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the OBG Holders 
will, subject to a Guarantor Events of Default having occurred and the service of a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or 
towards satisfaction of the OBG Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the OBG 
Holders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the OBG Guarantor to each of the OBG Holders and each 
of the other Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the OBG 
Guarantor. The OBG Holders and the other Secured Creditors will have a claim 
against the OBG Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case 
subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
The OBG Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, in the interest of the OBG Holders and the 
other Secured Creditors, to act in the name and on behalf of the OBG Guarantor on 
the terms and conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, in exercising the 
rights of the OBG Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party, other than the rights related to the collection and recovery of the Mortgage 
Receivables and to cash and payment services (save, in this respect, as provided 
otherwise therein).

--- Page 244 ---
244
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer will publish, on its website and 
at least on a quarterly basis, the information on the Programme that is sufficiently 
detailed to allow investors to assess the profile and risks of the Programme and to 
carry out their due diligence in accordance with, and as required by, Article 7-
septiesdecies of the Law 130 and Section V of the BoI OBG Regulations. 
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or 
in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement  
Pursuant to a cash management and agency agreement entered into on 19 January 
2012, as amended from time to time, between, inter alia, the OBG Guarantor, the 
Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Seller, the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, the Administrative Services Provider, the Calculation 
Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent and the Representative of the OBG Holders 
(the “Cash Management and Agency Agreement”): 
(i) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain the Collection 
Accounts, the Reserve Account, the Expenses Account and the Liquid 
Assets Securities Reserve Account (if any) and to provide, inter alia, the 
OBG Guarantor, prior to each Calculation Date, with a report together with 
account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time standing 
to the credit of the accounts above mentioned; 
(ii) 
the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the OBG Guarantor, on or prior to 
each Calculation Date, with a report together with certain cash management 
services in relation to moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent (with the cooperation of the Additional Calculation 
Agent) will provide, inter alia, the OBG Guarantor: (i) with a payments 
report (the “Payments Report”) which will set out the Available Funds and 
the payments to be made on the following OBG Payment Date, (ii) with an 
asset cover report including the relevant calculations in respect of the 
Mandatory Tests and the Limit to the Integration (the “Asset Cover 
Report”), pursuant to the provisions of the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement, (iii) with a report including the relevant calculations in respect 
of the Amortisation Test (the “Amortisation Report”), pursuant to the 
provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, (iv) with a report 
including the relevant calculations in respect of the Over Collateralisation 
Test (the “Over Collateralisation Report”), pursuant to the provisions of 
the Portfolio Administration Agreement, (v) with a liquidity buffer test 
report including the relevant calculations in respect of the Liquidity Buffer 
Test (the “Liquidity Buffer Test Report”), pursuant to the provisions of the 
Portfolio Administration Agreement and (vi) with an investors report (the 
“Investors Report”) which will set out certain information with respect to 
the Portfolio and the OBG;

--- Page 245 ---
245
(iv) 
the Additional Calculation Agent will cooperate with the Calculation Agent 
in preparing: (i) each Payments Report and (ii) each Investors Report; and 
(v) 
the Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor with 
certain payment services in respect of the OBG and has agreed to establish 
and maintain the Payment Account, the Eligible Investments Account and 
the Securities Account. Following the delivery of a Notice to pay or a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Paying Agent shall make payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Guaranteed Amounts on behalf of the 
OBG Guarantor upon being so instructed. 
Upon the occurrence of certain events with the reference to the Account Bank, the 
Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent, including: 
(i) 
the default to perform their own duties and obligations under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the cessation or the threat to cease to carry on their business or a substantial 
part of their business or the interruption of payments or the threat to interrupt 
payment of their debts; and 
(iii) 
the inability to perform their obligations under such agreement for a period 
of sixty days by reason of circumstances beyond their respective reasonable 
control; 
either the Representative of the OBG Holders or the OBG Guarantor, provided that 
(in the case of the OBG Guarantor) the Representative of the OBG Holders consents 
in writing to such termination, may terminate the appointment of the relevant Agent 
under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. Notwithstanding 
the above, none of the Agents shall be released from its respective obligations under 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement until the relevant substitute has been 
appointed by the Representative of the OBG Holders and/or the OBG Guarantor and 
has entered into the Intercreditor Agreement, the Master Definitions Agreement and 
an agreement on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Portfolio Administration Agreement 
Pursuant to a portfolio administration agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, 
as amended from time to time, between the OBG Guarantor, UniCredit (as Issuer, 
Seller, Servicer and Subordinated Loan Provider), the Asset Monitor, the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, the Calculation Agent and the Additional 
Calculation Agent (the “Portfolio Administration Agreement”), UniCredit (as 
Issuer and Seller) and the OBG Guarantor have undertaken certain obligations for 
the replenishment of the Portfolio in order to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests, 
the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test or the Limit to the

--- Page 246 ---
246
Integration and the purchase and sale by the OBG Guarantor of the assets included 
in Portfolios. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement, the 
Calculation Agent has agreed to verify the compliance of the Mandatory Tests, the 
Over-Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test and the Limit to the 
Integration and, in the event of a breach, to immediately notify in writing the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, the Issuer, the Seller, any Additional Seller (if 
any), the Asset Monitor and OBG Guarantor of such breach. Respectively on each 
Calculation Date and on each OC Calculation Date, moreover, the Calculation 
Agent shall deliver an asset cover report including the relevant calculations in 
respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Over Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer 
Test and the Limit to the Integration to the Issuer, the Seller, any Additional Seller 
(if any), the Representative of the OBG Holders and the Asset Monitor. 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default), the OBG Guarantor shall (if necessary in order to 
effect payments under the OBG as originally scheduled in the relevant Final Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Portfolio Manager), 
direct the Servicer or the Substitute Servicer to sell Selected Assets in accordance 
with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the 
Issuer (also as Seller) and any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement or any other Transaction Documents. The proceeds of any such 
sale shall be credited to the Principal Collection Account and invested in accordance 
with the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
For so long as there are OBG outstanding, following service of a Notice to Pay (but 
prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) UniCredit (as Seller and 
Issuer) and the Additional Seller (if any) shall procure to verify on a continuing 
basis, and on each Calculation Date, the compliance of the Amortisation Test. If the 
Amortisation Test is breached a Guarantor Event of Default shall occur. 
Following the delivery of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, the Representative of 
the OBG Holders shall, in the name and on behalf of the OBG Guarantor, direct the 
Servicer or the Successor Servicer (if any) to sell Selected Assets in accordance 
with the Portfolio Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of 
UniCredit (as Seller and Issuer) or any Additional Servicer (if any) pursuant to the 
Master Transfer Agreement or any other Transaction Documents. The proceeds of 
any such sale shall be credited to the Principal Collection Account and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
If the OBG Guarantor is required to sell Selected Assets following the occurrence of 
a Guarantor Event of Default, the Representative of the OBG Holders shall (i) in the 
name and on behalf of the OBG Guarantor (so authorised by means of the execution 
of the Portfolio Administration Agreement) instruct the Servicer or Successor 
Servicer (if any) to sell a portfolio of Selected Assets in respect of all the Series of 
OBG and (ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to

--- Page 247 ---
247
procure that Selected Assets are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into 
account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing Law 
The Portfolio Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as 
amended from time to time, among, inter alios, the Asset Monitor, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent, the Issuer and 
the Representative of the OBG Holders (the “Asset Monitor Agreement”), the 
Asset Monitor will perform certain tests and procedures and carry out certain 
monitoring and reporting services with respect to the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor. 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to the 
Issuer and, upon delivery of a Notice to Pay, to the OBG Guarantor, subject to due 
receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent, to conduct 
independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent 
for the Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test, 
the Limit to the Integration and the Amortisation Test, as applicable with a view to 
verifying the compliance by the OBG Guarantor with such tests. 
The Asset Monitor will be required to conduct such tests no later than the relevant 
Asset Monitor Report Date (as defined under the Asset Monitor Agreement). On 
each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the OBG 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent, the 
Representative of the OBG Holders and the Issuer a report substantially in the form 
set forth under the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Other than in relation to the verification of the Mandatory Tests, the Over-
Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test, the Limit to the Integration and the 
Amortisation Test, the Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to 
assume that all information provided to it under the Asset Monitor Agreement is 
true and correct and is complete and not misleading. The results of the tests 
conducted by the Asset Monitor will be delivered to the Calculation Agent, the 
Additional Calculation Agent, the OBG Guarantor, the Issuer and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform 
its services also for the benefit and in the interests of the OBG Guarantor (to the 
extent it will carry out the services under the appointment of the Issuer) and the 
OBG Holders and accepted that upon delivery of a Notice to Pay, it will receive 
instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the OBG Guarantor 
or the Representative of the OBG Holders on its behalf.

--- Page 248 ---
248
The OBG Guarantor will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee per test for the tests to be 
performed by the Asset Monitor in the amount set out in the Asset Monitor 
Agreement from time to time. 
The Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the OBG Guarantor may, with the 
prior notice to the Rating Agency and, in respect of the OBG Guarantor only, 
subject to the prior approval of the Representative of the OBG Holders, revoke the 
appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving not less than six months or earlier, in 
the event of a breach of warranties and covenants, written notice to the Asset 
Monitor (with a copy to the Representative of the OBG Holders).  
the Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the OBG Guarantor may, with the 
prior notice to the Rating Agency and, in respect of the OBG Guarantor only, the 
prior approval of the Representative of the OBG Holders, revoke the appointment of 
the Asset Monitor by giving written notice to the Asset Monitor if the Asset Monitor 
ceases to be independent from the Issuer or any other party to the Programme or 
does not differ from the accounting firm which carries out the audit of the Issuer or 
of the OBG Guarantor, in accordance with Article 7-sexiesdecies, paragraph 2, of 
the Law 130. 
If termination of the appointment of the Asset Monitor would otherwise take effect 
less than 30 days before or after any Calculation Date or, as applicable, OC 
Calculation Date or Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date immediately after which 
an Asset Monitor Report shall be delivered, then such termination shall not take 
effect until the tenth day following such Calculation Date or, as applicable, OC 
Calculation Date or Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date. In any case, no 
revocation of the appointment of the Asset Monitor shall take effect until a 
successor, notified in advance to the Rating Agency and approved by the 
Representative of the OBG Holders following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, has been duly appointed. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving not less than two months prior 
written notice of termination to the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, provided that such resignation will not take 
effect unless and until, inter alia: (i) a substitute Asset Monitor being appointed by 
the Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the OBG Guarantor, with the prior 
written approval of the Representative of the OBG Holders, on substantially the 
same terms as those set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement; and (ii) the Asset 
Monitor being not released from its obligations under the Asset Monitor Agreement 
until a substitute Asset Monitor has entered into such new agreement and it has 
become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, 
or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law.

--- Page 249 ---
249
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
Pursuant to a quotaholders’ agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as amended 
from time to time, between the OBG Guarantor, the Seller, SVM and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders (the “Quotaholders’ Agreement”) the parties 
have undertaken certain provisions in relation to the management of the OBG 
Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the Quotaholders’ Agreement, SVM granted a 
call option in favour of the Seller to purchase from SVM and the Seller granted a 
put option in favour of SVM to sell to the Seller the quota of the OBG Guarantor 
quota capital held by SVM. 
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, 
or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Dealer Agreement 
Pursuant to a dealer agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as amended from 
time to time, between the Issuer, the Seller, the OBG Guarantor, the Representative 
of OBG Holders and the Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”), the parties have agreed 
certain arrangements under which the OBG may be issued and sold, from time to 
time, by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. 
The Issuer will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, expenses and 
claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or 
based on breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination 
of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
dealers acceding as new dealer: (i) generally in respect of the Programme or (ii) in 
relation to a particular issue of OBG. 
The Dealer Agreement contains stabilisation provisions. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the Seller 
gave certain representations and warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, 
theirselves and the information given respectively by each of them in connection 
with this Prospectus. 
Governing Law 
The Dealer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Dealer Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to 
be entered into in relation to each issue of OBG issued on a syndicated basis. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer, the Dealers who are parties to such 
Subscription Agreement (the “Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a subscription 
agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant 
Tranche of OBG, subject to the conditions set out therein.

--- Page 250 ---
250
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm 
the appointment of the Representative of the OBG Holders. 
A simplified procedure is provided for the issuance of OBG on a non-syndicated 
basis. 
Governing Law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or 
in connection with it, are governed by Italian law. 
Master Definition Agreement 
Pursuant to a master definition agreement entered into on 19 January 2012, as 
amended from time to time, between the OBG Guarantor and the other parties to the 
Transaction Documents (the “Master Definition Agreement”), the parties thereto 
agreed, the definitions and constructions of certain terms used in the Transaction 
Documents. 
Governing Law 
The Master Definition Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of, or in connection with it, are governed by Italian law.

--- Page 251 ---
251
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is an overview only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant 
to the transactions described in this Prospectus and of which prospective OBG 
Holders should be aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective OBG 
Holders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus. 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived 
to simplify the securitisation process and to facilitate the increased used of 
securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted into law by law 14 May 2005, 
No. 80, added Articles 7-bis and 7-ter to the Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 
as applicable until the entry into force of BoI OBG Regulations (as defined below), 
in view of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques in view of 
issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the “Covered Bond Directive”) 
and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 (the “Covered Bond Regulation”) amending the 
the EU Regulation 575/2013 (the EU Regulation 575/2013, as amended by the 
Covered Bond Regulation, the “CRR”) have been published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union, with the aim of harmonising the regime on covered bonds in 
the European Union. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, 
structural features, public supervision and publication obligations for 
covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 
of the CRR, providing for additional requirements for covered bonds to be 
eligible for the relevant preferential treatment.  
On 30 November 2021 the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the 
“Decree 190/2021”) implementing the Covered Bond Directive, which modified the 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended from time to time, including by 
Decree 190/2021, the “Law 130”), was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 
30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1st December 2021.  
The Decree 190/2021 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of the Italian Law 
No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG 
Regulations) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130, which sets out the 
legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the 
Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 
of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to time (the “BoI OBG 
Regulations”).

--- Page 252 ---
252
In accordance with the Decree 190/2021: 
(i) 
until the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), 
covered bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 
130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI OBG 
Regulations, the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 
December 2006, No. 310 (the “MEF Decree”), the previous version of the 
Bank of Italy “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 17 December 
2013 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) and the previous version of 
article 129 of the CRR; and 
(ii) 
as of the entry into force of the BoI OBG Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), 
covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of the 
Law 130, the BoI OBG Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR as 
amended by the Covered Bond Regulation. 
Pursuant to Title I-bis of the Law 130, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to 
transactions involving the true sale (by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of 
receivables meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-novies of the Law 
130, where the sale is to a special purpose vehicle created in accordance with 
Article 7-septies of the Law 130 and all amounts paid by the debtors are to be used 
by the relevant special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations under a 
guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the 
selling bank or of other banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds (the 
“OBG Guarantee”). 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter b) of the Law 130, the purchase 
price of the assets to be comprised in the cover pool shall be financed through the 
taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks selling the assets. The payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to 
the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle vis-à-vis the OBG holders, 
the counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the 
assigned receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other ancillary 
contract and counterparties having a claim in relation to any payment of other costs 
of the transaction. 
Under the BoI OBG Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued by banks which 
individually satisfy, or which belong to banking groups which on a consolidated 
basis satisfy, certain requirements relating to the regulatory capital and the solvency 
ratio. Such requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the assets, 
where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds. 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) issued 
by the Ministry of Economy and Finance was published in the Official Gazette of 
the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 provides for the implementation of 
Articles 106, paragraph 3, 112, paragraph 3, and 114 of the the Italian legislative 
decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Law”) and Article 7-ter, 
paragraph 1-bis of the Italian Law No. 130 (as applicable until the entry into force 
of the BoI OBG Regulations) and entered into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the

--- Page 253 ---
253
Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the assignee 
companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined 
by Article 60 of the Banking Law (such as UniCredit OBG S.r.l.), will no longer 
have to be registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
Article 106 of the Banking Law. 
Eligibility criteria of the assets 
Pursuant to Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, of the Law 130, the following assets may 
be assigned to the purchasing company:  
(A) 
provided that the issuing bank complies with the requirements set forth under 
Article 129, paragraphs 1a, 1b, 1c, 1d, 2 and 3 of the CRR, eligible assets 
pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, including, inter alia: 
(i) 
mortgage receivables secured by residential real estate assets in 
accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR (the 
“Residential Mortgage Receivables”);  
(ii) 
mortgage receivables secured by non residential real estate assets in 
accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (f) of the CRR (the 
“Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables” and, together with the 
Residential Mortgage Receivables, the “Mortgage Receivables”); and  
(iii) 
securities satisfying the requirements set forth under Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (a) and letter (b) of the CRR (the “Public 
Securities” and, together with the Mortgage Receivables, the 
“Assets”). 
(B) 
Liquid Assets (as defined below). 
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of the Law 130:  
(i) 
the real estate assets securing the receivables must be located in an Admitted 
State (as defined below); 
(ii) 
such real estate assets must be insured against the risk of damage; 
(iii) if such the real estate asset is located in an Admitted State other than a 
Member State of the European Union, the relevant security interest must be 
enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and may be enforced within a 
reasonable time; 
(iv) the hardening period for the claw back of the relevant security interest has 
elapsed; and 
(v) 
in case of Assets which are not directly originated by the issuing bank, the 
issuing bank has performed an evaluation of the credit quality of the debtors 
prior to the transfer to the Cover Pool or has verified the adequacy of the 
credit quality evaluation criteria adopted by the originator of the eligible 
assets.

--- Page 254 ---
254
For the purposes of this section, “Admitted States” means any States belonging to 
the European Economic Space and Switzerland. 
Ring Fencing of the Assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, all the receivables relating to a Law 130 
transaction, the relevant collections (to the extent that they are clearly identifiable as 
the relevant Law 130 special purpose vehicle’s collections under the receivables), 
any monetary claims accrued by the relevant special purpose vehicle in the context 
of the relevant Law 130 transaction and the financial assets resulting from the 
investment of the cash referred to above are segregated from all other assets of the 
relevant Law 130 special purpose vehicle and from those relating to the other Law 
130 transactions carried out by the same Law 130 special purpose vehicle. On a 
winding-up of such a special purpose vehicle, such assets will only be available to 
holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the special purpose vehicle has 
issued a guarantee and to the other secured creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
In addition, the assets relating to a particular transaction will not be available to the 
holders of covered bonds issued under any other covered bonds transaction or to 
general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle would 
be able to commence insolvency or winding-up proceedings against the special 
purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt. 
Law 130 provides, inter alia, that to the extent that the relevant depository bank 
where the Law 130 special purpose vehicle holds its bank accounts in the context of 
a Law 130 transaction is subject to insolvency proceedings in Italy, upon the 
commencement of insolvency or insolvency-like proceedings against such 
depository bank, the amounts standing to the credit of such accounts: (i) may not be 
subject to the suspension of payments pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Law; 
and (ii) should be promptly repaid in full to the relevant Law 130 special purpose 
vehicle, without any need to file in the insolvency proceeding (domanda di 
ammissione al passivo o di rivendica) and outside of the applicable insolvency 
distributions (fuori dei piani di riparto o di restituzione di somme). 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 
paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, of the Banking Law. The prevailing interpretation of this 
provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 4 of Law 130, is that the 
assignment can be perfected against the originator, assigned debtors and third party 
creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Italian Official Gazette and by way 
of registration of such notice in the register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) 
where the special purpose vehicle is registered, so avoiding the need for notification 
to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the 
assignment in the Italian Official Gazette and the date of registration of such notice

--- Page 255 ---
255
with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is registered, the assignment 
becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date 
of publication of the notice, commenced enforcement proceedings in respect 
of the relevant receivables; 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any 
payments made by a debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not be subject 
to any claw-back action according to Articles 65 and 67 of Royal Decree no. 
267 of 16 March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare), the “Bankruptcy Law”) or, 
after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code (as defined 
below), Article 166 or Article 164, paragraph 1 of the Crisis and Insolvency 
Code; and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their 
assignment prior to the date of publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any 
privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the 
assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the 
same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or 
annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the 
assignment in the Italian Official Gazette and the date of registration of such notice 
with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is registered, no legal action 
may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom 
other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered 
bonds and other creditors for costs incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Notice of the initial assignment of the Initial Receivables pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement was published in the Italian Official Gazette and was filed with 
the relevant Register of Enterprises. 
However, Article 7-octies, para. 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer 
(soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti) is attributed, in the context of 
covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the assigning bank (whether from 
the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given by way of 
publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail with return receipt to 
the relevant public administrations. 
Assignments under Law 130 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy 
under Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the Crisis 
and Insolvency Code, Article 166 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, but only in the 
event that the transaction is entered into within three months of the adjudication of 
bankruptcy of the relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies 
or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, paragraph 1 of

--- Page 256 ---
256
Article 166 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, within six months of the adjudication 
of bankruptcy. 
In addition to the above, any payment made by an assigned debtor to the OBG 
Guarantor is not subject to claw-back actions pursuant to article 65 and article 67 of 
the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, 
Article 166 or Article 164, paragraph 1 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the covered 
bond guarantee are subject to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the 
Bankruptcy Law, or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, of 
Article 166, paragraph 4, of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, pursuant to which the 
provisions of Article 67 or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency 
Code, of Article 166 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, relating to the claw-back of 
for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to certain 
transactions. 
Coverage Requirements 
Pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the issuing bank and the 
assigning bank (to the extent different from the issuer) will have to ensure that, on a 
on-going basis, the following mandatory tests are complied with: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, 
or greater than, the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding covered 
bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne 
by the special purpose vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the 
costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction, 
shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the outstanding 
covered bonds; and 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of 
the costs borne by the special purpose company, shall be equal to, or greater 
than, the interests and costs due by the issuer under the outstanding covered 
bonds, also taking into account any hedging arrangements entered into in 
relation to the transaction. 
it being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank 
shall comply, inter alia, with the following criteria:  
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of the Law 130, 
unsecured receivables, in the event of a default pursuant to Article 178 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, shall not contribute to the calculations of 
the mandatory tests;  
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of the Law 130, the 
costs related to maintenance and administration for the winding-down of 
the covered bonds programme may be calculated as a lump sum;

--- Page 257 ---
257
(iii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of the Law 130, the 
Liquid Assets (as defined below) shall contribute to the calculations of the 
mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for 
qualifying as eligible assets set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, 
letter (a), of the Law 130;  
(iv) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of the Law 130, the 
calculation of the interest generated by the assets included in the cover 
pool and the interest due by the Issuer on the OBG outstanding shall be 
made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent with the 
applicable accounting principles;  
(v) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of the Law 130, the 
methodologies for the calculation of the numerator and denominator of the 
mandatory tests are based on criteria consistent with each other.  
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being 
collateralised by the Assets, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 
5% of overcollateralisation. 
The Liquidity Buffer Test requirement 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the Issuer ensures on 
an ongoing basis, for the entire duration of the cover bond programme, that the 
segregated assets include a liquidity reserve that is at least equal to the maximum 
cumulative net outflow of liquidity over the next 180 days.  
The liquidity reserve is composed of the following liquid assets having the 
characteristics set forth in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
(a) 
high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61);  
(b) 
exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term 
exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit quality steps 1, 2 
or 3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR, 
(the “Liquid Assets”). 
The features of the OBG Guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of the Law 130 the OBG 
Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the cover pool, irrevocable (irrevocabile), 
first-demand (a prima richiesta), unconditional (incondizionata) and autonomous 
(garanzia autonoma) from the obligations assumed by the issuer of the covered 
bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the 
special purpose vehicle’s available funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity 
or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer of the covered 
bonds.

--- Page 258 ---
258
In order to ensure the autonomous nature of the OBG Guarantee, Article 7-
quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of the Law 130 provides that the following provisions of 
the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), 
shall not apply to the OBG Guarantee (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione 
shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) Article 
1941, paragraph. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by 
the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those 
pertaining to the main obligation; (c) Article 1944, paragraph. 2, providing, inter 
alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may 
agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the attachment is carried 
out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that the guarantor can 
raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is 
entitled to raise, except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the 
part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 1955, providing that a fideiussione shall 
become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the 
guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and 
liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of 
future receivables shall not be liable where the creditor - without the authorisation 
of the guarantor - has extended credit to a third party, while being aware that the 
economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the 
receivable would have become significantly more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, 
providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed 
obligation has become due and payable, provided that the creditor has filed its claim 
against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the OBG Guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer 
The Law 130 sets out also certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the 
payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the 
issuer of the OBG. To that effect it requires that the OBG Guarantee contains 
provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon 
the issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not 
automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of the Law 130 provides that 
in case of breach by the issuer of its obligations vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders, 
the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer - within the 
limits of the cover pool - in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set 
out for the covered bonds.  
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by 
Article 1186 of the Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle under the OBG Guarantee. Pursuant to 
Article 7-quaterdecies, paragrah 2, of the Law 130, the limitation in the application 
of Article 1186 of the Civil Code shall apply not only to the events expressly 
mentioned therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in 
the relevant contractual arrangements.

--- Page 259 ---
259
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of the Law 130, in case of 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa or resolution of the issuer, the special purpose 
vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds 
holders - within the limits of the cover pool - in accordance with the terms and 
conditions originally set out for the covered bonds and shall exercise the rights of 
the covered bonds holders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal regime 
applicable to the issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a 
result of the exercise of such rights shall be deemed to be included in the cover 
pool. In the event of a suspension of payments pursuant to article 74 of the Banking 
Law, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis 
the covered bonds holders - within the limits of the cover pool – only with respect to 
the receivables due and payable during the suspension period. The special purpose 
vehicle shall exercise recourse against the issuer for the amounts paid. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of the Law 130, in case of 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the issuer, the covered bonds holders shall 
shall concur to the distribution of the issuer’s assets, to the extent remaining after 
the enforcement of the OBG Guarantee, with the unsecured creditors of the issuer, 
including, in the case provided for in Article 7-quinquiesdecies, paragraph 2, of the 
Law 130, the derivates counterparties. 
Controls over the transaction 
Section IV of the BoI OBG Regulations lay down rules on controls over 
transactions involving the issuance of OBG. 
Inter alia, the resolutions of the selling banks approving the assignment of 
portfolios to the special purpose vehicle are passed in relation to each transfer of 
assets on the basis of appraisal reports on the assets prepared by an auditing firm. 
Such report are not required where the assignment is carried out at the book values 
set out in the most recent approved financial statements of the selling bank, or in its 
most recent six month report (situazione patrimoniale semestrale). 
The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the structures delegated 
to the risk management verify at least every six months and for each transaction, 
inter alia: 
(i) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the SPV securing the 
obligations undertaken by the latter; 
(ii) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the 
cover pool sold to the SPV for purposes of backing the issue and with the 
liquidity buffer requirement, in accordance with Articles 7-undecies and 7-
duodecies of the Law 130 and Section III of the BoI OBG Regulations; 
(iii) 
compliance with the internal operational limits on the sale of Assets and 
Limit to the Integration set out by the BoI OBG Regulations; 
(iv) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under 
derivative agreements entered into in connection with the transaction; and

--- Page 260 ---
260
(v) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information 
provided to investors pursuant Section V of the BoI OBG Regulations. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups 
ensure that an assessment is carried out on the legal aspects of the activity on the 
basis of specially issued legal reports setting out an in-depth analysis of the 
contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, 
the characteristics of the OBG Guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130, the controls on (a) the regularity 
of the transaction (regolarità dell'operazione), (b) the compliance with the 
requirement of Section III of the BoI OBG Regulations, (c) the integrity of the OBG 
Guarantee (integrità della garanzia) and (d) on the disclosure to investors will also 
be carried out by an external party appointed by the issuing bank (the “Asset 
Monitor”). The Asset Monitor shall be an auditing firm having adequate 
professional experience in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same and 
independent from (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing of the issuing bank 
or of the other entities taking part to the transaction, (b) the issuing bank and (c) the 
other entities taking part to the transaction.  
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports on controls and assessments on the 
performance of transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with 
control functions of the bank which appointed the Asset Monitor. The BoI OBG 
Regulations refer to the provisions of articles 52 and 61, paragraph 5, of the 
Banking Law, which impose on persons responsible for conducting controls specific 
obligations to report to the Bank of Italy, and to the provisions of Article 7-
sexiesdecies of the Law 130. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can perform, in an orderly and 
timely manner, the obligations arising under the OBG Guarantee, the issuing banks 
shall use asset and liability management techniques for purposes of ensuring, 
including by way of specific controls at least every six months, that the payment 
dates of the cash-flows generated by the cover pool match the payments dates with 
respect to payments due by the issuing bank under the covered bonds issued and 
other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bonds 
transactions shall assume contractual undertakings allowing the issuing and the 
assigning bank also acting as servicer (and any third party servicer, if appointed) to 
hold the information on the cover pool which are necessary to carry out the controls 
described in the BoI OBG Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory 
reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with 
the membership to the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at 
least quarterly, including on its website and in accordance with the implementing 
provisions of the Bank of Italy, information on issuance programmes in order to

--- Page 261 ---
261
enable investors to perform an informed assessment of the issuances and the 
associated risks. 
Section IV of the BoI OBG Regulations has been further supplemented by Section 
V of the BoI OBG Regulations, which sets out the relevant information to be 
provided to the investors. 
Insolvency proceedings 
On 15 July 2022, Legislative Decree No. 14/2019, as amended by Legislative 
Decree No. 147 of 26 October 2020, by Law Decree No. 118 of 24 August 2021 and 
by Legislative Decree No. 83 of 17 June 2022 (the “Crisis and Insolvency Code”) 
entered into force setting out, inter alia, a new regime for insolvency and 
turnaround procedures.  
Except for certain provisions which are applicable since 16 March 2019 (including, 
inter alia, with reference to certain organisational duties for Italian corporates), 20 
November 2020 and 15 November 2021, the provisions of the Crisis and Insolvency 
Code apply to turnaround and insolvency proceedings started from 15 July 2022 
(included) onwards. 
The Bankruptcy Law is still applicable to turnaround and insolvency proceedings 
whose petition has been filed with the competent court before 15 July 2022 
(excluded). 
Under the Crisis and Insolvency Code, insolvency and turnaround proceedings may 
take the form of, inter alia, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), 
compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), 
composition with creditors (concordato preventivo), restructuring plan subject to 
homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione), restructuring 
creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti), certified plan 
agreements (accordi in esecuzione di piani attestati di risanamento), moratorium 
agreements (convenzione di moratoria). The Crisis and Insolvency Code also 
governs, inter alia, (i) negotiated settlement procedure (composizione negoziata 
della crisi) and (ii) “simplified composition with creditors” (concordato 
semplificato).  
The regime set forth under the Crisis and Insolvency Code as described in this 
paragraph is only applicable to certain businesses either run by companies or by 
individuals to the extent certain requirements are met. 
A debtor (other than, among others, banks to which the procedures summarised in 
the below paragraphs apply) can be subject to a judicial liquidation (liquidazione 
giudiziale) proceeding, pursuant to the Crisis and Insolvency Code, if it is declared 
insolvent by a court (at its own initiative, or at the initiative of any of its creditors or 
the public prosecutor or the supervising internal bodies or the supervising 
administrative authorities). Insolvency occurs when the relevant entity is not able to 
fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. Upon the declaration of insolvency 
(sentenza di apertura di liquidazione giudiziale), inter alia, the relevant entity loses 
control over all its assets and the management of its business, which is taken over

--- Page 262 ---
262
by a court appointed receiver (curatore). The creditors’ claims have to be filed with 
the bankruptcy estate and are subject to verification by the delegated judge while 
the sale of the debtor’s assets is conducted in accordance with a liquidation plan 
drafted by the court appointed receiver and approved by the creditors’ committee. 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor may propose to 
its creditors to implement a turnaround proceeding, including a composition with 
creditors proposal (proposta di concordato preventivo) pursuant to articles 84 and 
following of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, a restructuring plan subject to 
homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione) pursuant to 
articles 64-bis and following of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, restructuring 
creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti) pursuant to articles 57 
and following of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, certified plan agreements (accordi 
in esecuzione di piani attestati di risanamento) pursuant to articles 56 of the Crisis 
and Insolvency Code or moratorium agreements (convenzione di moratoria) 
pursuant to article 62 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
The Crisis and Insolvency Code also sets out the regime for (i) the negotiated 
settlement procedures (composizione negoziata) which is aimed at facilitating the 
solution to a situation of the debtor being in a net worth or economical or financial 
unbalance (squilibrio patrimoniale o economico-finanziario) that would probably 
lead to distress or insolvency; and (ii) “simplified composition with creditors” 
(concordato semplificato) which aims at liquidating all the debtor’s assets in order 
to distribute the relevant proceeds to its creditors and whose proposal may be filed 
by the relevant debtor in case of a negative outcome of the negotiated settlement 
procedure, provided that the expert certifies in the final report that the relevant 
negotiations in the negotiated settlement phase have been carried out fairly and in 
good faith.  
A moratorium regime in relation to the start and/or continuation of enforcement and 
interim actions (azioni esecutive e cautelari) for pre-existing claims is provided, 
subject to certain requirements and for specific timeframes, in the context of, among 
others, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), concordato preventivo 
proceedings, restructuring plan subject to homologation (piano di ristrutturazione 
soggetto ad omologazione), restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi di 
ristrutturazione dei debiti) and negotiated settlement procedures (composizione 
negoziata). 
The Crisis and Insolvency Code provides that consumers and other entities which 
cannot be subject to insolvency proceedings may benefit from special proceedings 
for the restructuring of their debts. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione straordinaria delle banche where 
(a) serious administrative irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions 
governing the bank’s activity provided for by laws, regulations or the bank’s bylaws 
activity are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to occur; (c) the

--- Page 263 ---
263
dissolution has been the object of a request by the administrative bodies or an 
extraordinary company meeting providing the reasons for the request. 
According to the Banking Law, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Bank of 
Italy, which shall terminate the board of directors and the board of statutory auditors 
of the bank. Subsequently the Bank of Italy shall appoint (a) one or more special 
administrator (commissari straordinari); (b) an oversight committee composed of 
between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). The commissari 
straordinari are entrusted with the duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove 
the irregularities which may have been found and promote solutions in the best 
interest of the depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises 
auditing functions and provides to the commissari straordinari the opinions 
requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. However, it should be noted that the 
Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari and the 
comitato di sorveglianza providing specific safeguards and limits concerning the 
management of the bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, the commissari straordinari, in order to protect the 
interests of the creditors, in consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza and 
subject to an authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may suspend payment of the bank’s 
liabilities and the restitution to customers of financial instruments. Payments may be 
suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be extended for an additional 
two months. 
The amministrazione straordinaria delle banche usually lasts one year (unless the 
decree provides for a shorter period or the supervisory authority closes the 
proceeding in advance). If the circumstances for the activation of the procedure 
remain, it may be extended for one or more periods of one year. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the 
necessary steps for the appointment of the bodies governing the bank in the ordinary 
course of business. After the appointment, the management and audit functions shall 
be transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should however be noted that, 
should at the end of the procedure or at any earlier time the conditions for the 
declaration of the liquidazione coatta amministrativa (described in the following 
section) be met, then the bank may be subject to such procedure. 
The Banking Law also provides that, in the circumstances that may trigger 
extraordinary administration, the Bank of Italy may appoint one or more temporary 
administrator to assist the management body of the bank. The supervisory authority 
may determine the powers of the relevant administrator and condition certain 
management decisions to the prior approval of the administrator(s).  
Specific rules apply in the case of banking groups. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
The Minister of economy and finance, following a proposal from the Bank of Italy, 
by virtue of a decree, may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking 
activities and submit the bank to the compulsory winding up (liquidazione coatta

--- Page 264 ---
264
amministrativa), including where the amministrazione straordinaria or (voluntary) 
liquidation is already pending, if the bank is failing or is likely to fail and: (i) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures, including 
measures by an institutional protection scheme, or supervisory action, including 
early intervention measures or the extraordinary administration, would prevent the 
failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and (ii) a resolution action 
would not be in the public interest. 
From the date of issue of the decree the functions of the administrative and control 
bodies, of the shareholders meetings and of every other governing body of the bank 
shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall appoint (a) one or more liquidators (commissari 
liquidatori); (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five 
members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have 
assumed their functions and in any case from the sixth business day following the 
date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of economy and finance, the 
payment of any liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall 
be suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all 
actions that pertain to the bank and carry out all transactions concerning the 
liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di sorveglianza shall (i) assist the 
commissari liquidatori in exercising their functions, (ii) control the activities carried 
out by commissari liquidatori; and (iii) provide to the commissari straordinari the 
opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy may issue 
directives concerning the implementation of the procedure and establish that some 
categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its authorisation and to 
preliminary consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Banking Law regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities 
(accertamento del passivo), and the procedures which allow creditors whose claims 
have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato passivo) to challenge the list of 
liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and 
subject to authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going 
concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable en bloc. Such assets may be 
assigned at any stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been 
deposited. The assignor shall however be liable exclusively for the liabilities 
included in the stato passivo. Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and 
for the purpose of maximising profits deriving from the liquidation of the assets, the 
commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity or of specific going 
concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the 
comitato di sorveglianza. In such case the provision of the Crisis and Insolvency 
Code concerning the termination of legal relationships shall not apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or 
the last restitution to customers, the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank

--- Page 265 ---
265
of Italy the closing statement of accounts of the liquidation, the financial statement 
and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report by the 
oversight committee. 
Bank recovery and resolution 
On 6 June 2012, the European Commission published a proposal for a new 
Directive relating to reorganization and resolution of banking crises, which is part 
of a broader initiative to create a single mechanism for the resolution of banking 
crises in the event of insolvency or where a bank has serious financial difficulties. 
The BRRD was adopted on 15 May 2014. Member States were required to 
implement the BRRD by 31 December 2014, with the exception of the provisions 
contained in Title IV, Chapter IV, Sec. 5 (bail-in measures), which had to be 
implemented no later than 1 January 2016. The BRRD provides for the 
establishment of a series of instruments to resolve potential bank crises, 
safeguarding at the same time essential banking transactions and reducing to a 
minimum the exposure of taxpayers to losses in the (i) preparation and prevention 
stage, (ii) early intervention stage and (iii) resolution of the crisis stage. 
On 15 July 2014, the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation was adopted. SRM 
Regulation sets out uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms under the Single Resolution Mechanism 
and the Single Resolution Fund. 
SRM Regulation and the BRRD enable a range of resolution tools and powers to be 
used in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of 
failing. According to the bank resolution legislative framework, centralized 
decision-making power for resolution is entrusted to the Single Resolution Board. 
In addition, the SRB cooperates closely with the national resolution authorities of 
Member States that are parties to the Banking Union. The national resolution 
authorities of Member States are empowered to implement the resolution 
programmes adopted by the SRB. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission proposed amendments to the 
BRRD. BRRD II was adopted on 29 September 2020. Member States were required 
to implement the BRRD II by 28 December 2020. 
SRMR II, amending the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, was published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019, applying from 28 
December 2020. 
In accordance with the BRRD as amended by the BRRD II, the entities have to 
prepare recovery plans and update them on an annual basis, establishing the 
measures to restore the bank’s financial position in the event of significant 
deterioration. On the other hand, the crisis resolution authorities are in charge of 
drafting crisis resolution plans for each entity, establishing the actions to take if an 
entity fulfills the conditions to resolve the crisis. 
The main crisis resolution measures provided for are as follows:

--- Page 266 ---
266
(i) 
the sale of all or a part of the company assets; 
(ii) 
the establishment of a bridging entity that would permit the temporary 
transfer of the performing assets of the banks to an entity controlled by 
public authorities (a so-called “bridging institution”); 
(iii) 
the separation of the assets, entailing the transfer of non-performing assets 
to a management vehicle; and 
(iv) 
the bail-in measures. 
The general principles that govern the activities of the authority in the resolution of 
crises are: (i) primary allocation of losses to the shareholders and, secondarily, to 
creditors; (ii) the guaranteed equal treatment of creditors (unless differential 
treatment is justified for reasons of public interest); and (iii) protection of creditors, 
who cannot sustain losses greater than those that would have been suffered had the 
bank been subject to the procedures of ordinary liquidation (so-called “no creditor 
worse off”). 
These measures provide that if insolvency proceedings against a bank are brought 
forth, the bail-out procedure operated through public resources will be replaced by a 
bail-in system, where losses are transferred to the shareholders, the junior debt 
holders (hybrid instruments), the senior unsecured debt security holders, the 
deposits by small- and medium-sized enterprises and finally to depositors for the 
portion exceeding the guaranteed amount (i.e., the part exceeding €100,000). A 
single resolution fund must be used to be created by the Member States in the event 
of requirements that further exceed the losses transferred as described above. 
In Italy, the BRRD was implemented by Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, which 
established a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, and 
for identifying, inter alia, the powers and the instruments that the resolution 
authorities (including the Bank of Italy) may adopt for the resolution of banks that 
are failing or likely to fail (as defined by article 17, paragraph 2 of Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015). This is to ensure the continuity of an institution’s critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s 
failure on the economy and financial system, as well as the costs for taxpayers. 
Legislative Decree No. 193/2021 (published in the Official Gazzette on 30 
November 2021) amended the Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 to implement the 
changes to banks’ recovery and resolution framework introduced by the BRRD II, 
including as regards the revised minimum requirement of own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL). 
In particular, in the case of a bank that is failing or likely to fail, the resolution 
authority may use a number of recovery tools as an alternative to winding up the 
entity through normal insolvency proceedings. Among these, the bail-in tool 
represents the ability to write down up to the full amount of the nominal value of 
shares in the entity and to write down the claims against the bank by converting 
them into equity, in order to absorb the losses and recapitalize the bank in crisis or a 
new entity that shall continue its critical functions.

--- Page 267 ---
267
Article 20, paragraph 1 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and article 21 of the 
SRM Regulation provide that, upon occurrence of the applicable conditions for the 
crisis management measures of the intermediary, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the power to write down or convert the shares, other instruments of 
ownership, capital instruments, and eligible liabilities, if this is sufficient to address 
the failure or the risk of failure of the bank. When such actions are not sufficient to 
address the failure or risk of failure, the resolution authority may resolve or wind up 
the bank through normal insolvency proceedings. 
In particular, shares, the other instruments of ownership, the capital instruments, and 
eligible liabilities issued by any failing institution may be written down or converted 
(pursuant to article 27 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and article 21, paragraph 
7 of the SRM Regulation) either: (i) independently of resolution action or winding-
up through normal insolvency proceedings; or (ii) in combination with a resolution 
action where the resolution plan provides for measures that may imply the write-
down of the value of the rights of shareholders or creditors or disposal of their 
conversion to equity; in this case, the write-down or the conversion is disposed 
immediately before, or at the same time as, the application of such measures. The 
resolution’s measures (article 39, paragraph 1 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 
and article 22, paragraph 1 of the SRM Regulation) include the ability to effect a 
bail-in. 
The bail-in tool follows a hierarchy, with the riskiest securities bearing losses first.  
When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority, pursuant to article 52, 
paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and article 17 of the SRM 
Regulation, shall exercise its powers in accordance with the following priority of 
claims: 
1. 
firstly, the write-down power, in proportion to the losses, as follows: 
(a) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Instruments; 
(b) 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
(c) 
Tier 2 Instruments, including subordinated bonds; 
(d) 
subordinated debts other than the Additional Tier 1 Instruments and the 
Tier 2 Instruments; and 
(e) 
the remaining liabilities, including senior bonds; 
2. 
once the losses have been recovered, or in case no losses have occurred, 
conversion into shares included in CET 1, as follows: 
(a) 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
(b) 
Tier 2 Instruments, including subordinated bonds; 
(c) 
subordinated debt other than the Additional Tier 1 Instruments and Tier 
2 Instruments; and 
(d) 
any remaining liabilities, including senior bonds.

--- Page 268 ---
268
Until 31 December 2018, as part of the “remaining liabilities”, the bail-in was 
covering senior bonds and any other unsecured liabilities of the bank, including 
deposits in excess of €100,000, of any enterprise other than SMEs and micro-
enterprises, inter-bank deposits with a remaining maturity of more than seven days 
and derivatives. From 1 January 2019, the abovementioned deposits are preferred to 
the senior bonds and the other unsecured liabilities. 
The liabilities set forth in article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and article 
27, paragraphs from 5 to 14 of the SRM Regulation, including debt secured by 
assets of the bank and the deposits covered by the deposit guarantee fund up to 
€100,000 for each depositor, are excluded from the bail-in. Certain deposits, such as 
those indicated in article 96-bis of the Banking Law, are excluded from the deposit 
guarantee fund and therefore subject to bail-in. In case a bail-in measure is applied 
to a bank, the deposit guarantee fund will pay the bank an amount sufficient to 
cover the protected deposits, as long as such sum does not exceed 50% of the fund’s 
resources (or such higher amount as may be set by the Bank of Italy). 
The bail-in tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution measures 
provided for by Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, such as: (i) transfer of assets and 
contracts to a third party; (ii) transfer of assets and contracts to a bridge institution; 
and (iii) transfer of assets and contracts to a vehicle company for the management of 
the activity.

--- Page 269 ---
269
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OBG 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the OBG (the "Conditions” 
and, each of them, a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" 
of OBG and to the "OBG Holders" are to the ultimate owners of the OBG. The 
OBG will be held by Monte Titoli (as defined below) on behalf of the OBG Holders 
until redemption and cancellation for the account of each relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear. The OBG will at all times be in book entry form and title to the 
bonds will be evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the 
provisions of (i) the Financial Services Act and (ii) the joint regulation of 
CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official 
Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
In addition, the relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of OBG 
may apply and/or disapply and/or complete the generally applicable Conditions in 
the manner required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to 
the relevant Series of OBG (or Tranche thereof). 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be a reference to the 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the OBG Holders shall be 
referred to the holders of the OBG. 
Any reference to the OBG will be construed as to including the OBG issued under 
the Conditions. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Unicredit S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established an OBG Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of up to €35,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the "OBG") guaranteed by UniCredit 
OBG S.r.l. (the "OBG Guarantor").  
(b) 
Final Terms 
OBG are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of 
the Interest Commencement Date and their Issue Price) have identical terms on 
issue and are expressed to be consolidated and have the same Series number (each 
a "Tranche") of OBG. The Tranches are the subject of final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche or more Tranches of 
OBG are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. References to 
the "relevant Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) pursuant to which the relevant Tranches are issued. 
(c) 
OBG Guarantee

--- Page 270 ---
270
Each Series of OBG is the subject of a guarantee dated on or about the Initial Issue 
Date (the "OBG Guarantee") entered into by the OBG Guarantor for the purpose 
of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the OBG of all 
Series issued under the Programme. The OBG Guarantee will be collateralised by 
a portfolio constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the OBG 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement (as defined below) and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulations.  
(d) 
Dealer Agreement and Subscription Agreement 
In respect of each Tranche of OBG issued under the Programme, the Relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the OBG and pay 
the Issuer the Issue Price for the OBG on the Issue Date under the terms of a 
Dealer Agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time 
to time (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the 
dealer(s) named therein (the "Dealers"), as supplemented (if applicable) by a 
subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and 
the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or around the date of the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Subscription Agreement"). In the Dealer Agreement or such 
other document as may be agreed between the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the 
Relevant Dealer(s), the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Securitisation Services S.p.A.) as 
representative of the OBG Holders (in such capacity, the "Representative of the 
OBG Holders"), as described in Condition 13 (Representative of the OBG 
Holders). 
(e) 
Master Definitions Agreement 
In a master definitions agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date, as 
amended from time to time (the "Master Definitions Agreement") between all 
the parties to each of the Transaction Documents (as defined below), the 
definitions of certain terms used in the Transaction Documents have been agreed. 
(f) 
The OBG 
Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to 
"OBG" are to the OBG which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all 
references to "each Series of OBG" are to (i) the OBG which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Tranche of OBG issued under the 
Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
(g) 
Rules of the Organisation of OBG Holders 
The Rules of the Organisation of OBG Holders are attached to, and form an 
integral part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Rules of 
the Organisation of the OBG Holders" include such rules as from time to time 
modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement 
or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. The OBG Holders are 
deemed to have notice of and are bound by and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, 
the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of the OBG Holders. The rights and

--- Page 271 ---
271
powers of the Representative of the OBG Holders and the OBG Holders may be 
exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation 
of the OBG Holders. 
(h) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction 
Documents (as defined below) and are subject to their detailed provisions. OBG 
Holders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice 
of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. Copies of 
the Transaction Documents are available for inspection by OBG Holders during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the OBG 
Holders from time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Offices of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the OBG Holders. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Account Bank" means UniCredit S.p.A., acting as such pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and any successor thereof appointed in 
accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Calculation Agent" means Capital and Funding Solutions S.r.l., 
acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a 
Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: (i) in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is 
formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation 
has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable);

--- Page 272 ---
272
"Administrative Service Provider" means doNext S.p.A., having its registered 
office at Lungotevere Flaminio 18, Rome, Italy, in its capacity as administrative 
service provider under the Administrative Services Agreement; 
"Administrative Services Agreement" means an administrative services 
agreement dated on or about 13 January 2012 between doNext S.p.A. as corporate 
servicer and the OBG Guarantor, as amended from time to time; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of the OBG and 
of a comparable duration to the relevant OBG Interest Periods, or, if such 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Amortisation Test" means such test provided for under the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
"Asset Monitor" means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting as such pursuant to the Asset 
Monitor Agreement and any successor thereof appointed in accordance with the 
Asset Monitor Agreement; 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on 
or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the 
Issuer, as amended from time to time; 
"Asset Monitor Report" means the results of the tests conducted by the Asset 
Monitor in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement to be delivered in 
accordance therewith; 
"Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended; 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 273 ---
273
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, within a 
specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, where applicable, such period of 
time has lapsed, and provided further that, at the time of cessation, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of the OBG, in each 
case by a specific date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any OBG Holder using the Original Reference 
Rate; 
"Business Day" means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the 
following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall 
be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred provided, however, that:

--- Page 274 ---
274
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in 
which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar 
month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will 
be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which 
is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; and 
(iii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business 
Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is 
a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall 
be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means UniCredit Bank AG, acting as such pursuant to the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement and any successor thereof appointed in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cash Management and Agency Agreement" means the cash management and 
agency agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter 
alios, the OBG Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the Servicer, the 
Administrative Service Provider, the Representative of the OBG Holders, the 
Calculation Agent, the Additional Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent, as 
amended from time to time; 
"Cash Manager" means UniCredit S.p.A. acting as such pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and any successor thereof appointed in 
accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg;  
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any OBG for any period of time (from and including the first day of

--- Page 275 ---
275
such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an OBG Interest 
Period, the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)"  is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 276 ---
276
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if "30E/360 (ISDA)"  is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 277 ---
277
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series of OBG, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Series of OBG, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Date" means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of 
OBG is to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
"Extension Determination Date" means the date falling 4 Business Days prior to 
the Maturity Date; 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to any Series of OBG, the date if 
any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as 
applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date 
will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity), which cannot 
fall more than 12 months after the relevant Maturity Date; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the 
Organisation of OBG Holders attached to these Conditions; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series of OBG, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms which, in respect of any 
Series of OBG other than Zero Coupon OBG, shall be equal to the nominal 
amount of the relevant OBG and wich in respect to Zero Coupon OBG shall be at 
least equal to the nominal amount of the relevant OBG; 
"First Series" means the first Series of OBG issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 278 ---
278
"Guaranteed Amounts" means, (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Acceleration Notice, with respect to any Guarantor Payment Date, the sum of 
amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, 
payable on that Guarantor Payment Date and all amounts payable by the OBG 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents ranking senior to any payment due in 
respect to the OBG according to the applicable Priority of Payments, or (ii) after 
the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other 
amounts due and payable in respect of the OBG, including all Excluded Scheduled 
Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) and all amounts payable by the OBG Guarantor under the Transaction 
Documents ranking senior to any payment due in respect to the OBG according to 
the applicable Priority of Payments, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts 
representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount 
that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the OBG Holders to the extent 
it has been clawed back and recovered from the OBG Holders by the receiver or 
liquidator, in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer 
named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any 
other source (the "Clawed Back Amounts"); 
"Guarantor Acceleration Notice" means the notice to be served by the 
Representative of the OBG Holders on the OBG Guarantor upon occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) 
(Guarantor Events of Default); 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (i) before the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, 31 January, 30 April, 31 July and 31 October of each year, provided that 
the first Guarantor Payment Date will be 30 April 2012, (ii) following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the last day of each month starting from 
the calendar month immediately following the calendar month in which the Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred, subject in all instances to adjustment in accordance 
with the Modified Following Business Day Convention and (iii) following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, each Business Day;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"Initial Issue Date" means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series 
of OBG; 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of any company or corporation, that:

--- Page 279 ---
279
(i) 
such company or corporation has become subject to any applicable 
bankruptcy, 
liquidation, 
receivership, 
administration, 
insolvency, 
insolvency-like 
proceedings, 
composition 
with creditors, insolvent 
reorganisation, turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione della 
crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure (composizione 
negoziata per la soluzione della crisi d’impresa) (including, without 
limitation, liquidazione giudiziale, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, piani 
di risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione del debito, amministrazione 
straordinaria, composizione negoziata della crisi and concordato 
semplificato, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, 
insolvent 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, 
administration, 
receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors) or 
similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking 
or assets of such company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or 
any procedure having a similar effect (other than, in the case of the OBG 
Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the OBG Guarantor for the 
purposes of further programme of issuance of OBG), unless in the opinion 
of the Representative of the OBG Holders (who may rely on the advice of 
legal advisers selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good 
faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) 
above is made in respect of or by such company or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company or corporation 
and, in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders (who may rely 
on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect 
of success; or 
(iii) such company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other 
than, in case of the OBG Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction 
Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of 
any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or 
applies for suspension of payments; or 
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution in any form of such company or corporation or 
any of the events under Article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with 
respect to such company or corporation (except in any such case a winding-
up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent 
amalgamation, merger, corporate reorganisation or reconstruction, the terms 
of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of 
the OBG Holders); or

--- Page 280 ---
280
(v) 
such company or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings 
equivalent or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in 
which such company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the OBG Guarantor, the Representative of 
the OBG Holders, the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Subordinated Loan 
Provider, the Account Bank, the Administrative Service Provider, the Asset 
Monitor, the Cash Manager and the Paying Agent, as amended from time to time; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series of OBG and an OBG Interest 
Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that OBG 
Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the relevant Series of 
OBG or such other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Investors Report Date” means 7 calendar days after each Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
“Investors Report” means the report prepared in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement setting out certain information with respect 
to the Portfolio and the OBG; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended, supplemented 
and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the OBG of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" the issue price specified, in respect of any Tranche, in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(a) (Issuer 
Events of Default); 
“Liquidity Buffer Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Protfolio 
Administration Agreement; 
"Mandatory Tests" means such tests provided for under the Law 130 and the BoI 
OBG Regulation as set out in the Portfolio Administration Agreement; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Master Transfer Agreement" means the master transfer agreement entered into 
between the OBG Guarantor and the Seller on 13 January 2012, as amended from 
time to time;

--- Page 281 ---
281
"Maturity Date" means, with reference to each Series of OBG, the OBG 
Payments Date, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, on which such Series or 
Tranche of OBG will be redeemed at their principal amount outstanding, unless 
otherwise extended in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; "Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A.; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any 
Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System); 
"Negative Report" means each of the report to be delivered by the Calculation 
Agent under the Portfolio Administration Agreement in case of breach of the 
Mandatory Tests, the Over-Collateralisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Test or the 
Amortisation Test, as the case may be; 
"Notice to Pay" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the 
OBG Holders to the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor upon the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default; 
"OBG Holders" means the holders from time to time of OBG, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and 
Title); 
"OBG Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Commencement Date or, in respect of any OBG Interest Period other than 
the first OBG Interest Period of each Series or Tranche, any OBG Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next OBG Payment Date, provided that the 
initial OBG Interest Period of the First Series or Tranche shall begin on (and 
include) the Initial Issue Date and end on (but exclude) the first OBG Payment 
Date; 
"OBG Payment Date" means any date specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms, provided however that 
each OBG Payment Date must also be a Guarantor Payment Date and subject in 
each case, to the extent provided in the relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention; 
"Official Gazette" means Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Series of OBG, 
the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 282 ---
282
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)"  means, in respect of any Series of OBG, 
the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)"  has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of the relevant Series of OBG; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)"  has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of the relevant Series of OBG; 
"Organisation of the OBG Holders" means the organisation of the OBG Holders 
created by the issue and subscription of OBG and regulated by the Rules of the 
Organisation of the OBG Holders; 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(a) 
the originally- specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the OBG; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to the operation of Condition 6(k) (Reference Rate Replacement); 
"Over-Collateralisation Test" means the test providing a minimum level of over 
collateralisation as defined and calculated pursuant to the Portfolio Administration 
Agreement; 
"Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian branch, acting as such pursuant to a 
letter of appointment entered into with the Issuer and pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and any successor thereof appointed in 
accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of 
Payment are open for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies and any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, 
whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any OBG Holders, the place at which 
such OBG Holder receives payment of interest or principal on the OBG; 
"Portfolio" means the whole portfolio of Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets, which include the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolio, transferred to 
the OBG Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement; 
"Portfolio Administration Agreement" means the portfolio administration 
agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between the Issuer, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the OBG Holders, the Cash Manager, 
the Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor, as amended from time to time;

--- Page 283 ---
283
"Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority" has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
"Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority" has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority" has the meaning ascribed to such 
expression in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority" has the meaning ascribed to 
such expression in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it 
means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Paying Agent; 
"Priority of Payments" means, collectively, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payment, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payment and the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments or any one of them as the context 
requires; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent 
by any OBG Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem OBG at the option of 
the OBG Holder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing 
OBG Holder upon deposit of OBG with such Paying Agent by any OBG Holder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem OBG at the option of the OBG Holder; 
"Quotaholders’ Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. (as 
quotaholder of the OBG Guarantor, holding 40 per cent. of the share capital) and 
UniCredit S.p.A. (as quotaholder of the OBG Guarantor, holding 60 per cent. of 
the share capital), as amended from time to time; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) 
of interest payable in respect of the Tranche of OBG specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" or “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, or its 
successor, to the extent that at the relevant time it provides ratings in respect of the 
then outstanding OBG; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), or such other

--- Page 284 ---
284
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Paying Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of OBG where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first OBG Payment Date and 
each successive period from and including one OBG Payment Date to but 
excluding the next OBG Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of OBG where, apart from the first OBG Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the 
next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any OBG Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of OBG where, apart from one OBG Interest Period other than 
the first OBG Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any OBG Payment 
Date falls other than the OBG Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular OBG Interest Period; 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as a clearing system through which payments under the OBG may be 
made; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) 
the date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full 
amount payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the OBG Holders; 
"Relevant Dealer(s)"  means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are 
party to any agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and 
the OBG Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such 
Dealer(s) of such Tranche pursuant to the Dealer Agreement; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 285 ---
285
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such reference rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the 
currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or 
other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Due for Payment Date" means: 
(a) 
(A) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Guaranteed Amounts is reached, and (B) only with respect to the first 
Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default, the later of (i) the day which is two Business Days following 
service of the Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts and (ii) the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is 
applicable to the relevant series of OBG, the OBG Payment Date that would 
apply if the Maturity Date of such series of OBG had been the Extended 
Maturity Date or such other OBG Payment Date(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Interest" means in respect of each OBG Payment Date (i) following 
an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG 
Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable under the OBG on such OBG Payment Date as specified in 
the Conditions falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor 
(but excluding any additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest or 
interest upon interest, which are hereinafter referred to as the "Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts") payable by the Issuer and (ii) following the 
service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the amount in 
respect of interest which would have been due and payable under the OBG on 
each OBG Payment Date as specified in the Conditions falling on or after the 
service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice and including such Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose), less any additional 
amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of

--- Page 286 ---
286
any withholding or deduction made under the circumstances set out in the 
Conditions; 
"Scheduled Payment Date" means, in relation to payments under the OBG 
Guarantee, each OBG Payment Date; 
"Scheduled Principal" means in respect of each OBG Payment Date (i) following 
an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the OBG 
Guarantor, an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would 
have been due and repayable under the OBG on such OBG Payment Dates or the 
Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in the Conditions (but excluding 
any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding 
indemnities, penalties or premiums, which are hereinafter referred to as the 
"Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts") payable by the Issuer and (ii) 
following the service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the 
amount in respect of principal which would have been due and repayable under the 
OBG on each OBG Payment Dates or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) as 
specified in the Conditions and including such Excluded Scheduled Principal 
Amounts (whenever the same arose); 
"Seller" means UniCredit S.p.A. in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement; 
"Servicer" means UniCredit S.p.A. in its capacity as such pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement; 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 13 January 
2012 between the OBG Guarantor and the Servicer, as amended from time to time; 
"Specified Denomination(s)"  means €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof or such other higher denomination as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means: 
(i) 
in the case of the Paying Agent, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, 20124, Milan, 
Italy; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, any Calculation Agent or the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, the offices specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, 
or, in each case, such other office in the same city or town as such Agent may 
specify by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Agency Agreement in 
the manner provided therein; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement 
entered into on 13 January 2012 between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the 
OBG Guarantor, as amended from time to time;

--- Page 287 ---
287
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means the Seller, in its capacity as Subordinated 
Loan Provider pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate: (i) that the Issuer determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate and (ii) that is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Transfer System 2 (or any successor 
thereto)) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro; 
"Transaction Documents" means, in respect of each Tranche, these Conditions, 
the relevant Final Terms, the OBG Guarantee, the Dealer Agreement, the relevant 
Subscription Agreement (if any), the Master Transfer Agreement, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Portfolio 
Administration Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the Quotaholder’s Agreement, 
the Master Definition Agreement and any document or agreement which 
supplement, amend or restate the content of any of the above mentioned 
documents and any other document designated as such by the Issuer, the OBG 
Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders; 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity 
agreement entered into between the Seller and the OBG Guarantor on 13 January 
2012, as amended from time to time; and 
"Zero Coupon OBG" means an OBG specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
(b) 
Interpretation  
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a 
Series of OBG and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) 
and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(iii) if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms 
gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” 
then such expression is not applicable to the OBG;

--- Page 288 ---
288
(iv) any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference 
to such Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented;  
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer 
and the OBG Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any 
Person who, in accordance with the terms of such Transaction Document, 
becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or 
otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in respect of 
the Programme generally or in respect of a single Tranche only; and 
(vi) any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or 
may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The OBG are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The currency of denomination of the OBG 
will be the Euro. The OBG will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised 
form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with Article 83-bis of Italian legislative 
decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, through the authorised 
institutions listed in Article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The OBG will at 
all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-
entries in accordance with the provisions of Article 83-bis of Italian legislative 
decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, and the joint regulation of 
CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the 
Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. The OBG will be held by Monte Titoli on behalf of the OBG Holders 
until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the OBG. The rights and powers of the OBG Holders may only be 
exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the OBG Holders. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Issuer, the Representative of the OBG Holders, the OBG Guarantor and the Paying 
Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder, whose account is at the relevant time credited with 
an OBG, as the absolute owner of such OBG for the purposes of payments to be 
made to the holder of such OBG (whether or not the OBG is overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, any notice of ownership or writing on 
the OBG or any notice of any previous loss or theft of the OBG) and shall not be 
liable for doing so.

--- Page 289 ---
289
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the OBG 
The OBG constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among 
themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable 
to the OBG Holders will be collected by the OBG Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the OBG Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series of OBG when due 
for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the OBG 
Guarantor in accordance with the OBG Guarantee and these Conditions. The 
payment obligations of the OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee constitute 
direct and unconditional obligations of the OBG Guarantor, recourse in respect of 
which is limited in the manner described in Condition 16 (Limited Recourse and 
non-Petition). The OBG Holders acknowledge that the limited recourse nature of 
the OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee produces the effects of a contratto 
aleatorio under Italian law and they accept the consequences thereof, including, 
but not limited to, the provisions of Article 1469 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Pursuant to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of the Law 130, if the Issuer is 
subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa and the OBG Holders are not 
satisfied in full upon the enforcement of the OBG Guarantee, the OBG Holders 
will have a claim against the Issuer for the residual amount ranking pari passu 
with all the other unsecured creditors of the Issuer.  
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due from the OBG Guarantor pursuant to the OBG Guarantee shall be 
paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Segregation of the Portfolio 
By virtue of the Law 130, the OBG Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to (i) 
the Portfolio, (ii) any amount collected from the Portfolio, (iii) any monetary 
claims accrued by the OBG Guarantor in the context of the Programme and arising 
under the Transaction Documents, as well as (iv) any financial asset (including 
those constituting Eligible Investments) resulting from the investment of the cash 
referred to above from time to time owned by the OBG Guarantor and held in an 
account located in Italy resulting from the investment of the cash referred to above 
is segregated from all other assets of the OBG Guarantor. Any amount deriving 
from the Mortgage Receivables will only be available both before and after a 
winding-up of the OBG Guarantor to satisfy the obligations of the OBG Guarantor 
to the OBG Holders, to the creditors as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement and

--- Page 290 ---
290
to any third-party creditors of the OBG Guarantor in respect of costs, fees and 
expenses incurred by the OBG Guarantor in relation to the Programme. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the OBG only if the "Fixed Rate Provisions" are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The OBG bear interest on their outstanding nominal principal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest payable, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
OBG Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each OBG 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such OBG up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant OBG Holder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the OBG Holders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the OBG up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each OBG for any OBG Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the OBG are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each OBG for any period for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by the Paying Agent(or 
failing the Paying Agent, by the Representative of the OBG Holders) by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such OBG divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means one cent of euro. 
6. 
Floating Rate 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the OBG only if the "Floating Rate Provisions" 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest

--- Page 291 ---
291
The OBG bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each OBG Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each OBG will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such OBG up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant OBG Holder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Paying Agent has notified the OBG Holders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the OBG up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the OBG for each OBG Interest Period will be determined, subject to 
Condition 6(k) (Reference Rate Replacement), by the Paying Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by 
one entity, the Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in 
either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Paying 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to 
the Reference Rate, as determined by the Paying Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the euro, selected by the Paying 
Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the euro) on the first day of the relevant OBG Interest Period for 
loans in euro to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant

--- Page 292 ---
292
OBG Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such OBG 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any 
OBG Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the OBG during such 
OBG Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the OBG in 
respect of a preceding OBG Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the OBG for each OBG Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any OBG Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Paying Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Paying Agent were acting as Paying Agent for that interest rate 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each OBG Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each OBG for such OBG Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
OBG Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant OBG divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means one cent of euro. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts

--- Page 293 ---
293
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by 
the Paying Agent, then the Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant 
amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Paying Agent in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
Subject to Condition 6(k) (Reference Rate Replacement), the Paying Agent shall 
cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together with the 
relevant OBG Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agent 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the OBG have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and OBG Payment Date) in any event not later than the 
first day of the relevant OBG Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the OBG Holders. The Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant OBG Interest Period, provided 
that it shall immediately notify the Paying Agent thereof. If the Paying Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a OBG having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
binding on the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the Paying Agent, the OBG Holders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Paying 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes, save for the case of wilful misconduct (dolo) or 
gross negligence (colpa grave)of the Paying Agent. 
(j) 
Failure by the Paying Agent 
If the Paying Agent fails to make the relevant calculations in accordance with this 
Condition, the Representative of the OBG Holders shall make the relevant 
calculation in place of the Paying Agent and shall notify the same to all the 
relevant parties in accordance with these Conditions. The Representative of the 
OBG Holders shall not incur in any liability for such activities except in the case 
of its wilful misconduct (dolo) or gross negligence (colpa grave). 
(k) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in

--- Page 294 ---
294
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of 
the OBG: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours: (A) to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer 
cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if 
any), appoint an Independent Adviser to determine an Alternative Reference 
Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next OBG 
Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the OBG for such next OBG 
Interest Period and for all other future OBG Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6(k) during any other future OBG 
Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Reference Rate and the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next OBG Interest Period (the “Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the OBG for such next OBG Interest Period and for all other future OBG 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(k) 
during any other future OBG Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the 
definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment 
of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets; 
(iii) if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 6(k): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future 
OBG Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(k)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable):  
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate

--- Page 295 ---
295
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for 
all future OBG Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6(k)); or 
(II) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread for all 
future OBG Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(k)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(I) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) 
Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant 
Screen Page applicable to the OBGs and (2) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the 
OBGs if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(II) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), 
 
which changes shall apply to the OBGs for all future OBG 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 6(k); and 
(iv) promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 6(k)(iii)(C) to the 
Paying Agent and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and the OBG 
Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
No consent of the OBG Holders or the Representative of the OBG Holders 
shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor

--- Page 296 ---
296
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in 
this Condition 6(k) or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 
6(k)(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of 
other steps by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 
6(k) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of 
Interest for the next OBG Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 6(c). 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the OBG only if the "Zero Coupon Provisions" 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon OBG 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon OBG is 
improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to 
the Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of 
(i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such OBG up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant OBG Holder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the OBG Holders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the OBG up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 8, if redemption by instalments is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms for a Series of OBG, each such shall be partially 
redeemed on each instalment date at the related instalment amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
OBG shall be reduced by the instalment amount (or, if such instalment 
amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of 
such OBG, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
instalment date, unless payment of the instalment amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding 
until the date on which payment in full of the instalment amount outstanding 
is made.

--- Page 297 ---
297
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, 
the OBG will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount, or in the case of OBG falling withing paragraph (i) above at their 
final instalment amount, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
Without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity 
Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of OBG and 
the Issuer has failed to pay the relevant Final Redemption Amount on the 
applicable Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and, the OBG 
Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on its behalf determines on the date falling on 
the Extension Determination Date that the OBG Guarantor has insufficient 
moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the 
relevant Series of OBG, then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid 
amount by the OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date provided that any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
after the Maturity Date may be paid by the OBG Guarantor on any OBG Payment 
Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and 
in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date as to whether 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of OBG 
will or will not be made in full on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension. 
The OBG Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the OBG (in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices), the Rating Agency, the Representative of the OBG 
Holders and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event 
at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the OBG 
Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the OBG pursuant to the OBG Guarantee. Any 
failure by the OBG Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the OBG Guarantor shall on the Maturity 
Date, pursuant to the OBG Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after 
paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata in part payment of an 
amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the OBG and shall 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such OBG on 
such date. The obligation of the OBG Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of 
the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred as 
described above.

--- Page 298 ---
298
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period 
and be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date following the Maturity Date up 
to the Extended Maturity Date (inclusive). 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of maturity of the OBG 
pursuant to this Condition 8(b) (Extension of Maturity) within 10 days from the 
occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The OBG may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any OBG Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the OBG Holders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued but unpaid (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer gives satisfactory evidence to the Representative of the OBG 
Holders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a 
court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the OBG; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the OBG may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the OBG were then due; or 
2. 
where the OBG may be redeemed only on an OBG Payment Date, 60 
days prior to the OBG Payment Date occurring immediately before the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the OBG were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent and the Representative of the OBG 
Holders (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have

--- Page 299 ---
299
occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and (C) a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer shall have the amounts 
necessary in order to effect the early repayment at the date fixed for the 
redemption. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the OBG in 
accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the "Call Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the OBG may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest accrued but 
unpaid (if any) on the Issuer’s giving (i) not less than 7 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice to the OBG Holders and (ii) not less than 7 days before the giving of the 
notice referred to in (i), notice to the Representative of the OBG Holders and the 
Paying Agent, (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the OBG on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued (but unpaid) interest (if any) to such 
date). Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent and the Representative of 
the OBG Holders a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer shall have the amounts necessary in order to effect the early repayment at 
the date fixed for the redemption. 
(e) 
Partial redemption 
If the OBG are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the OBG to be redeemed 
in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the 
OBG will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte 
Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of 
such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the OBG have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to OBG Holders 
referred to in Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the proportion of the OBG so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of OBG Holders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of any OBG Holder redeem such OBG held by it on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the

--- Page 300 ---
300
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued, but unpaid, to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of OBG Holders), the OBG Holder must, 
not less than 15 or more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), deposit with the Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Put 
Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to 
the depositing OBG Holder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption at the option of OBG Holders), no duly completed Put Option Notice 
may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any OBG become immediately due and payable or, upon 
due presentation of any such OBG on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall notify thereof the OBG Holder at such address as may 
have been given by such OBG Holder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall 
hold such OBG blocked in the records of the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder, relevant clearing system or relevant custodian (as applicable), against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding OBG 
are held blocked by the Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption at the option of OBG Holders), the OBG Holder and not the Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such OBG for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the OBG otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at the option of OBG 
Holders) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon OBG 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon OBG at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to 
the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
the OBG become due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for 
the purposes of this Condition 8(h) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon OBG) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All OBG so redeemed by the Issuer shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 301 ---
301
(j) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the OBG Guarantor) may at any 
time purchase OBG in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Such OBG 
may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled or, as applicable, at the 
option any of its Subsidiaries (other than the OBG Guarantor), surrendered to the 
Issuer for cancellation. The OBG Guarantor shall not purchase any OBG at any 
time. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the OBG will be 
credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent 
on behalf of the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts 
of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are 
credited with those OBG and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised 
brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial 
owners of those OBG or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts 
with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those OBG, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the OBG are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, directives and regulations in the place of payment or other laws to 
which the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor or their agents agree to be subject and 
neither Issuer nor the OBG Guarantor will be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to OBG Holders in respect of such 
payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any OBG is not a Payment 
Business Day in the Place of Payment, the OBG Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
10. 
Taxation  
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the OBG by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or

--- Page 302 ---
302
on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the OBG Holders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts shall be equal to the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any OBG: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal for or on 
account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to 
Legislation Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended (“Decree No. 
239”) with respect to any OBG and in all circumstances in which the 
procedures set forth in Decree No 239 have not been met or complied with 
except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due to 
the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents;or  
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of an OBG Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such OBG by reason of it 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed other than the mere holding of the OBG; or 
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of an OBG Holder who is entitled to avoid such 
withholding or deduction in respect of such OBG by making a declaration 
or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not 
limited to, a declaration of residence or non/residence or other similar claim 
for exemption; or 
(iv) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to 
a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which 
is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; or 
(v) 
where the OBG Holder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not 
so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that 
any third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of an OBG Holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant OBG to another 
Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an amount were to be deducted or withheld from 
interest, principal or other payments on the OBG as a result of an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official

--- Page 303 ---
303
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto (“FATCA”), none of the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, any paying agent or 
any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the OBG be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For 
the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this paragraph (b), the Issuer will not 
be considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States 
should the Issuer be required to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax 
imposed by the United States on any payments the Issuer makes. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the OBG Guarantor 
If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the OBG Guarantor will make the required 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the 
account of the OBG Holders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay 
any additional amounts to the OBG Holders. 
11. 
Events of default 
(a) 
Issuer Event of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default” ) occurs and is 
continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: Default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or more 
in the payment of any principal or redemption amount, or for a period of 14 
days or more in the payment of any interest on the OBG of any Series when 
due; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: The Issuer has incurred into a material default in 
the performance or observance of any of its obligations under or in respect 
of the OBG (of any Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (other than any obligation for the payment 
of principal or interest on the OBG) and (except where, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, such default is not capable of remedy 
in which case no notice will be required), such default remains unremedied 
for 30 days after the Representative of the OBG Holders has given written 
notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such default is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the OBG Holders and specifying 
whether or not such default is capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
Insolvency: An Insolvency Event (other than risoluzione or misure di 
intervento precoce) occurs with respect to the Issuer; or

--- Page 304 ---
304
(iv) 
Tests: The Mandatory Tests or the Over-Collateralisation Test are breached 
and not cured within 1 month following the delivery by the Calculation 
Agent of a Negative Report as confirmed by the Asset Monitor Report; or 
(v) 
Suspension of Payments: A resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking 
Law is issued in respect of the Issuer 
(b) 
Effect of an Issuer Event of Default 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs the Representative of the OBG Holders will 
promptly serve the Notice to Pay on the OBG Guarantor, declaring that an Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred and specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default referred to under point (v) (Suspension of Payments) above, that the Issuer 
Event of Default may be of temporary nature. 
(c) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of OBG: the Issuer may not issue any further Series of 
OBG; 
(ii) 
Acceleration against the Issuer: Each series of OBG will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the 
Issuer, provided that (i) such events shall not trigger an acceleration against 
the OBG Guarantor, (ii) in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Para. 3, 
of the Law 130, the OBG Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the 
exercise of the rights of the OBG Holders vis-à-vis the Issuer and (iii) in 
case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (v) (Suspension of 
Payments) above (x) the OBG Guarantor, in accordance with the Law 130, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under 
the OBG within the suspension period and (y) upon the end of the 
suspension period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the OBG (and for the avoidance of doubts, the OBG then 
outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
(iii) 
Enforcement: in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Para. 3, of the Law 
130, the OBG Guarantor shall be solely responsible, at its discretion and 
without further notice, to take such steps and/or institute such proceedings 
(also acting through the Representative of the OBG Holders) against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound 
to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the OBG Holders;  
(iv) 
OBG Guarantee: Without prejudice to paragraph (i) above, interest and 
principal falling due on the OBG will be payable by the OBG Guarantor at 
the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to and 
in accordance with the terms of the OBG Guarantee and the relevant 
Priority of Payments to creditors set out in the Intercreditor Agreement;

--- Page 305 ---
305
(v) 
Tests: The Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Test shall continue to 
be applied and the Amortisation Test shall apply; 
(vi) 
Disposal of Assets: the OBG Guarantor shall sell the Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets included in the portfolio in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement;  
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) 
(Suspension of payments) above, the effects listed in items (i) (No further Series of 
OBG), (iv) (OBG Guarantee) and (vi) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply 
for as long as the suspension of payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking 
Law will be in force and effect (the “Suspension Period” ). Accordingly (A) the 
OBG Guarantor, in accordance with the Law 130, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the OBG during the Suspension 
Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the OBG (and for the 
avoidance of doubts, the OBG then outstanding will not be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer). 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Guarantor Event of Default” ) occurs 
and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: non payment of principal and interest due in respect of the 
relevant Series of OBG in accordance with the OBG Guarantee, subject to a 
period of 8 days cure period in respect of principal or redemption amount 
and a 15 days cure period in respect of interest payment; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: An Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the OBG 
Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: A breach of the obligations of the OBG 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents (other than (d)(i) above) occurs 
which breach is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders capable of remedy, is not in the opinion 
of the Representative of the OBG Holders remedied within 30 days after 
notice of such breach shall have been given to the OBG Guarantor by the 
Representative of the OBG Holders; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: The Amortisation Test is breached according 
to a Negative Report issued by the Calculation Agent as confirmed by the 
Asset Monitor Report;  
then the Representative of the OBG Holders 
(a) 
in cases under (i) (Non-payment), (ii) (Insolvency) and (iv) (Breach of 
Amortisation test) above, may but shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the OBG Holders, and

--- Page 306 ---
306
(b) 
in case under (iii) (Breach of other obligation) above, shall, if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the OBG Holders  
serve a Guarantor Acceleration Notice on the OBG Guarantor. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice 
Upon service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice upon the OBG Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of OBG: The OBG shall become immediately due and payable 
at their Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued 
interest; 
(ii) 
OBG Guarantee: Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the OBG 
Guarantee, the Representative of the OBG Holders, on behalf of the OBG 
Holders, shall have a claim against the OBG Guarantor for an amount equal 
to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest and any 
other amount due under the OBG (other than additional amounts payable 
under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by Issuer)) in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments to creditors set out in the Intercreditor Agreement;  
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the OBG Guarantor shall sell the Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets included in the portfolio in accordance with the 
provisions of the Portfolio Administration Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: The Representative of the OBG Holders may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may 
think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the OBG Holders. 
(f) 
Determinations, etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 11 (Events of default) by the Representative of the OBG Holders shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and all OBG Holders and (in such absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the OBG Holders, the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor shall 
attach to the Representative of the OBG Holders in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the OBG shall become void unless made within ten 
years (in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due 
date thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the OBG Holders 
(a) 
Organisation of the OBG Holders

--- Page 307 ---
307
The Organisation of the OBG Holders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, 
the issuance of the OBG and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in 
full or cancellation of the OBG. Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the 
OBG Holders, for as long as the OBG are outstanding, there shall at all times be a 
Representative of the OBG Holders. The appointment of the Representative of the 
OBG Holders as legal representative of the Organisation of the OBG Holders is 
made by the OBG Holders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the 
Organisation of the OBG Holders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment 
In the Dealer Agreement the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed the 
Representative of the OBG Holders to perform the activities described in the 
Dealer Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of 
OBG Holders), in the Intercreditor Agreement and in the other Transaction 
Documents, and the Representative of the OBG Holders has accepted such 
appointment for the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending (subject to 
early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the OBG have 
been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by OBG Holders 
Each OBG Holder, by reason of holding OBG: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the OBG Holders as its representative and 
(to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement 
entered into from time to time by the Representative of the OBG Holders in 
such capacity as if such OBG Holder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred 
by any of the OBG Holders as a result of the performance by the 
Representative of the OBG Holders of its duties or the exercise of any of its 
rights under the Transaction Documents. 
14. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection 
with the OBG, the Paying Agent act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
of the OBG Holders. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay or a Guarantor Acceleration Notice, in acting 
under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Paying Agent acts solely 
as agent of the OBG Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the OBG Holders. 
The Paying Agent, its initial Specified Offices, any additional Paying Agent and its 
Specified Offices and the initial Calculation Agent (if any) are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the OBG Guarantor reserve the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a

--- Page 308 ---
308
successor paying agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent; 
and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor shall at all times maintain a paying agent 
in an EU member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax; 
and 
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and 
the OBG Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the OBG are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a paying agent in any particular 
place, the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor shall maintain a paying agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agent or in its Specified Office shall 
promptly be given to the OBG Holders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the OBG Holders, create 
and issue further OBG having the same terms and conditions as the OBG in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so that such 
further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with any Series or upon 
such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue, provided that 
Moody’s has been notified of such issuance. 
16. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee constitute direct 
and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the OBG 
Guarantor, collateralised by the Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets as 
provided under the Law 130 and the BoI OBG Regulation. The recourse of the 
OBG Holders to the OBG Guarantor under the OBG Guarantee will be limited to 
the assets comprised in the cover pool subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made 
to other parties prior to payments to the OBG Holders. 
(b) 
Non petition 
Only the Representative of the OBG Holders may pursue the remedies available 
under the general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of 
the Guaranteed Amounts or enforce the OBG Guarantee and/or any security and 
no OBG Holder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the OBG Guarantor to

--- Page 309 ---
309
obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the OBG Guarantee 
and/or any security. In particular: 
(i) 
no OBG Holder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as 
permitted by the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the 
OBG Holder to enforce the OBG Guarantee and/or any security or take any 
proceedings against the OBG Guarantor to enforce the OBG Guarantee 
and/or any security; 
(ii) 
no OBG Holder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative 
of the OBG Holders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted 
by the Transaction Documents, have the right to take or join any person in 
taking any steps against the OBG Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining 
payment of any amount due from the OBG Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which 
all Series of OBG issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms together 
with any payments payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no OBG Holder 
(nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the OBG 
Holders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the OBG Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no OBG Holder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any 
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would 
result in the Priorities of Payments not being complied with. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli 
Any notice regarding the OBG, as long as the OBG are held through Monte Titoli, 
shall be deemed to have been duly given if given through the systems of Monte 
Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Any notice regarding the OBG, as long as the OBG are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, shall be deemed to have been duly given if published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (at www.luxse.com) or, if required, of 
the CSSF and, in any event, if published in accordance with the rules and 
regulation of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall be at liberty to sanction any other 
method of giving notice to OBG Holders if, in its opinion, such other method is 
reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the OBG 
are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given

--- Page 310 ---
310
to the holders of the OBG in such manner as the Representative of the OBG 
Holders shall require. 
(d) 
Investors Report 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the OBG Guarantor shall make available to the 
holders of the OBG (in accordance with this Condition 17 (Notices) each Investors 
Report as soon as practicable after each relevant Investors Report Date. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified in these Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per 
cent.), and (d) all amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
These OBG, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection 
with them, are governed by Italian law. All Transaction Documents and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with them, are governed by 
Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute 
that may arise in relation to the OBG or their validity, interpretation or 
performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the 
provisions of the Law 130 and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Banking Law and 
the BoI OBG Regulation.

--- Page 311 ---
311
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE OBG HOLDERS  
 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Article 1 
General 
The Organisation of the OBG Holders in respect of the OBG issued under the Programme by UniCredit 
S.p.A. is created concurrently with the issue and subscription of the OBG of the first Series and is governed 
by these Rules of the Organisation of the OBG Holders ("Rules"). 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the OBG. 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the OBG of each Series 
issued by the Issuer. 
Article 2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that specified OBG have been blocked in an account with a clearing system, the Monte 
Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be released until a the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the notification to the Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of 
confirmation that the OBG have been unblocked and notification of the release thereof by 
the Paying Agent to the Issuer and Representative of the OBG Holders; 
(b) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked OBG or a duly authorised person on its behalf has 
notified the Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such OBG are to be cast in a particular way 
on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number and the principal amount outstanding of such specified Blocked OBG, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked OBG" means OBG which have been blocked in an account with a clearing system, the Monte 
Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian for the purpose of obtaining a Voting Certificate or 
requesting the Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction on terms that they will not be released until 
after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Voting Certificate or the Block Voting Instruction 
is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 6 
(Chairman of the Meeting); 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default, as the context 
requires;

--- Page 312 ---
312
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in these Rules on any of the subjects covered by Article 18.2 (Extraordinary 
Resolution) by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast; 
"Holder" means in respect of OBG, the ultimate owner of such OBG; 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or demands; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of the OBG Holders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their 
customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte 
Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System); 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in these Rules on any of the subjects covered by Article 18.1 (Ordinary 
Resolution) by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
"Portfolio" has the meaning given to it in the Master Definition Agreement; 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the OBG 
Holders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules to 
direct the Representative of the OBG Holders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or 
the OBG Guarantor pursuant to Condition 11(e)(iii) (Effect of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice - 
Enforcement); 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to 
vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying Agent has been 
notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and who 
has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Rating Agency" means Moody’s Investors Service, or its successor, to the extent that at the relevant time it 
provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding OBG; 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively as the context 
requires; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Series or a Tranche of OBG, the applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer of a 
Voting Certificate issued by the Monte Titoli Account Holder or a Proxy named in a Block Voting 
Instruction; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly 
by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time stating that: 
(i) 
that Blocked OBG will not be released until the earlier of 
 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in respect of such Blocked 
OBG; or

--- Page 313 ---
313
(c) 
if possible under the relevant applicable laws and regulations, a certificate issued by the Paying Agent 
stating: 
(i) 
that Blocked OBG will not be released until the earlier of: 
 
 
(A) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
 
 
(B) 
the surrender of such certificate to the Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in respect of such 
Blocked OBG. 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons holding 
or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of (i) all the OBG (in case of 
Programme Resolution) or (ii) all the OBG of one or more relevant Series (in case of a resolution to be taken 
by the OBG Holders of such relevant Series), whether contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such OBG Holders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business 
both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Paying Agent has its 
specified office; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions 
used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be 
a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the OBG Holders; 
2.2.2 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title 
of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been 
transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the OBG of each Series shall form a separate Series of 
OBG and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the OBG Holders in its absolute 
discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative 
of the OBG Holders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the OBG Guarantor) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis separately and independently to the OBG of each Series. However, for the purposes of this 
Article 2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment) and 27 (Resignation); and 
2.3.2 
 insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) 
to 25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of 
the OBG Holders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the OBG Guarantor), 
the OBG shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall apply to 
all the OBG together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions "OBG" 
and "OBG Holders" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 314 ---
314
Article 3 
Purpose of the Organisation of the OBG Holders 
Each OBG Holders is a member of the Organisation of the OBG Holders. 
The purpose of the Organisation of the OBG Holders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of the OBG 
Holders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the OBG 
Holders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE OBG HOLDERS  
Article 4 
Convening a Meeting 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the OBG Holders, the OBG Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate or 
combined Meetings of the OBG Holders at any time and the Representative of the OBG Holders shall 
be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by OBG Holders representing at least one-tenth of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series of OBG. 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may convene a single meeting of the OBG Holders of more 
than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders there is no conflict between 
the holders of the OBG of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall 
apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the OBG Holders and the Paying Agent specifying the proposed day, time and place 
of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, provided that it is in a EU Member State. 
Article 5 
Notice 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant 
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant 
OBG Holders and the Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor, where the 
Meeting is convened by the Representative of the OBG Holders, or with a copy to the Representative 
of the OBG Holders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer. 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the OBG Holders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall explain how OBG Holders may appoint Proxies, 
obtaining Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not complied with 
if the Holders of the OBG constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG, the Holders of

--- Page 315 ---
315
which are entitled to attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the 
Representative of the OBG Holders are present. 
Article 6 
Chairman of the Meeting 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a OBG Holder), nominated in writing by the Representative 
of the OBG Holders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
6.1.1 
the Representative of the OBG Holders fails to make a nomination; or 
6.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which, 
the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same 
person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages 
the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and 
determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist 
in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be OBG 
Holders. 
Article 7 
Quorum 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
7.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more Voters holding or representing at least 25 per 
cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing OBG Holders, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG so held or represented; or 
7.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided below), 
one or more Voters holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the OBG of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned 
Meeting, one or more persons being or representing OBG Holders of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG so held or 
represented; or 
7.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in relation to 
a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 32 (Waiver), only be capable 
of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution, namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where 
applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the specific Series of OBG; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the specific Series of OBG are to be 
made;

--- Page 316 ---
316
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
except in accordance with Articles 31 (Amendments and Modifications) and 32 (Waiver), 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the specific Series of OBG for, or the conversion of such Specific Series of 
OBG into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(e) 
alteration of this Article 7.1.3; 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be one or more voters being or representing 
holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG of such 
Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more voters being or 
representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG of 
such Series for the time being outstanding. 
Article 8 
Adjournment for Want of Quorum 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the 
time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which 
a quorum is present: 
8.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of OBG Holders, the Meeting shall be 
dissolved; and 
8.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if 
such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) at the same time and place 
(except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in 
which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 10 clear days nor 
more than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at 
or subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Representative of the OBG Holders). 
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) 
after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any 
particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of the 
OBG Holders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 13 clear 
days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed by the 
Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of the 
OBG Holders. 
Article 9 
Adjourned Meeting 
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior 
consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time and 
place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have been 
transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
Article 10 
Notice Following Adjournment 
10.1 Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for want of a 
quorum except that:

--- Page 317 ---
317
10.1.1 
10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
10.1.2 
 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
10.2 Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to 
give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 8 
(Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
Article 11 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
11.1 Voters; 
11.2 the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor; 
11.3 representatives of the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders; 
11.4 financial advisers to the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders; 
11.5 legal advisers to the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders; and 
11.6 any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the 
OBG Holders. 
Article 12 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
12.1 A OBG Holder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its Monte Titoli 
Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
12.2 A OBG Holder may also obtain from the Paying Agent or require the Paying OBG Agent to issue a 
Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such OBG to be blocked in an account in the relevant 
clearing system, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian not later than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
12.3 A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked OBG to 
which it relates. 
12.4 So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein as Holder or 
Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), and any Proxy 
named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Paying Agent) shall be deemed 
to be the Holder of the OBG to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to 
which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
12.5 A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect 
of the same OBG. 
12.6 References to the blocking or release of OBG shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices 
(including blocking the relevant account) of any relevant clearing system. 
Article 13 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions 
13.1 A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be 
valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the 
Representative of the OBG Holders, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the OBG

--- Page 318 ---
318
Holders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction 
or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman 
decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the OBG Holders 
so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity 
of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holders or Proxy named in a Voting 
Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be produced at the Meeting but the 
Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the OBG named in a 
Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction or the identity of any Holder named in a Voting 
Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder. 
Article 14 
Voting by show of hands 
14.1 Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands. 
14.2 Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman’s 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or 
rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes 
cast for, or against, the resolution. 
Article 15 
Voting by poll 
15.1 Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the 
Representative of the OBG Holders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the OBG held or represented by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or after such 
adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on 
any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to 
be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
15.2 The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the 
terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted 
and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
Article 16 
Votes 
16.1 Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 
on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each €1.00 or 
such other amount as the Representative of the OBG Holders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate. 
16.2 Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all 
the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 Voting tie

--- Page 319 ---
319
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
Article 17 
Voting by proxy 
17.1 Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of the 
Issuer, the Representative of the OBG Holders or the Chairman has been notified in writing of such 
amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate 
in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following 
an adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened 
which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when 
it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block 
Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
Article 18 
Resolutions 
18.1 Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 
 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the 
subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 
 to authorise the Representative of the OBG Holders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 
 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
OBG Guarantor, the Representative of the OBG Holders or any of them where such 
compromise or arrangement are subject expressly to the OBG Holders approval; 
18.2.2 
 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights 
of the Representative of the OBG Holders, the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the OBG 
Holders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or 
otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the OBG, 
which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the OBG 
Holders and/or any other party thereto where such modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise are subject expressly to the OBG Holders approval; 
18.2.3 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the Representative of the OBG 
Holders or of any OBG Holder where such modification are subject expressly to the OBG 
Holders approval;

--- Page 320 ---
320
18.2.4 
in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment), appoint and remove the Representative of the 
OBG Holders; 
18.2.5 
subject to the provisions set forth under the Conditions and the Transaction Documents or 
upon request of the Representative of the OBG Holders, authorise the Representative of 
the OBG Holders to issue a Notice to Pay as a result of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant 
to Condition 11(a) (Issuer Event of Default) or a Guarantor Acceleration Notice as a result 
of a OBG Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(d) (Guarantor Event of 
Default); 
18.2.6 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
OBG Holders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the OBG Holders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to 
these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
18.2.7 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the OBG Holders in compliance 
with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document, if 
required therein; 
18.2.9 
to appoint any person (whether OBG Holders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the OBG Holders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the 
OBG Holders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10 
authorise the Representative of the OBG Holders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution. 
18.3 Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the 
OBG Holders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor 
pursuant to Condition 11(e)(iv) (Effect of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice - Enforcement) and to 
approve any amendment to the OBG Guarantee (except in a manner determined by the Representative 
of the OBG Holders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the OBG Holders of any Series). 
18.4 Other Series of OBG 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Resolution relating to a Series 
Reserved Matter that is passed by the Holders of one Series of OBG shall be effective in respect of 
another Series of OBG unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution 
(as the case may be) of the Holders of OBG then outstanding of that other Series, subject to Article 
24.1. 
Article 19 
Effect of Resolutions 
19.1 Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of OBG), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the OBG Holders 
duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all OBG Holders, 
whether or not present at such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any 
Meeting of the holders of the OBG of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the OBG of all 
Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by OBG Holders shall be published 
(at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agent (with a

--- Page 321 ---
321
copy to the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the Representative of the OBG Holders within 14 days of 
the conclusion of each Meeting). 
Article 20 
Challenge to Resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting OBG Holder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in 
compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
Article 21 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided by 
the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence 
of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of 
which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and 
transacted. 
Article 22 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
Article 23 
Individual actions and remedies 
Each OBG Holder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Clauses 4 (Exercise of Rights and 
Subrogation) and 11 (Limited Recourse) of the OBG Guarantee and Clause 10 (Limited Recourse and Non 
Petition) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, if any OBG Holder is considering bringing 
individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the OBG and the OBG 
Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the grounds that it is not consistent with such 
Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall apply: 
23.1 the OBG Holder intending to enforce his/her rights under the OBG will notify the Representative of 
the OBG Holders of his/her intention; 
23.2 the Representative of the OBG Holders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with these 
Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 24 (Choice of Meeting); 
23.3 if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the individual action 
or remedy, the OBG Holder will be prevented from taking such action or remedy (without prejudice to 
the fact that after a reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review of 
another Meeting); and 
23.4 if the Meeting of OBG Holders does not object to an individual action or remedy, the OBG Holder will 
not be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
Article 24 
Meetings and separate Series 
24.1 Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding OBG of more than one Series the 
foregoing provisions of this Rules shall have effect subject to the following modifications:

--- Page 322 ---
322
24.1.1 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders affects the OBG of 
only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the 
holders of the OBG of that Series; 
24.1.2 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders affects the OBG of 
more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of OBG 
of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of the OBG of all the Series so affected; 
24.1.3 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders affects the OBG of 
more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of 
the OBG of one Series or group of Series so affected and the holders of the OBG of another 
Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at 
separate meetings of the holders of the OBG of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
24.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the OBG Holders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply as 
though references therein to OBG and OBG Holders were references to the OBG of the Series 
or group of Series in question or to the holders of such OBG, as the case may be. 
Article 25 
Further regulations 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the OBG Holders may, without 
the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance 
and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative of the OBG Holders 
in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE OBG HOLDERS 
Article 26 
Appointment, removal and remuneration 
26.1 Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the OBG Holders takes place by Extraordinary Resolution of 
the OBG Holders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Securitisation Services S.p.A.) as first 
Representative of the OBG Holders which will be appointed under the Dealer Agreement. 
26.2 Identity of Representative of the OBG Holders 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall be: 
26.2.1 
 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in 
any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 
 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Law; or 
26.2.3 
 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of 
the OBG Holders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in Article 2399 
of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the OBG Holders and, if appointed 
as such, they shall be automatically removed.

--- Page 323 ---
323
26.3 Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the OBG Holders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the OBG 
Holders pursuant to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolution) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 
(Resignation of the Representative of the OBG Holders), it shall remain in office until full repayment 
or cancellation of all the Series of OBG. 
26.4 After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the OBG Holders for any 
reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the 
OBG Holders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the OBG 
Holders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the OBG 
Holders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by 
the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in connection 
with the OBG. 
26.5 Remuneration 
The Issuer shall pay to the Representative of the OBG Holders an annual fee for its services as 
Representative of the OBG Holders from the Issue Date, as agreed in a separate fee letter. Such fees 
shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out 
in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when the OBG shall have been repaid in 
full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. In case of failure by the Issuer to pay the 
Representative of the OBG Holders the fee for its services, the same will be paid by the OBG 
Guarantor. 
Article 27 
Resignation of the Representative of the OBG Holders 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar months’ 
written notice to the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the 
resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The 
resignation of the Representative of the OBG Holders shall not become effective until a new Representative 
of the OBG Holders has been appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new 
Representative of the OBG Holders has accepted its appointment, provided that if OBG Holders fail to select 
a new Representative of the OBG Holders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by 
the Representative of the OBG Holders, the Representative of the OBG Holders may appoint a successor 
which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the OBG Holders). 
Article 28 
Duties and powers of the Representative of the OBG Holders 
28.1 Representative of the OBG Holders as legal representative 
The Representative of the OBG Holders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the OBG 
Holders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order 
to protect the interests of the OBG Holders. 
28.2 Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the OBG Holders is responsible 
for implementing all resolutions of the OBG Holders. The Representative of the OBG Holders has the 
right to convene and attend Meetings to propose any course of action which it considers from time to 
time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 Delegation 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities 
vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents:

--- Page 324 ---
324
28.3.1 
 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative 
of the OBG Holders; 
28.3.2 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the OBG Holders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of 
persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject to such 
regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the OBG Holders may think fit 
in the interest of the OBG Holders. The Representative of the OBG Holders shall not, other than in the 
normal course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-
delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any 
misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the 
Representative of the OBG Holders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such 
delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative 
of the OBG Holders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the OBG 
Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such 
appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor 
of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
28.4 Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the OBG Holders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the OBG 
Holders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the 
OBG Guarantor. 
28.5 Consents given by Representative of OBG Holders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the OBG Holders under these Rules and any 
other Transaction Document may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the OBG Holders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given 
retrospectively. 
28.6 Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the OBG Holders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the OBG Holders by these Rules or by operation of law. 
28.7 Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the OBG Holders is entitled to 
exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the OBG Holders has the right (but not the 
obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the OBG Holders’ instructions as to 
how it should act. Without prejudice to the provisions set forth under Article 33 (Indemnity), prior to 
undertaking any action, the Representative of the OBG Holders shall be entitled to request that the 
OBG Holders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific 
Limitations). 
28.8 Remedy 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may determine whether or not a default in the performance by 
the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the OBG or 
any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the OBG Holders 
certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be 
conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the OBG Holders, the other creditors of the OBG Guarantor 
and any other party to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 325 ---
325
Article 29 
Exoneration of the Representative of the OBG Holders 
29.1 Limited obligations 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition 
to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
29.2 Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the OBG Holders: 
29.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence 
of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the 
OBG Holders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until 
the Representative of the OBG Holders has actual knowledge or express notice to the 
contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by 
the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these 
Rules, the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge 
or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the OBG Holders shall be entitled to 
assume that the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction 
Documents are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under 
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions 
of these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
29.24 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or 
pursuant hereto or thereto, and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall 
not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in 
any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the OBG 
Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be 
delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the OBG Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or 
other authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets 
contained in the Portfolio; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the OBG 
Guarantor, the Servicer and the Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the 
Portfolio or the OBG; 
29.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the 
issue of the OBG or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the OBG by any credit 
or rating agency or any other person;

--- Page 326 ---
326
29.2.7 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of 
the OBG Holders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or any certificate, 
document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
29.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction 
Document; 
29.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or 
failure in the right or title of the OBG Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the 
Portfolio or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative 
of the OBG Holders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether 
capable of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables 
contained in the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Portfolio or 
any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the Portfolio or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the OBG, the Portfolio or any 
Transaction Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Portfolio or any part thereof;  
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
OBG Holders, have regard to the overall interests of the OBG Holders of each Series as a 
class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual OBG Holders whatever their number and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual OBG Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it 
is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the OBG of any one or more Series would 
be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without 
the approval of such OBG Holders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of 
such OBG Holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
OBG of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the OBG Holders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor 
but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders, there is a conflict between 
their interests the Representative of the OBG Holders will have regard solely to the interest 
of the OBG Holders; 
29.2.18 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion 
vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating 
to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands 
which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or

--- Page 327 ---
327
sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction 
Documents shall require the Representative of the OBG Holders to expend or risk its own 
funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise 
of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the 
repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability 
is not reasonably assured; and 
29.2.19 shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities which may result from anything done or 
omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction 
Documents. 
29.3 Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the OBG Holders to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks 
in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the OBG Holders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in its 
opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, 
or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of 
such action. The Representative of the OBG Holders may do anything which, in its opinion, is 
necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
Article 30 
Reliance on information 
30.1 Advice 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any 
written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or rating agency or 
other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor, the Representative of the OBG 
Holders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, 
advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax 
transmission and the Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, 
advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error 
or is not authentic. 
30.2 Certificates of Issuer and/or OBG Guarantor 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as sufficient 
evidence 
30.2.1 
 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the OBG Guarantor’s knowledge, 
a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the OBG 
Guarantor; 
30.2.2 
 that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
OBG Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is 
expedient, 
and the Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate 
unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
30.3 Resolution or direction of OBG Holders 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof 
minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of OBG Holders, even

--- Page 328 ---
328
though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or 
the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of 
the direction was not valid or binding upon the OBG Holders. 
30.4 Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the OBG Holders, in order to ascertain ownership of the OBG, may fully rely on 
the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, which 
certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5 Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate 
and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the OBG Holders considers 
appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time 
or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as 
entitled to a particular number of OBG. 
30.6 Certificates of parties to Transaction Documents 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall have the right: 
30.6.1 
 to require the Issuer to obtain, written certificates issued by one of the parties to the 
Intercreditor Agreement, or by any other creditor of the OBG Guarantor, as to any matter 
or fact which is prima facie within the knowledge of such party or as to such party’s 
opinion with respect to any matter; and 
30.6.2 
to rely on such written certificates. 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of 
the relevant fact, matter or issue and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a 
result of having failed to do so. 
30.7 Rating Agency 
The Representative of the OBG Holder shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any 
power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of OBG of any Series or of all Series for the time 
being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current rating of the OBG of any 
such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected by such exercise, or 
have otherwise given their consent, provided that the Rating Agency shall be under no obligation to 
provide any consent or rating confirmation. If the Representative of the OBG Holders, in order 
properly to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the 
Rating Agency as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the OBG, the 
Representative of the OBG Holders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its 
expense on behalf of the Representative of the OBG Holders or the Representative of the OBG 
Holders may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
30.8 Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the OBG 
Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the 
OBG Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 
30.8.1 
 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided 
for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
30.8.2 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or

--- Page 329 ---
329
30.8.3 
 as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue and the Representative of the OBG 
Holders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact, 
matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a 
result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
30.9 Auditors 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
Article 31 
Amendments and modifications 
31.1 The Representative of the OBG Holders may from time to time and without the consent or sanction of 
the OBG Holders concur with the Issuer and/or the OBG Guarantor and any other relevant parties in 
making any modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the OBG Holders may disregard 
whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the 
opinion of the Representative of the OBG Holders may be expedient to make provided that 
the Representative of the OBG Holders is of the opinion that such modification will be 
proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the OBG 
Holders of any Series;  
31.1.2 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the OBG 
Holders is to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of 
the Representative of the OBG Holders or for the purpose of clarification; and 
31.1.3 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is necessary to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law and regulation or a change of the OBG 
Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
31.2 Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the OBG Holders may determine, shall be binding upon the OBG Holders and, 
unless the Representative of the OBG Holders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the 
OBG Guarantor (as the case may be) to the OBG Holders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.3 In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the OBG Holders may 
have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the OBG Holders considers reasonable to 
rely on, and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to a certificate from a Relevant Dealer, 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document, confirming nothing has been 
said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such stated intention 
and stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect such 
intention 
31.4 The Representative of the OBG Holders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the OBG 
Guarantor and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution or and if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
31.5 Any variations of the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents to give effect to Condition 6(k) 
(Reference Rate Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of the Representative of the 
OBG Holders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the competent authority.

--- Page 330 ---
330
Article 32 
Waiver 
32.1 Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the OBG Holders may at any time and from time to time in its sole direction, 
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, from time to 
time and at any time, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Holders of the OBG 
then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 
 authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, 
any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the OBG 
Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the OBG Guarantor under any other 
Transaction Documents; or 
32.1.2 
 determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the 
Transaction Documents, without any consent or sanction of the OBG Holders. 
32.2 Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 32.1 (Waiver of Breach) shall be 
binding on the OBG Holders. 
32.3 Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the OBG Holders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 
32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of 
the OBG then outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 
25 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG (in the case of any such 
determination, with the OBG of all Series taken together as a single Series as aforesaid), and at all 
times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction 
or request: 
32.3.1 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made or 
32.3.2 
 all authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved 
Matter unless holders of OBG of each Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so 
authorised its exercise. 
32.4 Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the OBG Holders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the OBG Holders and the Secured Creditors, as 
soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Article 33 
Indemnity 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge 
(on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the 
OBG Holders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and 
demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the OBG Holders, 
including but not limited to legal expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes 
or duties paid by the Representative of the OBG Holders in connection with any action and/or legal 
proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the OBG Holders pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the OBG or 
the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 331 ---
331
Article 34 
Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the OBG Holders shall not be 
liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, 
the OBG or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
default (dolo). 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE OBG HOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF A OBG 
GUARANTOR ACCELERATION NOTICE 
Article 35 
Powers to act on behalf of the OBG Guarantor 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Acceleration Notice or, prior to service of a 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice, following the failure of the OBG Guarantor to exercise any right to which it 
is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement the Representative of the OBG Holders, in its capacity as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the OBG Holders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the 
Secured Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in 
relation to the Portfolio. Therefore, the Representative of the OBG Holders, in its capacity as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the OBG Holders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the 
Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the OBG Guarantor and as mandatario in 
rem propriam of the OBG Guarantor, any and all of the rights of the OBG Guarantor under certain 
Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the 
relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
Article 36 
Governing law 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Article 37 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 332 ---
332
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of 
OBG issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not 
form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The OBG are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”)For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the OBG or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the OBG or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The OBG are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the OBG or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
OBG or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of each of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the OBG has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the OBG is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the OBG to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the OBG (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the OBG (by either adopting or

--- Page 333 ---
333
refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] of the manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the OBG has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the OBG is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the OBG to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the OBG (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the OBG (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
UniCredit S.p.A.  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description]  
OBG due [Maturity] (the “OBG”) 
Guaranteed by UniCredit OBG S.r.l.  
under the €35,000,000,000 OBG Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated 11 May 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the OBG 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the offer of the OBG described herein is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Prospectus[, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. These 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com and will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from 
the Specified Office of the Paying Agent.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.)

--- Page 334 ---
334
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 7 June 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 11 May 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the OBG described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus dated 11 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] 
[and [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the 
offer of the OBG described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [, including 
the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.luxse.com. These Final Terms will be published on website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and will be available from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the Specified Office of the Paying Agent.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable " (N/A). Note that 
the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the OBG will 
become fungible: 
[Not applicable / The OBG will be 
consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
[(insert Series Number and ISIN Code)] on 
[the Issue Date/ (insert date)] 
2. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of OBG: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [] 
4. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
€100,000 
[plus 
integral 
multiples 
of 
€[1,000] in excess thereof] (Include the 
wording in square brackets where the 
Specified Denomination is €100,000 or 
equivalent plus multiples of a lower 
principal amount.)

--- Page 335 ---
335
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
6. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate OBG) 
OBG Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year.] 
7. 
 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the OBG 
Guarantee: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraphs [14], [15] and [16] below) 
9. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the OBG (other than Zero 
Coupon OBG) will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at par (as referred to in 
Condition 8(a)(ii))] / [Subject to any 
purchase 
and 
cancellation 
or 
early 
redemption, OBG (other than Zero Coupon 
OBG) will be redeemed in the instalment 
amounts and on the instalment dates set out 
in paragraph 23 below (as referred to in 
Condtition 8(a)(i))] / [Subject to any 
purchase 
and 
cancellation 
or 
early 
redemption, Zero Coupon OBG will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●] 
(insert an amount above 100%)/[100]] per 
cent. of their nominal amount.] 
10. 
 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
11. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(see paragraphs [17] and [18] below)]

--- Page 336 ---
336
12. 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
OBG 
[and 
OBG 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of OBG or related OBG 
Guarantee)] 
13. 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable on each 
OBG Payment Date in arrear 
 
(ii) 
OBG Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with [[Following Business Day Convention] 
/ 
[FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Modifified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention] / [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention and any applicable Additional 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”)]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
OBG Payment Date falling [in/on] [] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/ 
30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
OBG Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 337 ---
337
 
(iii) 
OBG Payment Dates: 
[] / [Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
First OBG Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/
No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ 
ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[] (For example, EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] (For example, EURIBOR 01) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] (For example, 11.00 a.m. London 
time/Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] (For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 338 ---
338
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/ 
30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Condition 
[8(h) 
(Early 
redemption 
of 
Zero 
Coupon 
OBG)]: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/
Actual/365 
(Fixed)/
Actual/360/ 
30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of OBG and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [The 
principal amount of the OBG outstanding 
on the Optional Redemption Date] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 339 ---
339
18. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each OBG and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of OBG 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
any Series of OBG other than Zero Coupon 
OBG shall be equal to the nominal amount 
of the relevant OBG) 
20. 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
(Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons) 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
21. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption following a Guarantor Event 
of Default) 
[] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE OBG 
22. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
23. 
 
Details relating to OBG for which 
principal is repayable in instalments: 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/ The OBG shall be 
redeemed on each instalment date set out 
below in the instalment amounts set out 
below] 
 
 
Instalment date 
Instalment amount 
 
 
[] 
[] 
 
 
[] 
[] 
 
 
Maturity Date 
[All 
outstanding 
instalment amounts 
not 
previously 
redeemed]

--- Page 340 ---
340
[Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the 
Issuer and the OBG Guarantor confirms that such information relating to the OBG has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information relating to the OBG published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information relating to the OBG inaccurate 
or misleading.]] 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A. 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit OBG S.r.l. 
By: ________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 341 ---
341
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/(specify other)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has been] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the OBG to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ [] (specify 
other regulated market)] with effect from [].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
[The [●] were admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/ [] (specify other regulated market)] 
with effect from []] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original OBG are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
 
related to admission to trading 
[●] 
2 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody’s: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]

--- Page 342 ---
342
 
 
[Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered 
in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the OBG is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
OBG is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).].

--- Page 343 ---
343
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the OBG is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
OBG is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 344 ---
344
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the OBG is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation (UK))”.] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
OBG is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 345 ---
345
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered 
in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the OBG to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
OBG is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 346 ---
346
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the OBG to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)] 
[and/or] [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation” 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation)] [and/or] [Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)].

--- Page 347 ---
347
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation) or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
OBG is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
3 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[“Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the OBG has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer(s) and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions, with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and 
the OBG Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation). 
4 Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds: 
[for general funding purposes of the Group]/[●] 
See “Use of proceeds” in the Prospectus. 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit 
or general corporate purposes (for example for a 
Green OBG, a Social OBG, or a Sustainability 
OBG), will need to include those reasons here) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 Fixed Rate OBG only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] / [Not applicable]

--- Page 348 ---
348
6 Floating Rate OBG only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS/[]] rates can be obtained from [Reuters/[]].] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 349 ---
349
7 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category] 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the OBG clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the the OBG may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the OBG clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the OBG do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the OBG may constitute “packaged” 
products, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the OBG 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than 
one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark].

--- Page 350 ---
350
 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute]/[ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration]/[administrator 
legal 
name]] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the 
BMR.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[administrator legal name] does not fall within 
the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the BMR apply, such that the [[European Money 
Markets Institute]/[others]] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, 
if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
8 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
CFI: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[[●] as set out on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) 
other than Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of 
additional OBG Paying Agent(s) 
(if any), Calculation Agent(s), 
Listing Agent(s) or Representative 
of the OBG Holders (if any): 
[]

--- Page 351 ---
351
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
OBG are intended upon issue to be held in a form 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (i.e. issued 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) 
and 
wholly 
and 
exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 83-bis 
of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in Article 83-quater of such legislative decree) 
and does not necessarily mean that the OBG will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 352 ---
352
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY  
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of the OBG and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) 
may be subject to special rules.  
This summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this 
Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such 
date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. This summary will not be updated to 
reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in this summary 
could become invalid. Prospective purchasers of the OBG are advised to consult their 
own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the 
OBG. 
Italian Tax Treatment of the OBG – General 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree. No. 239”) regulates the tax 
treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by 
Italian resident banks (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”). The provisions 
of Decree No. 239 only apply to OBG issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni 
(bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 
44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (“Decree No. 917”). For this 
purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities issued in series (titoli di massa) that 
(i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower 
than their nominal value, (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the Issuer or of the business in relation to 
which they are issued or to control the same management and (iii) do not provide for a 
remuneration which is linked to profits. 
Taxation of Interest 
Italian Resident OBG holders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of the OBG that qualify as 
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni who is the beneficial owner of such OBG, 
is (a) an individual holding OBG otherwise than in connection with entrepreneurial 
activity; (b) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnership) or de facto partnership not carrying out 
commercial activities or professional association; (c) a non-commercial private or public 
institution (other than an Italian undertaking for collective investments) or a trust not 
carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; or (d) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation (unless the holders under (a), (b) and (c) have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the OBG, to an authorised 
intermediary and have opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime according to 
Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended

--- Page 353 ---
353
(“Decree No. 461” – the “Asset Management Option”), Interest payments relating to 
the OBG are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 
per cent. either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder 
on a transfer or disposal of the OBG. All the above categories are qualified as “net 
recipients”. 
Where the resident holders of the OBG described above under (a) and (c) are engaged in 
an entrepreneurial activity to which the OBG are effectively connected, imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax and may be deducted from the taxation on 
income due by such resident holders. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, 
premium and other income relating to the OBG if the OBG are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, 
Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, or Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, 
Article 68(1) of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 
178 of 30 December 2020, and Article 1 (26, 27, 912) of Law n. 234 of 30 December 
2022, as amended and reinstated from time to time.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by (a) banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione 
del risparmio (“SGRs”), stock brokers and other qualified entities resident in Italy, or (b) 
by permanent establishments in Italy of any of such intermediaries or (c) authorised 
intermediaries resident outside Italy which are members of a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of 
the Italian Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having 
appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239 
(“Intermediaries” and each an “Intermediary”), that must intervene in any way in the 
collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the OBG.  
Where the OBG and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld: 
(a) 
by any intermediary paying Interest to the OBG holders; or 
(b) 
by the Issuer. 
If Interest on the OBG is not collected through an Intermediary, or absent that, by the 
Issuer, the Italian resident OBG holders listed above under (a) to (d) will be required to 
include Interest in their annual income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26%.Payments of Interest in respect of OBG that qualify as obbligazioni 
or titoli similari alle obbligazioni, are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva if 
made to beneficial owners who are: (i) Italian resident companies or similar commercial 
entities or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign companies to which the OBG are 
effectively connected; (ii) Italian collective investment funds, SICAFs (“Società di

--- Page 354 ---
354
investimento a capitale fisso”), SICAVs (società di investimento a capitale variabile), 
Italian pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 
(“Decree No. 252”), Italian real estate investment funds and Italian real estate SICAFs to 
which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently 
amended, apply (“Italian Real Estate SICAFs”); and (iii) Italian resident individuals 
holding OBG not in connection with entrepreneurial activity or non-commercial 
partenerships or non-commercial private or public institution who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the OBG, to an authorised financial 
intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Option. Such categories are 
qualified as “gross recipients”. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the OBG without the application of the 
imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated above under (i) to (iii) must (a) be the 
beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the OBG and (b) timely deposit the OBG 
together with the coupons relating to such OBG directly or indirectly with an 
Intermediary.  
Where the OBG and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld:  
(a) 
by any intermediary paying Interest to the OBG holder; or  
(b) 
by the Issuer, 
and gross recipients that are Italian resident companies or similar commercial entities or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign companies to which the OBG are effectively 
connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from their income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the OBG must be included in the yearly taxable income for the 
purposes of corporate income tax (“IRES”), generally applying at the current ordinary 
rate of 24% (certain categories of taxpayers, including banks and financial entities are 
subject to an IRES surcharge equal to 3.5%) and in certain circumstances, depending on 
the “status” of the OBG holder, also in the net value of production for purposes of 
regional tax on productive activities – IRAP, generally applying at the rate of 3,9% that 
can be increased by regional laws up to 0,92% (certain categories of taxpayers, including 
banks, financial entities and insurance companies, are subject to higher IRAP rates) of 
beneficial owners who are Italian resident companies or similar commercial entities or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign companies to which the OBG are effectively 
connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules.  
Italian resident individuals holding OBG not in connection with entrepreneurial activity 
or non-commercial partnerships or non-commercial private or public institutions who 
have opted for the Asset Management Option are subject to a 26 per cent annual 
substitute tax (the “Asset Management Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued at the end of each tax year. The Asset Management Tax is applied on 
behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Italian collective investment funds, SICAFs and SICAVs that do not invest in real estate 
established in Italy are not subject to imposta sostitutiva on the Interest and other 
proceeds accrued during the holding period on the OBG if either (i) the fund or SICAF

--- Page 355 ---
355
or SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the 
“Italian Fund”) and the relevant OBG are held by an authorised intermediary. A 
withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 percent on 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective Investment 
Fund Tax”). 
Italian pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 Decree No. 252, as 
subsequently amended, are not subject to imposta sostitutiva. They are subject to a 20 
per cent. annual substitute tax (the “Pension Fund Tax”) on the increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include 
Interest accrued on the OBG). Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum 
holding period) and limitations, Interest accrued on the OBG may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the Pension Funds if the OBG are included in a long-term individual 
savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1 (100-
114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 
December 2018, or Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, Article 
136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, Article 68(1) of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 
August 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, and Article 1 
(26, 27, 912) of Law n. 234 of 30 December 2022, as amended and reinstated from time 
to time. 
According to the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 dated 25 September 
2001, converted with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Law Decree 
No. 351”) and Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, payment of 
interest in respect of OBG made to Italian real estate funds created under Article 37 of 
the Financial Services Act and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 dated 25 January 1994 (the 
“Italian Real Estate Funds”) and Italian Real Estate SICAFs are subject to neither 
imposta sostitutiva nor any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund or the 
Real Estate SICAF. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of 
up to 26 per cent on distributions made by Italian Real Estate Funds or Italian Real 
Estate SICAFs and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of 
certain categories of Italian-resident investors in the Italian Real Estate Funds or Italian 
Real Estate SICAFs owning more than 5 per cent of the relevant units or shares. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer issues a 
new Tranche forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the 
new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original Tranche. 
This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue 
date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new 
Tranche and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. multiplied by the 
number of years of maturity of the OBG. 
Non-Italian resident OBG holders

--- Page 356 ---
356
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of OBG that qualify as 
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni will not be subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. provided that:  
(a) the payments are made to non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the OBG with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the OBG are effectively connected;  
(b) such beneficial owners are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for 
a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy (the “White List States”) as 
currently listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as 
amended from time to time; and 
(c) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva are timely met or complied with.  
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for 
payments of Interest in respect of the OBG made to (i) international entities and 
organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; 
(ii) certain foreign institutional investors, whether or not subject to tax, established in a 
White List State, even if they do not possess the status of taxpayer in their own state of 
establishment; and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the OBG without the application of imposta 
sostitutiva, non-Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) timely deposit the OBG together with the coupons relating to such OBG directly or 
indirectly with an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a non-Italian bank or investment firm, or with a non-Italian resident operator 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact via 
computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) timely file with the relevant depository a self-assessment (autocertificazione) 
stating, inter alia, that he or she is resident, for tax purposes, in a country which 
recognises the Italian fiscal authorities’ right to an adequate exchange of 
information. Such self-assessment (autocertificazione) is valid until withdrawn or 
revoked and need not be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar 
document meant for equivalent uses was previously submitted to the same 
depository. The self-assessment (autocertificazione) is not requested for non-Italian 
resident investors that are international entities and organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks or 
entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state.  
Failure of a non-resident OBG holder to timely comply with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of 
imposta sostitutiva on Interests payments to such non-resident OBG holder.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable to Interest accrued during the holding period 
when the OBG holders are resident, for fiscal purposes, in countries which do not allow

--- Page 357 ---
357
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy or who do not comply with the 
above mentioned requirement. The imposta sostitutiva may be reduced or reduced to 
zero under certain applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to 
satisfaction of the relevant conditions and timely filing of required documentation. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to OBG that are not deemed to fall within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may 
be qualified as “atypical securities” and subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 
26 per cent. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal 
value.  
Interest payments received by: (a) Italian resident companies or similar commercial 
entities or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign companies to which the OBG are 
effectively connected, (b) Italian resident commercial partnerships and (c) Italian 
resident individuals carrying out a commercial activity to which the OBG are connected, 
form part of their aggregate income subject to income tax in Italy according to ordinary 
rules. In these cases, the withholding tax applies as a provisional income tax and may be 
deducted from the taxation on income due. In certain cases, said Interest may also be 
included in the taxable net value of production for IRAP purposes. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium 
and other income relating to the OBG that are classified as atypical securities, if the OBG 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 
11 December 2016, Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, or Article 
13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 
19 May 2020, Article 68(1) of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020, Article 1 (219-
225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, and Article 1 (26, 27, 912) of Law n. 234 of 
30 December 2022, as amended and reinstated from time to time.  
In all other cases, including when the OBG holder is a non-Italian resident, the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident OBG holder, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty, subject to satisfaction 
of the relevant conditions and timely filing of the required documentation. 
Payments made by the OBG Guarantor 
The Italian tax authorities have never expressed their view on the Italian tax regime 
applicable to payments on OBG made by an Italian resident guarantor in a ruling 
available to the public. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax 
authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth 
herein or that the Italian court would not support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the OBG made to certain Italian resident OBG holders by 
an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any

--- Page 358 ---
358
payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the OBG may be subject 
to an advance withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. pursuant to Presidential Decree 
No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. Also, in the case of payments 
to non-Italian resident, a final withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in 
certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax, subject to satisfaction of the relevant 
conditions and timely filing of the required documentation.  
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident 
guarantor will be treated as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to 
the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Capital Gains 
Italian resident OBG holders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as “imposta 
sostitutiva”) is applicable to capital gains realised by Italian resident holder who is (i) an 
individual, not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the OBG are connected, (ii) 
a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, on 
any sale or transfer for consideration of the OBG or redemption thereof. In respect of the 
application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised 
upon sale or redemption of the OBG if the OBG are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1 (1008-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, Article 1 (211-215) 
of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, or Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 
October 2019, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, Article 68(1) of Law 
Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 
2020, and Article 1 (26, 27, 912) of Law n. 234 of 30 December 2022, as amended and 
reinstated from time to time.  
Under the so called “tax declaration regime”, which is the standard regime for taxation of 
capital gains realised by Italian resident holders under (i) to (iii) above, the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all 
capital gains net of any relevant incurred capital losses realised by Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities pursuant to investment transactions 
carried out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in a year net of any 
relevant incurred capital losses must be detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be 
filed with Italian tax authorities and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital 
gains by Italian resident individuals together with any balance income tax due for the 
relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal year.

--- Page 359 ---
359
Alternatively to the tax declaration regime, holders of the OBG under (i) to (iii) above 
may elect to pay the 26% imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each 
sale or transfer or redemption of the OBG (“risparmio amministrato” regime). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the OBG being deposited with 
banks, SIMs and any other Italian qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an express election for the so-called risparmio 
amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant holder of the OBG. 
The intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the OBG, as well as on 
capital gains realised as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital 
losses, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian fiscal authorities on 
behalf of the holder of the OBG, deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be 
credited to the holder of the OBG. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the OBG 
results in a capital loss, the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the 
same kind subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the OBG within the same 
relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the OBG holder is not required to declare 
capital gains in its annual tax declaration and remains anonymous. 
Special rules apply if the OBG are part of a portfolio managed in a regime of Asset 
Management Option (“risparmio gestito” regime) by an Italian asset management 
company or an authorised intermediary. In that case, the capital gains realised upon sale, 
transfer or redemption of the OBG will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains but will contribute to determine the taxable base of the Asset Management Tax 
applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In particular, under the Asset Management Option, any appreciation of the OBG, even if 
not realised, will contribute to determine the annual accrued appreciation of the managed 
portfolio, subject to the Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed 
portfolio accrued at yearend may be carried forward against appreciation accrued in each 
of the following years up to the fourth. Also, under the Asset Management Option, the 
realised capital gain is not requested to be included in the annual income tax return of the 
OBG holder and the OBG holder remains anonymous.  
The capital gains realised by an Italian Fund are not subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to 
any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Italian Fund. The Collective Investment 
Fund Tax may apply in certain circumstances on distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains accrued to OBG holders who are Italian pension funds subject to the 
regime provided by Article 17 of Decree No. 252, as subsequently amended will be 
included in the computation of the taxable basis of Pension Fund Tax.  
The capital gains realised by Italian Real Estate Funds and Italian Real Estate SICAFs to 
which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 apply are not subject to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Italian Real Estate Fund or the Italian 
Real Estate SICAF. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of 
26 per cent on distributions made by Italian Real Estate Funds or Italian Real Estate

--- Page 360 ---
360
SICAFs and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain 
categories of investors in the Italian Real Estate Fund or Italian Real Estate SICAFs 
owning more than 5 per cent of the relevant units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals carrying out a commercial 
activity to which the OBG are connected or Italian resident companies or similar 
commercial entities or permanent establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident 
companies to which the OBG are connected, will be included in their taxable corporate 
income for IRES purposes (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net 
value of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant 
ordinary tax rules. 
Non-Italian resident OBG holders 
The 26 per cent. final “imposta sostitutiva” may in certain circumstances be payable on 
capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the OBG by non-
Italian resident persons or entities without a permanent establishment in the Republic of 
Italy to which the OBG are effectively connected, if the OBG are held in the Republic of 
Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by non-
Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the OBG are 
effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the OBG are 
exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the OBG are listed on a regulated market 
in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation 
(in the form of a self-assessment (autocertificazione) of non-residence in Italy) with the 
Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) with which the OBG are deposited, even if the OBG are held in Italy and 
regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty.  
Where the OBG are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad:  
(a) pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non-Italian resident beneficial owners 
of the OBG with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the OBG are 
effectively connected are exempt from the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the 
OBG if they are resident, for tax purposes, in a White List State. The same 
exemption applies in case the beneficial owners of the OBG are (i) international 
entities or organisations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries 
which allow for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; or (iii) Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
and  
(b) in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the OBG are effectively connected that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon 
sale or redemption of OBG are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of

--- Page 361 ---
361
the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of OBG. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the OBG are effectively connected hold OBG with an Italian authorised 
financial intermediary and elect for the Asset Management Option or are subject to the 
risparmio amministrato regime, in order to benefit from exemption from Italian taxation 
on capital gains such non-Italian residents may be required to file in time with the 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents, which include inter alia, a 
certificate of residence from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of 
the non-Italian residents. 
The risparmio amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to 
non-resident persons and entities in relation to OBG deposited for safekeeping or 
administration at Italian banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-resident OBG 
holders retain the right to waive this regime. Such waiver may also be exercised by non-
resident intermediaries in respect of safekeeping, administration and deposit accounts 
held in their names in which third parties' financial assets are held. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 and Law No. 296 of 27 December 
2006, the transfers of any valuable assets (including the OBG) as a result of death or 
donation (or other transfers for no consideration) and the creation of liens on such assets 
for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 4 per cent. if the transfer is made to spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in 
this case, the transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per 
beneficiary);  
(b) 6 per cent. if the transfer if made to brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is 
subject to the tax on the value exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary);  
(c) 6 per cent. if the transfer is made to relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons 
related by direct affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the 
third degree; and  
(d) 8 per cent. in all other cases.  
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the 
rate mentioned above in (a), (b), (c) and (d) on the value exceeding €1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, the mortis causa transfer of financial 
instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) are exempt from inheritance taxes, to the extent that it meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, 
Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, or Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, 
Article 68(1) of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 
178 of 30 December 2020, and Article 1 (26, 27, 912) of Law n. 234 of 30 December 
2022, as amended and reinstated from time to time.

--- Page 362 ---
362
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as 
follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate 
of € 200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in case of use (“caso 
d’uso”), cross reference (“enunciazione”) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as amended from time to time (“Decree No. 642”), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent 
by a financial intermediary to a OBG holder in respect of any OBG which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per 
cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the OBG held. The 
stamp duty cannot exceed € 14.000.00 if the OBG holder is not an individual.  
The stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident OBG holders, to 
the extent that OBG are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended 
and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships including società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 
5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 holding the OBG outside the 
Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. The 
maximum amount due is set at Euro 14,000 for Noteholders other than individuals. In 
this case, the abovementioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached 
to Decree No. 642 does not apply.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the OBG at the end of the relevant year or – 
if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such 
financial assets held outside the Italian territory.  
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian 
wealth tax due). 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-business entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain 
conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax 
return the amount of investments (including the OBG) directly or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument.

--- Page 363 ---
363
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to 
OBG deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial 
intermediaries, with respect to contracts entered into through their intervention, on the 
condition that the items of income derived from the OBG have been subject to tax by the 
same intermediaries and with respect to foreign investments which are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value never exceeds a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year. 
EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation and EU DAC 6 
reporting obligations 
On 9 July 2015, the Italian Parliament adopted Law No. 114 delegating the Italian 
Government to implement in Italy certain EU Council Directives, including Council 
Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as 
amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU). Such Directive is aimed at broadening the 
scope of the operational mechanism of intra-EU automatic exchange of information in 
order to fight cross-border tax fraud and evasion.  
Following implementation of said Directive, the Italian Authorities may communicate to 
other EU Member States information about interest and other categories of financial 
income of Italian source, including income from the OBG. 
The Italian government implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 
2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by the Ministry of Finance on 28 
December 2015, as amended by the Ministerial Decree on 17 January 2017. 
In 2016 the Italian Parliament has also delegated the Italian Government to implement 
the provisions introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation. The Council Directive 
2376/2015/EU has been implemented by the Legislative Decree No. 32 of 15 March 
2017, and the Council Directive 2016/2258/EU as regards access to anti-money-
laundering information by tax authorities, through the issue of the Legislative Decree 18 
May 2018, no. 60. 
As a consequence of the OECD project on “Base erosion and Profit Shifting” (BEPS), 
the EU DAC 6 Directive (“DAC 6”) has been adopted on May 25, 2018 by the EU 
Council, amending Council Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border 
arrangements. According to DAC 6, intermediaries and, in some circumstances, 
taxpayers are required to notify the competent tax authorities of each Member States any 
cross-border arrangements that have at least one of the so-called "hallmarks" designed by 
the EU legislator as "markers" of potential risk of international tax evasion or avoidance 
or circumvention of disclosure requirements on financial accounts (CRS). 
On August 26, 2020, the Legislative Decree No. 100, July 30, 2020 (the “DAC 6 
Decree”), implementing the said Directive, with disclosure obligations for intermediaries 
and taxpayers, was published. Italian Ministry of Finance issued a Ministerial Decree on 
November 20, 2020, clarifying certain criteria set by the Italian law that trigger the 
reporting obligations.

--- Page 364 ---
364
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Estonia, 
Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to 
certain dealings in the OBG (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) 
No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in the OBG where at least one party is a financial institution, 
and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective 
holders of the OBG are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 365 ---
365
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for 
information purposes. It is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it 
is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in the OBG should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may 
be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below 
applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the 
present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar 
nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a 
reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le 
revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a 
solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt 
sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal 
business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate 
taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, 
where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the OBG Holders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident OBG Holders 
Under Luxembourg general tax law currently in force no withholding tax is levied either 
on payments of principal, premium or interest made to non-residents OBG Holders, or on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of OBG, no Luxembourg withholding tax is 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of OBG held by non-resident OBG Holders. 
Resident OBG Holders 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the “Relibi Law”), 
interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual 
residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for withholding 
such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident OBG Holders 
Non-resident corporate OBG Holders or non-resident individual OBG Holders acting in 
the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who do not have 
a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such 
OBG are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or

--- Page 366 ---
366
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the OBG or on any gains 
realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the OBG. 
Resident OBG Holders 
A resident corporate OBG Holder must include any interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the OBG, in its taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes. The same inclusion applies to an individual OBG 
Holder, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking. OBG Holders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any 
Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
An OBG Holder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 
on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents 
that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the 
aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies), is neither subject to Luxembourg income 
tax in respect of interest accrued or received, redemption premium or issue discount, nor 
on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the OBG. 
A resident individual OBG Holder, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the OBG, except if (i) a withholding tax 
has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the 
individual OBG Holder has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. (self-applied) tax 
in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a 
payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU 
Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (other than a EU Member State). A gain realised by an individual OBG 
Holder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the OBG is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
unless the disposal of the OBG precedes the acquisition of the OBG or this sale or 
disposal took place less than six months after the OBG was acquired. However, any 
portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, except if a withholding tax has been levied on such interest in 
accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate OBG Holder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if 
not, it maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which such OBGs are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth 
tax on these OBG, except if the OBG Holder is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 
on family estate management companies, as amended, (ii) the law of 17 December 2010 
on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 
on specialised investment funds, as amended, (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on

--- Page 367 ---
367
securitisation, as amended, (v) the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as 
amended, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds. 
An individual OBG Holder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not 
subject to Luxembourg wealth tax. 
Further to the law dated 18 December 2015, Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth 
tax for corporate taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of the corporate 
taxpayer is nil or negative. This minimum net wealth tax amounts to a EUR 4,815 flat 
rate for corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least EUR 350,000 and at 
least 90% of the corporate taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the 
meaning of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of the Luxembourg Plan Comptable Normalisé.  
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging 
from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to 
net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net wealth tax.  
Additionally, please note that securitization companies governed by the law of 22 March 
2004 on securitization, as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 
2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds 
governed by the law of 23 July 2016 (provided it is foreseen in the incorporation 
documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) 
article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies) and which fall under the 
special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may be subject to minimum net wealth 
tax. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of OBG will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp 
duty, value added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, 
unless the documents relating to the OBG are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or 
appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a OBG Holder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his 
death, the OBG are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment 
purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of OBG if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or 
recorded in Luxembourg.

--- Page 368 ---
368
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
OBG may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealer(s). 
The arrangements under which any Series or Tranche of OBG may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealer(s) are set out in a dealer 
agreement dated 19 January 2012, as amended from time to time, (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and entered into between the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor and the Initial 
Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also contains a pro forma subscription agreement to be 
entered into in relation to OBG issued on a syndicated basis. On or prior to the relevant 
Issue Date, the Issuer, the Dealer(s) who are parties to such subscription agreement (the 
“Relevant Dealers”) and the Representative of the OBG Holders will enter into a 
subscription agreement (each a “Subscription Agreement”), under which the Relevant 
Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant Series or Tranche of OBG, subject to the 
conditions set out therein. The relevant Subscription Agreement together with the Dealer 
Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of OBG, the price at which such Series or Tranche of OBG will be 
purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
The Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions, with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment 
of existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other Dealer(s) either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of OBG. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2. 
The OBG have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement and 
Subscription Agreement (if applicable), it will not offer or sell the OBG (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the Issue Date, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells OBG during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the OBG within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The OBG are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 369 ---
369
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of OBG comprising 
any Tranche, an offer or sale of OBG within the United States by any Dealer that is not 
participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any OBG specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of OBG which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such OBG 
to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons 
(other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of the OBG referred to above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of OBG to the public” in 
relation to any OBG in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the OBG to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the OBG and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom public offer selling restriction for prospectuses  
If the Final Terms in respect of any OBG specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of OBG which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that the OBG may be offered to the 
public in the United Kingdom at any time:  
(a) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 370 ---
370
(b) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or  
(c) 
in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA.  
provided that no such offer of OBG referred to above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of OBG to the public” in 
relation to any OBG in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any OBG to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the OBG and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in 
respect of the OBG specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
OBG which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the OBG to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the OBG.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of the OBG specifies the “Prohibition of sales 
to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any OBG which are the subject of the offering contemplated

--- Page 371 ---
371
by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
OBG to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the OBG. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any OBG having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business; and 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any OBG other than to 
persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses, 
where the issue of the OBG would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement 
to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA)

--- Page 372 ---
372
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the OBG in circumstances in 
which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the OBG 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
provisions of the FSMAwith respect to anything done by it in relation to the OBG 
in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the OBG has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no OBG may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the OBG be distributed in the Republic 
of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or 
deliver any OBG or distribute copies of this Prospectus and/or any other document 
relating to the OBG in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to “qualified investors” as referred to in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; 
or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public 
offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of and 
any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of the CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended and the applicable Italian 
laws. 
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the OBG or distribution of copies of this 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the OBG in the Republic of Italy under 
paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services 
Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from 
time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Italian Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended, or any 
applicable implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time 
to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any 
limitation or requirement which may be imposed from time to time by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority.

--- Page 373 ---
373
The Issuer and each Dealer acknowledges and accepts that in no event may the OBG be 
sold or transferred (at any time after the Issue Date) to persons other than “qualified 
investors”, as referred to under the Prospectus Regulation.  
Japan 
The OBG have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any OBG in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws 
and regulations of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers OBG or possesses, distributes or publishes this 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver OBG 
or possess, distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) shall be deemed to be modified to the extent (if at all) that 
such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after 
the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. 
Any such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 374 ---
374
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made for the OBG issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the official list and be traded on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
OBG may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an 
unlisted basis. 
The OBG will not have a denomination of less than €100,000. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 16 December 2011. The publication of this Prospectus was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 3 November 2021. 
The granting of the OBG Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the quotaholders’ 
meeting of the OBG Guarantor on 11 January 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the OBG. 
Clearing of the OBG 
The OBG will be issued in bearer and in dematerialised form and held on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and 
Clearstream). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant OBG for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the OBG of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating 
thereto. 
The Representative of the OBG Holders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the OBG 
Holders, there shall be at all times a Representative of the OBG Holders appointed to act 
in the interest and behalf of the OBG Holders. The initial Representative of OBG 
Holders shall be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Securitisation 
Services S.p.A.). Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Securitisation 
Services S.p.A.) shall be appointed by the Dealers in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement and the relevant Subscription Agreements. 
No material litigation

--- Page 375 ---
375
Save as described in the section headed “Description of the Issuer – Legal and 
Arbitration Proceedings” from page 168 to page 181 of this Prospectus and in the 
December 2022 Financial Statements from page 495 to page 501 none of the Issuer or 
the OBG Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the OBG Guarantor is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this document which, according to the information 
available at present, may have or have had in such period a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer, the OBG Guarantor or the Group. 
Significant or material adverse change 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Except for the potential impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict and related spill-over 
effect and COVID-19 crisis detailed in the section headed “Risk Factors”, paragraph 
“Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and recent geopolitical tensions with Russia”, there 
has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its 
last published audited financial statements as at 31 December 2022. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the OBG Guarantor since 
the date of its last published audited financial statements as at 31 December 2022. 
Significant change in the financial performance of the Group 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 
March 2023 to the date of this Prospectus. 
Significant change in the Group's financial position 
Except for the potential impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict and related spill-over 
effect and COVID-19 crisis detailed in the section headed “Risk Factors”, paragraph 
“Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and recent geopolitical tensions with Russia”, there 
has been no significant changes in the financial position of the Group which has occurred 
since 31 March 2023.  
Websites 
The website of the Issuer and of the OBG Guarantor is https://www.unicreditgroup.eu. 
The information on https://www.unicreditgroup.eu does not form part of this Prospectus, 
except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Issuer’s and 
OBG Guarantor’s website has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Prospectus does not 
form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent

--- Page 376 ---
376
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as OBG are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client 
services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst 
keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch may be provided upon request. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any OBG shall be outstanding and 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English 
translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours 
at the registered office of the Issuer and the Representative of the OBG Holders, namely: 
(i) 
the Transaction Documents (including the OBG Guarantee); 
(ii) 
Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of 
the date hereof, also available at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu; 
(iii) OBG Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws 
(Statuto) 
as 
of 
the 
date 
hereof, 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/covered-
bonds.html; 
(iv) 
Issuer’s consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2023; 
(v) 
2022 Annual Reports and Accounts including the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the UniCredit Group (including the auditors’ report thereon and 
notes thereto) and the audited financial statements of the Issuer (including the 
auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2022; 
(vi) 
2021 Annual Reports and Accounts including the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the UniCredit Group (including the auditors’ report thereon and 
notes thereto) and the audited financial statements of the Issuer (including the 
auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2021; 
(vii) audited financial statements of the OBG Guarantor (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022; 
(viii) audited financial statements of the OBG Guarantor (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021; 
(ix) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further 
Prospectus, also available at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/funding-
and-ratings/covered-bonds.html;

--- Page 377 ---
377
(x) 
any reports, letters, other documents, valuations and statements of experts included 
or referred to in the Prospectus (other than consent letters), also available at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/covered-
bonds.html; 
(xi) 
any Final Terms relating to OBG which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the 
case of any OBG which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant 
Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant OBG Holders, 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/covered-bonds.html;  
(xii) any document incorporated by reference. 
The documents mentioned under (i) to (xii) (with the exception of (x)) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to OBG Holders at the Specified 
Office of the Representative of the OBG Holders and at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu. 
The Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, together with any opinion on each such 
framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green 
OBG, Social OBG and Sustainability OBG, from time to time published by the Issuer, 
will be available in the “Investors” section on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party opinion or public reporting are 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
In any case, copy of this Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto (if any), any 
document incorporated by reference and any Final Term) will remain publicy available in 
electronic form on the Issuer’s website for at least 10 years after its publication. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any OBG listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations 
of the most recent publicly available (i) financial statements and consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer and (ii) financial statements of the OBG Guarantor may be 
obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion 
of their report on the accounts of the Issuer in this Prospectus in the form and context in 
which it is included. 
Publication on the Internet 
Without prejudice for what is stated under paragraph “Documents available for 
inspections” above, this Prospectus, any supplement thereto and, in respect of listed

--- Page 378 ---
378
OBG only, the Final Terms will also be available on the internet site of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, at www.luxse.com. 
Auditors 
At the shareholders' meeting of UniCredit held on 9 April 2020, KPMG S.p.A., with 
registered office at Via Vittor Pisani 25, Milan, enrolled with the Companies’ Register of 
Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi under number 00709600159 and registered with the Register 
of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by Minister of Economy 
and Finance with registration no. 70623 (“KPMG”), has been appointed to act as 
UniCredit's external auditors for the 2022-2030 nine-year period. Consequently, KPMG 
are the current auditors of the Issuer and the OBG Guarantor. KPMG is also a member of 
Assirevi – Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian association of auditing 
firms. 
KPMG has audited and issued unqualified audit opinions – incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus – on the consolidated and the company financial statements of the Issuer 
and on the financial statements of the OBG Guarantor for the year ended on 31 
December 2022. 
It should be noted that the appointment of KPMG follows to the expiration of the 
external auditors’ engagement of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., a company incorporated 
under the laws of Italy, enrolled with the Companies' Register of Milan-Monza-Brianza-
Lodi under number 03049560166 and registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by Minister of Economy and Finance effective 
from 7 June 2004 with registration number no: 132587, having its registered office at via 
Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, (“Deloitte”) which were the auditors of the Issuer and 
the OBG Guarantor for the 2013-2021 non-renewable nine-year period. Deloitte is also a 
member of Assirevi – Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian association of 
auditing firms.  
Deloitte has audited and issued unqualified audit opinions – incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus – on the consolidated and the company financial statements of the Issuer 
and on the financial statements of the OBG Guarantor for the year ended on 31 
December 2021.  
No auditors have resigned, have been removed or have not been re-appointed with 
respect to the 2021 and 2022 financial years. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 549300TRUWO2CD2G5692.

--- Page 379 ---
379
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
 
$ ................................................................ 7 
“Banking Reform Package” ................. 84 
“CRA Regulations” .................................. 1 
“CRD IV Directive” .............................. 84 
“CRD IV Package” ............................... 84 
“CRR” .................................................... 84 
“EUWA” ................................................... 2 
“Fitch” ...................................................... 4 
“FSMA”.................................................... 2 
“GBP” .................................................. 108 
“ICMA” ............................................... 108 
“Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework” ........................................ 231 
“MREL” ................................................ 84 
“S&P” ....................................................... 4 
“SBG” .................................................. 108 
“SBP”................................................... 108 
“Second-party Opinion” ................... 109 
“SREP” .................................................. 86 
“SSM” .................................................... 85 
“TLAC” ................................................. 84 
“UK CRA Regulation” .... 1, 346, 347, 348, 
349, 350, 351 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules” . 2 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” .......................... 2 
“UK” ......................................................... 1 
“Zaba”.................................................. 167 
€ ................................................................ 7 
2015 Credit Agreement ........................ 103 
2019 Italian Credit Agreement ............. 104 
2022 OBG 2 Programme Prospectus ... 121 
24 hours ............................................... 317 
30/360 .................................................. 278 
30E/360 ................................................ 278 
30E/360 (ISDA) ................................... 279 
48 hours ............................................... 317 
ABS ....................................................... 72 
Account Bank ................................ 13, 273 
Accounts .............................................. 214 
Accrual Yield ....................................... 273 
Actual/360 ........................................... 278 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ............................... 278 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ......................... 277 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) .......................... 277 
Additional Business Centre(s) ............. 273 
Additional Calculation Agent ........ 14, 273 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ............ 273 
Additional Guarantee ........................... 235 
Additional Seller .................................... 16 
Adjusted Net Present Value of the Eligible 
Portfolio ............................................... 204 
Adjustment Spread............................... 273 
Administrative Service Provider .......... 274 
Administrative Services Agreement ..... 12, 
245, 274 
Administrative Services Provider .......... 12 
Admitted States ...................... 28, 178, 256 
AI ......................................................... 148

--- Page 380 ---
380
Aiuti ..................................................... 141 
Aiuti Bis ............................................... 141 
Aiuti Quater ........................................ 142 
Aiuti Ter............................................... 142 
Alternative Reference Rate................... 274 
Amortisation Amount ........................... 210 
Amortisation Report .......................... 247 
Amortisation Test ................................. 274 
APIs ..................................................... 147 
Asset Cover Report ............................. 247 
Asset Management Option ................... 357 
Asset Management Tax ........................ 358 
Asset Monitor ................. 12, 199, 262, 274 
Asset Monitor Agreement....... 61, 249, 274 
Asset Monitor Report ........................... 274 
Asset Percentage ................................... 209 
Assets ..................................... 28, 176, 255 
Available Funds .............................. 43, 228 
BA ........................................................ 129 
Back-Up Servicer ................................. 245 
Bank Austria ......................................... 129 
Banking Law ............................ 9, 255, 274 
Banking Reform Package ..................... 133 
Bankruptcy Law ................................... 257 
Basel III ................................................ 133 
BAWFM ............................................... 163 
BCBS...................................................... 85 
Benchmark Event ................................. 275 
BGH ..................................................... 165 
billions ...................................................... 7 
BLMIS .................................................. 162 
Block Voting Instruction ...................... 315 
Blocked OBG ...................................... 315 
BMR ........................................................ 2 
Board ................................................... 154 
Board of Directors ............................... 154 
Board of Statutory Auditors ................. 158 
BoI OBG Regulations ........................ 254 
BoI OBG Regulations .............................. 1 
BRRD .................................................. 131 
BRRD II .............................................. 131 
Budget Law 2023 ................................. 143 
Business Day ....................................... 275 
Business Day Convention .................... 275 
Calculation Agent .......................... 13, 276 
Calculation Amount ............................. 276 
Calculation Date .................................... 33 
Calculation Period ............................. 277 
Capital Solutions .................................... 14 
Capitalia ............................................... 129 
Capitalia Group .................................... 129 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement
 ......................................... 13, 61, 246, 276 
Cash Manager ................................ 13, 277 
CBR ....................................................... 84 
Chairman ............................................. 315 
CICR .................................................... 101 
Circular 285 ......................................... 135 
Clawed Back Amounts ................ 241, 281 
Clearstream .......................................... 277 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ....................... 1 
CMDI .................................................. 132 
COBS................................................... 337

--- Page 381 ---
381
Code ..................................................... 306 
Collection Accounts ............................. 216 
Collection Date............................... 41, 226 
Collection Period ............................ 40, 226 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ........... 359 
Commingling Amount .......................... 210 
Commission’s Proposal ........................ 368 
Companies ............................................ 162 
Condition .............................................. 271 
Conditions ...................... 20, 271, 337, 338 
CONSOB ............................ 1, 17, 277, 376 
Convention ........................................... 105 
Conversion Amendments ................... 167 
Convertible DTAs ................................. 73 
CoR ........................................................ 65 
Covered Bond Directive ..................... 253 
Covered Bond Regulation .................. 253 
COVID-19 ............................................. 64 
CRD IV Directive ................................. 133 
CRD IV Package .................................. 133 
CRD V Directive .................................. 134 
Credito in Sofferenza ............................ 204 
Crisis and Insolvency Code .................. 263 
Criteria ............................................ 50, 179 
CRR ................................ 28, 133, 176, 253 
CRR II .................................................. 134 
CRRII ................................................... 136 
CSSF ......................................................... 1 
CT ........................................................ 149 
Cura Italia Decree ................................. 139 
Cure Notice ........................................... 239 
D1 ................................................ 278, 279 
D2 ................................................ 278, 279 
DAC ...................................................... 118 
DAC 6 .................................................. 367 
DAC 6 Decree ..................................... 368 
Date of Carve Out ................................ 235 
Day Count Fraction.............................. 277 
Dealer ....................................................... 1 
Dealer Agreement .......... 62, 251, 272, 372 
Dealers ............................................. 1, 272 
Debtor .................................................. 235 
December 2021 Financial Statements.. 121 
December 2022 Financial Statements.. 121 
Decree 190 ............................................... 1 
Decree 190/2021 ................................. 253 
Decree 380 ........................................... 103 
Decree 394 ........................................... 100 
Decree 53/2015 .................................... 254 
Decree No. 239 ............................ 305, 356 
Decree No. 252 .................................... 358 
Decree No. 461 .................................... 357 
Decree No. 642 .................................... 366 
Decree No. 917 .................................... 356 
Decreto Milleproroghe......................... 104 
Defaulted Public Security .................. 204 
Defaulted Receivables ......................... 204 
Defendants ........................................... 168 
Definitive Purchase Price of the New 
Portflio ................................................. 218 
Deloitte ........................................ 197, 382 
Destinazione Italia Decree ..................... 99 
DGS ....................................................... 89

--- Page 382 ---
382
DGSD ................................................... 132 
distributor ................................. 2, 336, 337 
DLT Regulation ................................... 148 
doNext .................................................... 12 
DORA .................................................. 148 
DTAs ................................................ 67, 73 
Due for Payment Date .......................... 240 
Earliest Maturing OBG ........................ 205 
Early Redemption Amount ................... 279 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ......... 279 
Early Redemption Date ........................ 280 
EBA ........................................................ 86 
EC ........................................................ 147 
ECB ........................................................ 87 
ECB Addendum .................................... 136 
ECB Decision No. 2128 ....................... 139 
EEA .................................................. 1, 336 
Eligible Institutions ................ 52, 178, 220 
Eligible Investments ............................... 50 
Eligible Investments Account ............... 219 
Eligible Portfolio .................................. 205 
Eligible Projects/Green Projects ....... 231 
Eligible Projects/Social Projects ........ 231 
Eligible States ................................. 53, 179 
ELTIFs ................................................. 149 
EMMI ....................................................... 2 
ESAP ............................................ 146, 149 
ESCB .................................................... 175 
ESMA ............................................... 1, 147 
ESRB...................................................... 87 
EU CRA Regulation 1, 346, 347, 348, 349, 
350 
EU GBS ............................................... 146 
EU Savings Directive ........................... 118 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Delegated Acts ................................... 108 
EU Taxonomy Regulation ............... 108 
EUGBS ............................................... 108 
euro .......................................................... 7 
Euro ......................................................... 7 
Eurobond Basis .................................... 278 
Euroclear .......................................... 1, 280 
Eurodollar Convention......................... 276 
Evaluation Date ............................. 41, 226 
Event of Default ................................... 316 
Excess Proceeds ............................ 43, 228 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts 241, 
289 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts
 ............................................................. 242 
Exclueded Scheduled Principal Amounts
 ............................................................. 289 
Execution Date .............................. 49, 179 
Expected Income ................................. 205 
Expected Maintenance and Administration 
Costs .................................................... 205 
Expected Payments .............................. 205 
Expenses ................................ 33, 220, 221 
Expenses Account ................................ 219 
Extended Maturity Date ................. 22, 280 
Extension Determination Date ............. 280 
Extraordinary Resolution ............. 280, 316 
FATCA ................................................ 306 
Final Adhesion Term ............................ 105 
Final Redemption Amount ............. 23, 280

--- Page 383 ---
383
Final Terms ................................. 1, 20, 271 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan................................................. 377 
Financial Services Act .............. 1, 154, 376 
Fino 1 .................................................... 164 
First Series ............................................ 280 
First Tranche of the Buy-Back 
Programme 2022 ................................. 130 
FITD ...................................................... 89 
Fixed Coupon Amount ......................... 280 
Floating Rate Convention ..................... 276 
Following Business Day Convention ... 275 
foreign passthru payments .................... 119 
FRN Convention ................................... 276 
FTT ....................................................... 368 
FV ........................................................... 66 
GAR ..................................................... 147 
General Criteria .............................. 48, 177 
Green OBG.......................................... 231 
Group ........................................................ 9 
G-SIIs ................................................... 133 
Guaranteed Amounts .................... 241, 280 
Guarantees ............................................ 235 
Guarantor 2021 Financial Statements .. 122 
Guarantor 2022 Financial Statements .. 121 
Guarantor Acceleration Notice ....... 32, 281 
Guarantor Event of Default .... 32, 281, 309 
Guarantor of a Receivable or Public 
Security ................................................. 235 
Guarantor Payment Date ................ 33, 281 
Holder ................................................... 316 
HVB ..................................................... 129 
IA Determination Cut-off Date ............ 297 
IFRS9 .................................................... 70 
IGAs...................................................... 119 
Indemnified Person .............................. 236 
Independent Adviser ............................ 281 
Initial Issue Date .......................... 221, 281 
Initial Portfolio ...................................... 10 
Insolvency Event ................................. 281 
Insurance Distribution Directive ..... 2, 336, 
374 
Integration Assets........................... 52, 178 
Integration Assignment .................. 47, 232 
Intercreditor Agreement ......... 59, 245, 282 
Interest ................................................. 356 
Interest Amount ................................... 282 
Interest Available Funds ................ 39, 225 
Interest Collection Account ................. 215 
Interest Commencement Date ........ 18, 283 
Interest Determination Date ................. 283 
Intermediaries ...................................... 357 
Intermediary ......................................... 357 
Investor’s Currency .............................. 116 
Investors Report ........................... 247, 283 
Investors Report Date .......................... 283 
IRES .................................................... 358 
ISDA Definitions ................................. 283 
Issuance Collateralisation Assignment . 46, 
232 
Issue Date ...................................... 18, 283 
Issue Price ...................................... 17, 283 
Issuer ............................................ 1, 9, 271 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date ...... 298

--- Page 384 ---
384
Issuer Event of Default ........... 29, 283, 307 
Italian Banking Act ....................... 130, 376 
Italian Fund........................................... 359 
Italian Real Estate Funds ................... 359 
Italian Real Estate SICAFs ................... 358 
Italy ........................................................... 7 
ITS ....................................................... 147 
KPI ......................................................... 80 
KPMG .......................................... 197, 382 
Law 126 ................................................ 105 
Law 130 ............................................ 1, 253 
Law 214/2011 ......................................... 73 
Law Decree 93 ...................................... 105 
Law Decree No.351 .............................. 359 
Law No. 342 ......................................... 101 
LCR ....................................................... 75 
Liabilities .............................................. 316 
Limit to the Integration ......................... 206 
Limit to the Integration ........................... 52 
Liquid Assets .......... 55, 178, 212, 220, 259 
Liquid Assets Securities Reserve Account
 .............................................................. 220 
Liquidation Date ................................... 221 
Liquidity Buffer Test ............ 203, 212, 283 
Liquidity Buffer Test Calculation Date .. 55, 
212 
Liquidity Buffer Test Report ............. 247 
Liquidity Decree ................................... 140 
LLPs ................................................. 65, 72 
Loan Agreement ................................... 210 
Loan to Value Ratio .............................. 206 
LRE ........................................................ 84 
Luxembourg Listing Agent .................... 15 
M1 ................................................ 278, 279 
M2 ................................................ 278, 279 
Mandatory Test Cure Period ................ 202 
Mandatory Tests ..................... 53, 204, 283 
March 2022 Financial Statements ....... 121 
Margin.................................................. 283 
Master Definition Agreement .............. 252 
Master Definitions Agreement ............. 272 
Master Transfer Agreement ... 10, 232, 283 
Maturity Date ............................. 1, 22, 283 
Maximum Redemption Amount .......... 283 
MCR .................................................... 135 
Meeting ................................................ 316 
MEF Decree ................................ 238, 254 
MiCA ................................................... 148 
MiFID II .................................. 2, 336, 374 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .......... 2 
MiFIR ................................................. 149 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities ......................... 84 
Modified Busines Day Convention ..... 276 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention ........................................... 276 
Monte Titoli ..................................... 1, 283 
Monte Titoli Account Holder ............... 316 
Monte Titoli Account Holders ......... 1, 284 
Moody’s ..................................... 1, 16, 287 
Mortgage Credit Directive ................... 102 
Mortgage Legislative Decree ............... 102 
Mortgage Receivables ........... 28, 176, 255 
Mortgages ............................................ 235

--- Page 385 ---
385
Negative Carry Corrector ....... 43, 206, 228 
Negative Report ............................ 206, 284 
Net Liquidity Outflow .................... 55, 212 
New Portfolio ....................................... 236 
NFRD ........................................... 145, 146 
NII .......................................................... 65 
No Adjustment ...................................... 276 
Non-Residential Mortgage Loans 50, 179 
Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables 28, 
176, 255 
Notice to Pay .................................. 30, 284 
NPE ........................................................ 71 
NRF ........................................................ 89 
NSFR...................................................... 75 
NSI ....................................................... 145 
OBG ......................................... 1, 271, 337 
OBG Guarantee .............. 59, 238, 254, 272 
OBG Guarantor .......................... 1, 10, 271 
OBG Holders .................................. 21, 284 
OBG Interest Period ....................... 18, 284 
OBG Payment Date ........................ 18, 284 
OC Adjusted Eligible Portfolio ............ 207 
OC Calculation Date ...................... 54, 206 
OC Cure Period .................................... 202 
offer ...................................................... 374 
offer of OBG to the public ......... 373, 374 
Official Gazette .................................... 284 
Official List .............................................. 1 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ... 284 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ..... 284 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ......... 284 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .......... 285 
Ordinary Resolution............................. 316 
Organisation of the OBG Holders ....... 285 
Original Reference Rate ............. 114, 285 
Originator ............................................... 97 
O-SIIs ................................................... 133 
Outstanding Principal Balance ............ 206 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Eligible Portfolio ................................. 206 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the OBG
 ............................................................. 206 
Over Collateralisation Report .......... 247 
Over-Collateralisation Test .......... 207, 285 
participating Member States ................ 368 
Paying Agent .................................. 14, 285 
Payment Account ................................. 218 
Payment Business Day ........................ 285 
Payments Report .................................. 247 
Pension Fund Tax................................. 359 
PEPP ................................................... 139 
Person .................................................. 285 
Pillar I .................................................. 137 
Pillar II ................................................. 137 
Place of Payment ................................. 285 
Plan ....................................................... 68 
Portfolio ........................ 28, 176, 285, 316 
Portfolio Administration Agreement ..... 61, 
248, 285 
Portfolio Manager .................................. 12 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority
 ....................................................... 46, 286 
Post-Guarantor Events of Default Priority
 ............................................................. 229

--- Page 386 ---
386
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority .... 43, 
228, 286 
Preceding Business Day Convention .... 276 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority .................................... 36, 223, 286 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority .................................... 39, 225, 286 
Present Value ........................................ 206 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................ 2, 336 
Principal Amount Outstanding ............... 43 
Principal Available Funds .............. 39, 225 
Principal Collection Account ................ 216 
Principal Financial Centre .................... 286 
Priority of Payments ....... 46, 221, 230, 286 
Privacy Law .......................................... 243 
Programme ....................................... 1, 271 
Programme Limit ................................... 16 
Programme Resolution ......................... 316 
Programme Suspension Period ............... 25 
Programme Termination Date ................ 24 
Prospectus ................................. 1, 337, 338 
Prospectus Regulation ..... 1, 336, 337, 338, 
373 
Provisional Purchase Price of the New 
Portfolio .......................................... 41, 226 
Proxy .................................................... 316 
Public Authority ................................... 168 
Public Securities ..................... 28, 176, 255 
Purchase Price Accumulation Amount.. 41, 
226 
Put Option Notice ................................. 286 
Put Option Receipt ............................... 286 
Quotaholders ........................................ 196 
Quotaholders’ Agreement ...... 62, 251, 286 
Random Basis ...................................... 206 
Rate of Interest ..................................... 286 
Rating Agency ................... 1, 16, 287, 316 
Real Estates .................................. 206, 236 
Receivables in Arrears ......................... 207 
Reconciliation Date ....................... 54, 207 
Redemption Amount ............................ 287 
Reference Banks .................................. 287 
Reference Price .................................... 287 
Reference Rate ..................................... 287 
Regular Date ........................................ 287 
Regular Period ..................................... 287 
Regulation S ............................................ 5 
Relevant Clearing System .................... 287 
Relevant Clearing Systems ...................... 1 
Relevant Date ...................................... 287 
relevant Dealer ......................................... 1 
Relevant Dealer(s) ............................... 288 
Relevant Dealers .................... 63, 252, 372 
relevant Final Terms ............................ 271 
Relevant Financial Centre .................... 288 
Relevant Nominating Body ................. 288 
Relevant Screen Page .......................... 288 
Relevant Time ...................................... 288 
Relibi Law ........................................... 369 
Renewed Strategy .............................. 146 
Representative of the OBG Holders ..... 15, 
272 
Required Redemption Amount ..... 44, 207, 
228 
Reserve Account .................................. 217

--- Page 387 ---
387
Residential Mortgage Loans ........... 50, 179 
Residential Mortgage Receivables 28, 176, 
255 
Resolutions ........................................... 316 
retail investor ........................................ 374 
Revolving Assignment ................... 46, 232 
Rules ..................................................... 315 
Rules of the Organisation of the OBG 
Holders ................................................. 273 
RWA ................................................. 80, 84 
SACE .................................................... 140 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date . 241, 288 
Scheduled Interest ........................ 241, 289 
Scheduled Payment Date .............. 242, 289 
Scheduled Principal ...................... 242, 289 
Secured Creditors ................................... 60 
Securities Account ................................ 219 
Securities Act ............................................ 5 
Securitisation Regulation ................... 138 
Selected Assets ..................................... 207 
Seller ............................................... 10, 289 
Series .............................................. 20, 271 
Series Reserved Matter ......................... 320 
Servicer ........................................... 11, 289 
Servicer Termination Event .................. 244 
Servicing Agreement .............. 11, 242, 289 
Set-Off Amount .................................... 210 
SFDR.................................................... 145 
SGRs ..................................................... 357 
SH ......................................................... 145 
Shareholder ............................................. 10 
SIMs ..................................................... 357 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation ........................................... 131 
Single Supervisory Mechanism ........... 133 
SIPA Trustee ........................................ 163 
Social OBG ......................................... 231 
Sole Arranger .......................................... 11 
Specific Criteria ............................. 50, 179 
Specified Denomination(s) .................. 290 
Specified Office ................................... 290 
Specified Period ................................... 290 
SRB ..................................................... 132 
SREP .................................................... 136 
SRF ........................................................ 89 
SRM .................................................... 131 
SRM Regulation .................................. 131 
SRMR ................................................. 132 
SRMR II ............................................. 131 
SSM ............................................... 87, 133 
Stabilising Manager(s) ............................. 6 
Strategic Objectives ............................. 68 
Strategic Plan ....................................... 68 
Subordinated Loan .................... 11, 58, 237 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 11, 58, 237, 
290 
Subordinated Loan Interest Amount ..... 59, 
238 
Subordinated Loan Provider ........... 11, 290 
Subscription Agreement......... 63, 272, 372 
Subsidiary ............................................ 290 
Successor Reference Rate .................... 290 
Successor Servicer ......................... 93, 244 
Superbonus – Crediti Fiscali Decree 143

--- Page 388 ---
388
Suspension Period ................................ 308 
Sustainability OBG ............................. 231 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation ........................................... 145 
SVM ....................................................... 10 
Swap Rate ............................................. 316 
SyRB .................................................... 133 
Target Expenses Amount ........ 36, 221, 223 
TARGET Settlement Day ..................... 290 
TLCF ..................................................... 74 
TLTRO .................................................. 76 
TLTRO III Operations .......................... 139 
Total Target Reserve Amount . 36, 221, 223 
Tranche ........................................... 20, 271 
Transaction Documents ........................ 290 
Transaction Party .................................. 316 
U.S. Dollar ................................................ 7 
UCB Austria ......................................... 163 
UCBL ................................................... 169 
UK CRA Regulation ........... 346, 347, 349 
UK CRA Regulation (UK)) ................ 348 
UK MiFIR ............................................ 337 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules
 ............................................................. 337 
UK Prospectus Regulation ................ 374 
UniCredit ......................................... 9, 194 
UniCredit Bank ....................................... 11 
UniCredit Banking Group ................ 9, 194 
UniCredit Group ...................................... 9 
UniCredit Unlocked ............................. 87 
Unpaid Instalment ................................ 207 
Usury Law ............................................. 99 
Usury Rates ............................................ 99 
VCA ..................................................... 168 
Voter ..................................................... 316 
Voting Certificate ................................. 316 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ..... 58, 
236, 291 
White List States .................................. 360 
Written Resolution ............................... 317 
XVA....................................................... 66 
Y1 ................................................ 278, 279 
Y2 ................................................ 278, 279 
Zero Coupon OBG ............................... 291

--- Page 389 ---
389
 
THE ISSUER, SERVICER, SELLER AND ACCOUNT BANK 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 
20154 Milan 
Italy 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE OBG HOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. (formerly Securitisation Services S.p.A.) 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1 
31015 Conegliano (Treviso) 
Italy 
CALCULATION AGENT 
ADDITIONAL CALCULATION AGENT  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Capital and Funding Solutions S.r.l. 
Via Guglielmo Marconi, 123 
24020 Ranica (Bergamo) 
Italy 
 
PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
SOLE ARRANGER 
DEALER  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J. F. Kennedy  
L – 1855 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
Studio Legale Associato in association with Linklaters LLP 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
20121 – Milan 
Italy