--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus" or the "Prospectus") according to Art. 8(1) 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefe") issued from time to time by UniCredit 
Bank AG ("HVB" or the "Issuer" and HVB, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "HVB Group") under 
the Euro 50,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme"). 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Munich, Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
for the issuance of 
 
Pfandbriefe  
(including Jumbo-Pfandbriefe) 
 
under the Euro 50,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the "CSSF") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF 
only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
of the quality of the Pfandbriefe that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Pfandbriefe.  
 
Application has been made to list the Pfandbriefe to be issued under the Programme (i) on the official list of and 
to trade Pfandbriefe on the regulated market of Bourse de Luxembourg and (ii) to admit the Pfandbriefe to trading 
on the regulated market of the Munich Stock Exchange (which are regulated markets for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, "MiFID II") (the "Regulated Market"). 
Pfandbriefe issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg 
Law") to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany and in the Republic of Austria 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation (a "Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional 
host Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification. By approving a prospectus, the CSSF 
shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) Luxembourg Law. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
UniCredit Bank AG 
31 March 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer https://www.onemarkets.de/basisprospekte. This Prospectus 
succeeds the Base Prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 1 April 2020 and is valid for a period of 12 
months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 31 March 2022. There is no obligation to 
supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when 
the Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this Prospectus does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed together with the information provided in (a) the registration document of 
UniCredit Bank AG dated 20 May 2020 (the "Registration Document"), which is incorporated herein by reference, (b) any 
future supplements to this Base Prospectus in accordance with Section 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Supplements") 
as well as (c) in all other documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see " Information incorporated by reference" 
below).  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any 
Pfandbriefe. Potential investors should note that an investment in the Pfandbriefe is only suitable for investors, who 
understand the nature of such Pfandbriefe and the extent of their exposure to risk and have sufficient knowledge, experience 
and access to professional advisors (including their advisors concerning financial, accounting, legal and tax matters) in order 
to form their own legal, tax, accounting and financial opinion upon the existing risks of such investments in such Pfandbriefe. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Pfandbriefe should make its own independent evaluation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Pfandbriefe. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Issuer will be obliged to 
supplement this Base Prospectus pursuant to Section 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Investors should review inter alia the 
most recent non-consolidated or consolidated financial statements and interim reports, if any, of the Issuer when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Pfandbriefe. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Pfandbriefe come must inform themselves about any restriction 
by law in certain countries (see "General Information – Selling Restrictions" below). The Pfandbriefe have not been and 
will not be registered under the U. S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Pfandbriefe may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registrations requirements of the Securities Act (see "General Information – Selling 
Restrictions" below). 
None of the Dealers (also in their capacity as green or ESG (as defined below) structuring agent), any of their affiliates or 
any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of the Pfandbriefe to fulfil 
environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are 
responsible for, any assessment of any sustainability bond framework or any eligible sustainable projects (including the 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below)), any verification of whether such eligible sustainable projects meet the 
criteria set out in such sustainability bond framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Each potential investor in Pfandbriefe must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Pfandbriefe, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Pfandbriefe and the information contained or incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Pfandbriefe and the impact the Pfandbriefe 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Pfandbriefe, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Pfandbriefe and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets;  
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws 
and practices of the country where the Pfandbriefe are transferred or other jurisdictions;

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption 
of the Pfandbriefe; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
 
PRIIPS Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe includes a legend entitled "–Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Pfandbriefe are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPS Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling of the Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation.  
UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe includes a legend entitled "–Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Pfandbriefe are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe and which channels for distribution of the Pfandbriefe are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Pfandbriefe (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Pfandbriefe is a manufacturer in respect of such Pfandbriefe, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe and which channels for distribution of the Pfandbriefe are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Pfandbriefe (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Pfandbriefe is a manufacturer in respect of such Pfandbriefe, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
Amounts payable under the Pfandbriefe may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to Euribor, which is currently provided 
by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), to SONIA®, which is currently provided by the Bank of England, to SOFR®, 
which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, to €STR®, which is provided by the European

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Central Bank or other indices which are deemed benchmarks for the purposes of the benchmark regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 – the "Benchmark Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, SONIA®, 
SOFR® and €STR® are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, each of IBA and EMMI appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "Benchmark Register"). 
 
ESG Ratings 
 
The Issuer’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related management arrangements 
established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, among others, through Environmental, 
Social and Governance ratings ("ESG ratings").  
 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The 
Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future 
ability to service the Pfandbriefe and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by 
the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Pfandbriefe. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not 
subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more 
information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings 
agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
 
Stabilising 
 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF PFANDBRIEFE, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF A STABILISATION MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT PFANDBRIEFE OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE PFANDBRIEFE AT A LEVEL 
HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT 
NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
PFANDBRIEFE IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN 
THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF PFANDBRIEFE AND 
60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF PFANDBRIEFE. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGERS. 
ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM OVER-ALLOTMENT AND STABILISATION SHALL BE BORNE, AND ANY 
NET PROFIT ARISING THEREFROM SHALL BE RETAINED, AS AGAINST THE ISSUER, BY ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT. 
Investing in Pfandbriefe issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Pfandbriefe are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme ...............................................................................................7 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................8 
A. Risks related to the Issuer ...............................................................................................................8 
B. Risks related to potential conflicts of interest.................................................................................8 
C. Risks related to the Pfandbriefe ......................................................................................................9 
Responsibility Statement .....................................................................................................................19 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus..........................................................................................20 
Description of the Issuer ......................................................................................................................22 
General Information of the Pfandbriefe.............................................................................................23 
Description of the Pfandbriefe ............................................................................................................30 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and related information ................................................34 
I.  
General information .................................................................................................................35 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German language version) ....................................37 
Option I: Emissionsbedingungen für Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe ............................................ 37 
Option II: Emissionsbedingungen für variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe ................................... 49 
Option III: Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon Pfandbriefe .................................................. 77 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (English language version) ....................................86 
Option I: Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe ....................................................... 86 
Option II: Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe .................................................. 97 
Option III: Terms and Conditions of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe ............................................... 123 
IV. Form of Final Terms ..............................................................................................................131 
Warning regarding taxation ..............................................................................................................167 
Selling Restrictions .............................................................................................................................168 
General Information ..........................................................................................................................173 
Authorisation ...................................................................................................................................173 
Availability of Documents ..............................................................................................................173 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking SA, Clearstream Banking AG ...........................................173 
Agents .............................................................................................................................................173 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer .................................................174 
Third party information ...................................................................................................................174 
Use of Proceeds and reasons for the offer .......................................................................................174 
Legal Entity Identifier .....................................................................................................................174 
Information incorporated by reference ............................................................................................175

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
General 
The Programme is a continuously offered Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer in an aggregate amount 
of up to € 50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at any one time. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Pfandbriefe in U.S. dollars, euros and such other currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with relevant laws, as may be agreed between the Issuer and any 
relevant purchaser of Pfandbriefe. Pfandbriefe may be issued with a minimum denomination of 
EUR 1,000 (or the respective equivalent in other currencies). Pfandbriefe may be either interest bearing 
at fixed or variable rates or non-interest bearing, with principal repayment at a fixed amount.  
Pfandbriefe may be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the regulated market of the Munich Stock Exchange, other regulated or non-regulated markets within 
the European Economic Area or elsewhere or may be not listed at all. To the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class as the Pfandbriefe are already trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the regulated market of the Munich Stock Exchange. 
Public or Private Placing and Distribution 
The Pfandbriefe may be distributed by way of public or private placements and, in each case, through 
financial intermediaries as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary (as 
specified in the applicable Terms and Conditions).  
The (i) method of distribution of each tranche, (ii) the name and address of the entities which agree to 
underwrite on a firm commitment basis and the date of the underwriting agreement and (iv) the name 
and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
as applicable, will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Categories of potential investors 
The Pfandbriefe may be offered to qualified investors and/or retail investors and/or institutional 
investors as stated in the Final Terms. If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two 
or more countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of these, such information 
will be given in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Pfandbriefe may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
The issue price of the Pfandbriefe will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.  
The issue price for Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates to be issued will be determined at the time of 
pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which 
are received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only 
be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to 
correspond to the yield. The call redemption amounts in the case of fixed rate Pfandbriefe will be 
determined at the discretion of the Issuer at the time of the determination of the issue price of the 
Pfandbriefe. The issue price for Pfandbriefe with variable interest rates to be issued will be determined 
at the time of pricing on the basis of a discount margin which will be determined on the basis of the 
orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a 
minimum discount margin and may only be confirmed at or above such discount margin. The resulting 
discount margin will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the discount margin. 
The yield for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of Pfandbriefe taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The yield is calculated at the issue date of the Pfandbriefe on the basis of the issue price of the 
Pfandbriefe. It is not an indication of future yield.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to UniCredit Bank AG as issuer ("HVB" 
or the "Issuer") and/or may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Pfandbriefe issued under 
this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") (the "Pfandbriefe") and that are material to the 
Pfandbriefe in order to assess the market risk associated with these Pfandbriefe.  
Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before deciding whether to purchase the 
Pfandbriefe. 
The following contains descriptions of the risk factors, whereby the most material risk factor is presented 
first within each category. 
Potential investors should consider all information provided in (a) this Base Prospectus and in any 
supplements thereto, (b) the registration document of UniCredit Bank AG dated 20 May 2020 
(the "Registration Document"), which is incorporated herein by reference, and (c) all documents which 
are incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference.  
"Pfandbriefholder" means the holder of a Pfandbrief. 
 
A. Risks related to the Issuer  
Potential investors should consider the information provided in the section entitled "Risk Factors" 
provided in the Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as 
set out on page 175 of this Base Prospectus. That section contains information on risks, which may 
affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Pfandbriefe issued. 
 
B. Risks related to potential conflicts of interest 
The below stated functions of the Issuer, the financial institutions and financial intermediaries with 
whom the Issuer has entered into subscription or similar agreements (the "Dealers") (see under 
"Potential conflicts related to other functions of the Issuer or the Dealers - calculation agent or paying 
agent") or any of their affiliates as well as the below mentioned transactions may have a negative impact 
on the market value of and/or the amounts payable under the Pfandbriefe, which may be adverse to the 
interests of the Pfandbriefholders. 
Potential conflicts related to the Issue Price 
The Pfandbriefe will be sold at a price determined by the Issuer (the "Issue Price"). The Issue Price is 
based on internal pricing models of the Issuer and may be higher than the market value of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Issue Price may contain, beside upfront, management or other fees, an additional 
premium that may not be obvious to the Pfandbriefholders. Such an additional premium depends on 
several factors, particularly on the volume of the Pfandbriefe of each series, current and expected market 
conditions as of the time of the issuance of the Pfandbriefe. The premium will be added to the original 
mathematical value of the Pfandbriefe and may differ between each issue of the Pfandbriefe as well as 
from the premiums charged by other market participants. 
Potential conflicts related to market maker activities 
The Issuer and any of its affiliates may, but are not obliged to, act as a market maker for the Pfandbriefe. 
"Market Making" means the Issuer and any of its affiliates continuously quote bid and ask prices at 
which the Issuer or any of its affiliates are prepared to trade the Pfandbriefe in a certain volume. Market 
Making, carried out especially by the Issuer and any of its affiliates, may substantially influence the 
liquidity and/or the value of the Pfandbriefe. The prices quoted by a market maker usually do not 
correspond to the prices which would have been formed without Market Making and in a liquid market. 
Potential conflicts related to other functions of the Issuer or the Dealers - calculation agent or paying 
agent  
The Issuer, any Dealer or any of their affiliates may act as calculation agent or paying agent. In this 
function the Issuer, any Dealer or any of their affiliates may, inter alia, calculate amounts payable under

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
the Pfandbriefe, make adjustments or other determinations, as described in the Final Terms, by i.e. 
exercising reasonable discretion (§ 315 German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, "BGB"). The 
aforementioned calculations, adjustments and determinations may influence the value of, and/or the 
amounts payable under the Pfandbriefe and therefore could cause conflicts of interest between the Issuer, 
any Dealer and any of their affiliates on the one hand and the Pfandbriefholders on the other hand since, 
even if acting within its reasonable discretion, such calculations, adjustments and determinations could 
be disadvantageous for a Pfandbriefholder. 
Potential conflicts related to other functions of the Issuer – member of a syndicate of banks etc. 
The Issuer and any of its affiliates may also act as a member of a syndicate of banks or as financial 
advisor. The aforementioned functions may influence the amounts payable and therefore could lead to 
conflicts of interest between the Issuer and any of its affiliates with the Pfandbriefholders. 
 
C. Risks related to the Pfandbriefe  
The Pfandbriefe issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and are not 
suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. An investment in the Pfandbriefe is only suitable for 
investors experiences in financial matters who are in a position to fully assess the risks relating to such 
investment and who have sufficient financial means to absorb potential loss stemming therefrom.  
The risk factors regarding the Pfandbriefe are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category:  
- 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
- 
Risks related to the nature of the Pfandbriefe 
- 
Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Pfandbriefe to trading on a 
regulated market 
- 
Other risks related to the Pfandbriefe 
 
1. 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe (including Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe) 
A Pfandbriefholder with a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Pfandbrief") is exposed to the risk that 
the price of such Pfandbrief falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal 
interest rate of a Fixed Rate Pfandbrief as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life 
of such Pfandbrief, the current interest rate on capital markets ("market interest rate") typically changes 
on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Pfandbrief also changes, 
but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Pfandbrief 
typically falls, until the yield of such Pfandbrief is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the 
market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Pfandbrief typically increases, until the yield of such 
Pfandbrief is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the Pfandbriefholder of a Fixed Rate 
Pfandbrief holds such Pfandbrief until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance 
to such Pfandbriefholder as the Pfandbrief will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually 
the principal amount of such Pfandbrief. The same risks apply to fixed rate Pfandbriefe where the fixed 
rate of interest increases over the term of the Pfandbriefe ("Step-up Pfandbriefe") or where the fixed rate 
of interest decreases over the term of the Pfandbriefe ("Step-down Pfandbriefe" and, together with 
Step-up Pfandbriefe, the "Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe") if the market interest rates in respect of 
comparable Pfandbriefe are higher than the rates applicable to such Pfandbriefe.  
Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
Pfandbriefe issued with a fixed interest rate and a floating interest rate (the "Fixed to Floating Rate 
Pfandbriefe") comprise both, risks relating to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe (see above – Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe (including Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe) and risks relating to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
(see below – Floating Rate Pfandbriefe). In addition, the Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Pfandbriefe since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe may be less 
favorable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Pfandbriefe tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Pfandbriefe.  
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
Risks associated with the reform of Euribor and other interest rate benchmarks  
A Pfandbriefholder of a Pfandbrief with a floating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate Pfandbriefe") is 
exposed to the risk of fluctuating CMS rates (in case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe linked to a constant 
maturity swap rate ("CMS")) or fluctuating reference rate levels (in case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("Euribor") or other reference rates) 
and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating CMS rate levels or reference rate levels make it impossible 
to determine the yield of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe in advance. 
The Euribor and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" 
and together the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect 
on any Pfandbriefe linked to such a Benchmark.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). In 
addition, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations which may impact 
Benchmarks. The Benchmark Regulation applies to 'contributors', 'administrators' and 'users' of 
Benchmarks in the EU, and (i) requires, among other things, Benchmark administrators to be authorised 
(or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain 'equivalence' conditions in its local jurisdiction, to be 
'recognised' by the authorities of a Member State pending an equivalence decision or to be 'endorsed' 
for such purpose by an EU competent authority) and to comply with requirements in relation to the 
administration of Benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called 'critical Benchmark' indices 
such as Euribor, will apply to many other interest rate indices. Given that the Benchmark Regulation 
does not apply to central banks and that the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA®"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR®") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR®") are administered by the 
Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank ("ECB"), 
respectively, SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in 
the future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Pfandbriefe linked to a Benchmark rate, 
including any of the following circumstances: 
 
a rate which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation, its authorisation is withdrawn or suspended, or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction 
which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy the 'equivalence' 
conditions, is not 'recognised' pending such a decision and is not 'endorsed' for such purpose. In 
such event, depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Pfandbriefe, 
the Pfandbriefe could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; 
and 
 
 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark' could be changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
lead to adjustments to the terms of the Pfandbriefe, including Issuer determination of the rate or 
level in its discretion.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. Although it is uncertain 
whether or to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the 
administration or method of determining a Benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, 
including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be, and/or could have an 
effect on the value of any Pfandbriefe whose interest or principal return is linked to the relevant 
Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Pfandbriefe. 
Benchmarks could also be discontinued entirely. If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Pfandbriefe which are linked to such Benchmark will 
be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Pfandbriefe, which 
in the end could result in the same rate being applied until maturity of the floating rate Pfandbriefe, 
effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest (or resulting in a redemption 
right of the Issuer). Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amounts payable on floating rate Pfandbriefe whose rate of interest is linked to a discontinued 
Benchmark.  
 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe may be linked to SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR®. SONIA® is 
based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling 
overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation to the SONIA® as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to the Sterling London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The market or a significant part 
thereof may adopt an application of SONIA® that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Pfandbriefe which reference a SONIA® rate to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Pfandbriefe. Further, if the Pfandbriefe 
become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Pfandbriefe 
became due and payable. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to any such Pfandbriefe. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the 
SOFR® as the rate that represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other 
financial contracts. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR® is subject to 
important limitations and disclaimers. SOFR® is published based on data received from other sources. 
There can be no guarantee that the SOFR® will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the respective Pfandbriefe. If the manner in 
which the SOFR® is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on the Pfandbriefe and the trading prices of the Pfandbriefe. SOFR® has been published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes 
or trends in the SOFR® as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR®. Also, since the SOFR® is a 
relatively new market index, the Pfandbriefe will likely have no established trading market when issued. 
Trading prices of the Pfandbriefe may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a 
result. Similarly, if the SOFR® does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Pfandbriefe, the 
trading price of the Pfandbriefe may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in the Pfandbriefe may not be able to sell the Pfandbriefe at all or may not 
be able to sell the Pfandbriefe at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to any such Pfandbriefe. 
In light of these developments and similar to the approaches in the United States and the United 
Kingdom, the Governing Council of the European Central Bank ("ECB") has decided to develop a euro

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
short-term rate ("€STR®") based on data already available to the eurosystem. €STR® reflects the 
wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, complements existing 
benchmark rates provided by the private sector and is published on each TARGET2 banking day since 
2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be implemented and, in 
particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the transition 
from existing reference rates to €STR® could result in further uncertainties and limitations, investors in 
the Pfandbriefe should consider all these factors when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Pfandbriefe.   
Risk of early redemption 
Pfandbriefe that contain a call option of the Issuer (the "Call-Option") may be redeemed by the Issuer 
on certain call dates (the "Call Dates") as specified in the Final Terms, by giving notice to the 
Pfandbriefholders (subject to restrictions in applicable laws and regulations).   
Pfandbriefe with a Cap 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe may be equipped with a cap with respect to the interest payment. In that case, 
the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the 
Pfandbriefholder will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. 
The yield of these Pfandbriefe could therefore be lower than that of similarly structured Pfandbriefe 
without a cap. The market value of such Pfandbriefe may decrease or fluctuate over their term to a higher 
extent than comparable interest structured Pfandbriefe without a cap. 
Pfandbriefe with a participation rate (factor) 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe may be equipped with a feature that, for the calculation of interest payable on 
the Pfandbriefe, an amount calculated on the basis of the interest provisions of the Pfandbriefe will be 
multiplied by a participation rate (factor). 
In the case of a participation rate (factor) which is below 100 per cent. (a factor smaller than 1), 
Pfandbriefholders usually participate less on a positive performance of the relevant reference rate(s) 
than this would be the case in the event of a multiplication with a factor of 1 or if Pfandbriefe are not 
equipped with a participation rate (factor). In other words, the variable interest rate payable on the 
Pfandbriefe increases less than the relevant reference price(s). However, in the case of a participation 
rate (factor) which is above 100 per cent. (a factor bigger than 1), Pfandbriefholders usually are exposed 
to the risk that, despite the influence of other features, the accrual of interest will decrease more in the 
case of a negative performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this would be the case in the event 
of a multiplication with a factor of 1 or if Pfandbriefe are not equipped with a participation rate (factor). 
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe 
"Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe" do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal 
value (discounted Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe) or at their nominal value (compounded Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe). Instead of periodical interest payments, the difference between the redemption price and 
the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A 
Pfandbriefholder of a Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe is exposed to the risk that the price of such Pfandbriefe 
falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe are more 
volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market 
interest rate changes than interest bearing Pfandbriefe with a similar maturity. 
2. Risks related to the nature of the Pfandbriefe 
 
Risks relating to market value of the Pfandbriefe 
The market value (or the market price) of the Pfandbriefe will be affected by a number of factors such 
as prevailing interest and yield rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions or, 
as the case may be, the remaining term of the Pfandbriefe. If the Pfandbriefe are traded after their initial 
issuance, these factors may lead to a market value of the Pfandbriefe being substantially below their 
Issue Price. The market value, at which a Pfandbriefholder will be able to sell the Pfandbriefe, may be 
substantially below the Issue Price. The Issuer does not guarantee that the spread between purchase and

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
selling prices lies within a certain range or remains constant. If the Pfandbriefholder sells the Pfandbriefe 
at a time where the market value of the Pfandbriefe is below the Issue Price he will suffer a loss. 
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk is one of the central risks of interest-bearing Pfandbriefe. The interest rate level on 
the money and capital markets may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Pfandbriefe to 
change on a daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes 
of the market interest rate level. Pfandbriefholders of floating rate Pfandbriefe may receive a lower 
interest amount than they have initially expected. Pfandbriefholders of fixed rate Pfandbriefe are 
exposed to an interest rate risk that could result in a diminution in value of the Pfandbriefe if the market 
interest rate level increases. In general, the effects of this risk increase as the market interest rates 
increase.  
Currency risk with respect to the Pfandbriefe 
The Pfandbriefe may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction where the 
investor is domiciled or where the investor seeks to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies 
(the "Currency Exchange Rates") are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets, which are affected by macro-economic factors, speculations and intervention by the 
central banks and governments (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). 
Fluctuations in Currency Exchange Rates may have a negative impact on the value of the Pfandbriefe 
and may result in a loss. 
Green Pfandbriefe, Social Pfandbriefe, Sustainability Pfandbriefe: Use of Proceeds May Not Meet 
Investors’ Sustainable Investment Criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Pfandbriefe may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Pfandbriefe specifically 
for projects and activities that promote social and environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Projects" 
and/or "Eligible Social Projects", as applicable). UniCredit S.p.A. and its subsidiaries, including the 
Issuer (the "UniCredit Group") are in the process of establishing a "Sustainability Bond Framework" 
which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects. The Sustainability Bond Framework will be available on the website of the Issuer and/or further 
websites of UniCredit Group. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainability Bond Framework 
nor the content of the website or any Second Party Opinion (as defined below) are incorporated by 
reference into or form part of this Prospectus.  
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Pfandbriefe together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Compliance with further voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Pfandbriefe, the Issuer 
may refer to such of Pfandbriefe as "green Pfandbriefe", "social Pfandbriefe" or "sustainability 
Pfandbriefe". The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "social", "sustainability" or an equivalently-labelled 
project is currently under development. In addition, it is an area which has been, and continues to be, 
the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, 
standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached 
a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the 
"Taxonomy Regulation"). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance 
published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the overarching 
design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and 
financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future 
European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 
2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). On 15 April 2020, the Council adopted by written procedure 
its position at first reading with respect to the Taxonomy Regulation. The European Parliament will

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
have to vote on the text pursuant to the "early second reading agreement" procedure. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 entered into force and will apply in part as of 1 January 2022 and will apply in whole as of 
1 January 2023. On 12 June 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation on the 
creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. This consultation was running for an extended period of 16 
weeks until 2 October 2020. Based on the outcome of this consultation, as well as ongoing bilateral 
stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is likely to establish the EU Green Bond Standard in 
Q2 2021 according to Annex 1 of the European Commission Work Programme 2021. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent 
or any sustainability advisor or second party opinion provider or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory 
requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment 
criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Pfandbriefe is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "sustainability", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor 
or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation 
or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other 
person (including UniCredit Group) that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any Tranche of Pfandbriefe or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Pfandbriefe. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Pfandbriefe 
so specified for Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the Sustainability Bond Framework, there can 
be no assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person 
(including UniCredit Group) that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. Nor can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any 
green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that such Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected 
or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not give the 
Noteholder the right to early terminate the Pfandbriefe. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Pfandbriefe for any Eligible 
Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on (as 
further specified below) and/or any such Pfandbriefe no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Pfandbriefe and also potentially the value of any other Pfandbriefe which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
Sustainability evaluations  
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person (including 
UniCredit Group) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Pfandbriefe and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other 
criteria (such opinion or certification also referred to as a "Second-Party Opinion"). Any such Second 
Party Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Pfandbriefe issued in accordance 
with the Sustainability Bond Framework or any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, 
as applicable, against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Pfandbriefe.  
Such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations 
and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Pfandbriefe, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security. Such Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second 
Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person (including UniCredit Group) to buy, sell or hold any Pfandbriefe. Any such Second Party 
Opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended 
or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Pfandbriefe. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Holders of Pfandbriefe will have any recourse 
against the provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion. 
 
Inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced 
by inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on Pfandbriefe. If the inflation rate 
is equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
 
3. Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Pfandbriefe to trading on a 
regulated market 
 
Risk that no active trading market for the Pfandbriefe exists 
The Pfandbriefe will be newly issued securities, which may not be widely distributed and for which no 
active trading market may exist and may develop. 
Although application could be made for the Pfandbriefe to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of any stock exchange or to any market within the European Economic Area, there is no assurance that 
such application will be accepted, that a particular tranche of Pfandbriefe will be admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance regarding the development or 
liquidity of a trading market for a particular tranche of Pfandbriefe. Neither the Issuer nor a Dealer can 
assure that a Pfandbriefholder will be able to sell their Pfandbriefe prior to their maturity. If the 
Pfandbriefe are not traded on any securities exchange, pricing information for the Pfandbriefe may be 
more difficult to obtain which may have a negative effect on the liquidity and the market prices of the 
Pfandbriefe. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, purchase Pfandbriefe at any time and at any price in the open 
market, by tender or private agreement. Any Pfandbriefe purchased in this way by the Issuer may be 
held, resold or cancelled. If the Issuer acts as the only market maker or if there is no market maker, the 
secondary market may become even more limited. The more limited the secondary market is, the more 
difficult it may be for Pfandbriefholders to realise the value of the Pfandbriefe prior to the maturity date 
of the Pfandbriefe. Therefore, a certain risk does exist that Pfandbriefholders have to hold the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Pfandbriefe until the maturity date of the Pfandbriefe or the Pfandbriefe are redeemed early (if a right 
to redeem the Pfandbriefe early is applicable). 
Risks relating to the offering volume 
The offering volume described in the Final Terms is equal to the maximum volume of the Pfandbriefe 
offered, which might be increased at any time. This amount does not allow any conclusions on the 
volume of the Pfandbriefe actually issued, and thus on the liquidity of a potential secondary market 
associated with the same risks as stated above. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer or any of their affiliates has assumed or assumes responsibility towards 
any potential investor for the legality of the acquisition of the Pfandbriefe, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that potential investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
 
4. Other risks related to the Pfandbriefe 
 
Ratings 
Pfandbriefe issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Pfandbriefe is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Pfandbriefe to be issued 
under the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, 
the Issuer may decide to no longer use the services of a particular rating agency or use the services of 
another rating agency. Any ratings assigned to Pfandbriefe as at the date hereof are not indicative of 
future performance of the relevant Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, in view of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on Credit Rating Agencies, rating processes may differ from former ratings and rating processes as a 
result of which the rating of the Pfandbriefe may differ or may not be available at all. 
Transaction costs 
When Pfandbriefe are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees 
and commissions) are incurred beside the purchase or sales price of the Pfandbriefe. These incidental 
costs may significantly reduce or even eliminate any profit from holding the Pfandbriefe. Generally, 
credit institutions charge commissions, which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions, depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties 
are involved in the execution of an order, for example domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, 
Pfandbriefholders may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses 
of such parties (third-party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Pfandbriefe (direct costs), potential investors 
must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Potential investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Pfandbriefe before investing in the Pfandbriefe. 
Risks relating to hedging transactions 
Pfandbriefholders may not be able to make transactions to preclude or limit risks at all times during the 
term of the Pfandbriefe. Their ability to do so will depend on, inter alia, market conditions. In some 
cases investors may make such transactions only at a market price that is disadvantageous to them, so 
that a significant loss will occur. 
Transactions to reduce risks 
Any person intending to use the Pfandbriefe as a hedging instrument should recognise the correlation 
risk. The correlation risk in this case is the risk that the estimated and the actual correlation of the 
Pfandbriefe may differ. This means that the hedging position estimated to move in the opposite direction 
as a security may prove to be correlated with the security, and that this may lead to a failure of the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
envisaged hedging transaction. The Pfandbriefe may not be a perfect hedge to an underlying or portfolio 
of which the underlying forms part.  
Risks relating to the expansion of the spread between bid and offer prices 
In special market situations, the Issuer may be unable to conclude hedging transactions, or when such 
transactions are very difficult to conclude, the spread between the bid and offer prices which will be 
quoted by the Issuer may be temporarily expanded, in order to limit the economic risk of the Issuer. As 
a consequence, Pfandbriefholders who sell their Pfandbriefe on an exchange or directly among market 
participants via so-called over-the-counter dealings (off-exchange) can only sell them at a price that is 
substantially lower than the actual value of the Pfandbriefe at the time of the sale and will therefore 
suffer a loss.  
Reinvestment risk 
Pfandbriefholders may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash resources freed from 
any Pfandbriefe. The return, the Pfandbriefholder will receive from Pfandbriefe, depends not only on 
the price and the nominal interest rate of the Pfandbriefe but also on whether or not the interest received 
during the term of the Pfandbriefe, if any, can be reinvested at the same or a higher interest rate than the 
rate provided for in the Pfandbriefe. The risk that the general market interest rate falls below the interest 
rate of the Pfandbriefe during its term is generally called reinvestment risk. The extent of the 
reinvestment risk depends on the individual features of the relevant Pfandbriefe. 
Risks arising from financing the purchase of the Pfandbriefe 
If a potential investor decides to finance the purchase of the Pfandbriefe with funds borrowed from a 
third party, the investor should make sure in advance that he can still pay the interest and principal 
payments on the loan also in the event of a loss. The investor should not rely on gains or profits from 
the investment in the Pfandbriefe in order to repay interest and principal of the loans when due and 
payable. In that case, the expected return must be set higher since the costs relating to the purchase of 
the Pfandbriefe and those relating to the loan (interest, redemption, handling fee) have to be taken into 
account. 
Pfandbriefholders rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as regards the 
transfer, payment and communication 
Pfandbriefe issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global 
Notes may be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Notes are New Global Notes, a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Pfandbriefe 
are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Pfandbriefe are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge the 
payment obligations under the Pfandbriefe by making payments to the common depositary, or for 
Pfandbriefe that are New Global Notes, the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. The Issuer has no responsibility 
or liability for the records relating to the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Pfandbrief. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Pfandbriefe. 
Brexit  
The United Kingdom (UK) has left the European Union (EU) as of 31 January 2020 ("Brexit"). On 31 
December 2020, the transitional period previously agreed between the UK and the EU expired. Although 
the UK and the EU have announced the terms of a trade deal on 24 December 2020 which took 
provisional effect immediately following the expiry of the transitional period, the future terms of the 
UK’s relationship with the EU continue to be not entirely clear. The related uncertainties are likely to

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
continue to result in market disruptions affecting the Issuer and heightened volatility in the market and 
might affect European or worldwide economic or market conditions and may contribute to instability in 
global financial and foreign exchange markets.  
Pfandbriefe issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Pfandbriefe issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Pfandbriefe, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
UniCredit Bank AG ("HVB" or the "Issuer" and HVB, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the 
"HVB Group") having its registered office at Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, Germany accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms. UniCredit 
Bank AG declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, 
in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. No other person mentioned in 
this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer is responsible for the information given in this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer may during the term of its validity pursuant to Art. 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation give 
its consent pursuant to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation to the use of this Base Prospetus in the 
context of a specific offer / issue of a Series / Tranche either by way of (i) general consent to use the 
Base Prospectus, if so applied in the Final Terms or (ii) specific consent to use the Base Prospectus, if 
so applied in the Final Terms. However, the Issuer may also give no consent to use the Base Prospectus 
at all, if so applied in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby consents to the use of the Base Prospectus to the extent and subject to the conditions 
set out in the Final Terms. 
In the context of any public offer of Pfandbriefe in a Public Offer Jurisdiction (as defined below), in 
relation to any person who purchases any Pfandbriefe in that Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement thereto as well as in 
the Final Terms, also with respect to the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Pfandbriefe 
by financial intermediaries, who obtained the consent to use the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto 
as well as the Final Terms. 
Such consent can be given to all (so-called general consent) or only to one or several specified financial 
intermediaries (so-called individual consent) and will be determined in the Final Terms. 
Such consent can be given in relation to any of the member states of the European Economic Area (each, 
a "Member State"), in which the Base Prospectus is valid or into which it has been notified as specified 
in the Final Terms, being as at the date of this Base Prospectus Germany, Luxembourg and Austria 
(each, a "Public Offer Jurisdiction"). If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add 
one or more Member States to the list of Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying such Member State(s) and any relevant additional 
information required by the Prospectus Regulation.  
The consent of the Issuer is given under the condition, that each financial intermediary complies with 
the Terms and Conditions (as defined in below), the Final Terms as well as the applicable selling 
restrictions.  
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus can be given in relation to the relevant tranche of Pfandbriefe 
and for the offer period set out in the Final Terms.  
If the consent of the Issuer is subject to further conditions, such conditions will be set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Except in the circumstances described above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by 
any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Pfandbriefe in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of 
the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Arranger or 
Dealer, accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms as well as the 
offer, sale and the delivery of the Pfandbriefe may be restricted by law in some jurisdictions. Each 
financial intermediary and/or each person, who is in the possession of this Base Prospectus, a 
supplement thereto and the Final Terms, must be informed of and comply with such restrictions. The 
Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain 
financial intermediaries. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, the financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Pfandbriefe including 
information regarding costs and expenses (if any) at the time of that offer.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Any financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the 
Base Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
New information with respect to new financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval 
of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms, as the case may, will be published and will 
be found on the website of the Issuer (or any successor website). 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger or any Dealer, has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of a financial intermediary, including compliance by a 
financial intermediary with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The description of the Issuer as contained in the Registration Document of UniCredit Bank AG, dated 
20 May 2020, approved by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) (the "Registration Document") is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as set out on page 175 et seq. of this Base Prospectus. 
Financial Statements of HVB  
Income Statement 
The following table sets in summary form the income statement of HVB, which has been extracted from 
the audited consolidated financial statements of HVB Group for the financial years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. For the changes in 2019 financial figures refer to the Annual 
report page 88 and hereafter. 
 
1/1/2020 – 
31/12/2020 
1/1/2019 – 
31/12/2019 
Net interest income  
€2,413m 
 €2,388m 
Net fees and commissions 
€1,007m 
€973m 
Credit impairment losses IFRS 9  
€-733m 
 €-115m 
Net trading income 
€662m 
€579m 
Operating profit 
€1,833m 
€1,671m 
Profit after tax  
€668m 
€828m 
Earnings per share 
0.83 
1.01 
 
Balance Sheet 
The following table sets out in summary form the balance sheet which has been extracted from the 
audited unconsolidated financial statements of HVB Group for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively.  
 
1/1/2020 – 
31/12/2020 
1/1/2019 – 
31/12/2019 
Total assets 
€338,124m 
€303,598m 
Senior debt1 
€30,813 
€28,105m 
Subordinated debt2 
€2,943m 
€464m 
Loans and receivables with customers (at cost) 
€144,247m 
€139,632m 
Deposits from customers 
€143,803m 
€125,394m 
Total equity 
€17,875m 
€18.915m 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ratio 
18.8% 
17.5% 
Total Capital Ratio 
22.5% 
18.1% 
Leverage Ratio calculated under applicable 
regulatory framework3 
4.9% 
4.3% 
1 Balance sheet item “Debt securities in issue” minus subordinated debt (31/12/2020: Debt securities in issue total € 31,743m 
minus subordinated capital €930m; 31/12/2019: Debt securities in issue total € 28,256m minus subordinated capital €151m) 
2 2019: Comprised subordinated capital of the balance sheet items “Deposits from banks” and “Debt securities in issue”. 2020: Comprised subordinated 
capital of the balance sheet items “Deposits from banks”, “Debt securities in issue”and “Additional Tier 1 capital”. 
3 Ratio of core capital to the sum total of the exposure values of all assets and off-balance-sheets items. Article 500b CRR II introduced through Regulation 
(EU) 2020/873 “Temporary exclusion of certain exposures to central banks from the total exposure measure in view of the COVID-19 pandemic” was 
applied to determine the leverage ratio of HVB Group at 31 December 2020 (in accordance with approved consolidated financial statements). Had the 
aforementioned article not been applied, the leverage ratio of HVB Group as at 31 December 2020 would amount to 4.4% (in accordance with approved 
consolidated financial statements).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE PFANDBRIEFE 
Terms and conditions of the offer 
The following details regarding the terms and conditions of the offer will be indicated in the Final Terms: 
(i) the country(ies) where the offer(s) to the public takes place, (ii) the conditions for the offer of the 
Pfandbriefe; (iii) the day of the first public offer; (iv) the possibility to reduce or increase the number of 
securities offered for sale by the Issuer, (v) the details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application (whether in number of Pfandbriefe or aggregate amount to invest); (vi) the method and time 
limits for paying up the Pfandbriefe and for the delivery of the Pfandbriefe; (vii) the smallest transferable 
and/or tradable denomination; (viii) the possibility of an early termination of the public offer. 
Selling concession or other concessions 
A selling concession or other concession may be charged as set out in the Final Terms. 
Admission to Trading and Listing of the Pfandbriefe 
Application may be made to list and trade Pfandbriefe to be issued under the Programme on the markets 
or trading systems as set out in the Final Terms. However, Pfandbriefe may also be issued under the 
Programme without being listed on any stock exchange. An estimate of the total expenses related to 
admission to trading of the Pfandbriefe will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The estimated total expenses related to admission to trading of the Pfandbriefe, if any, and the regulated 
markets or equivalent markets on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, Pfandbriefe of the same class 
of the Pfandbriefe issued by the Issuer to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to trading 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Ratings  
Pfandbriefe currently issued by HVB have been rated as follows by Moody's Investors Service 
("Moody's") (Status: March 2021): 
 
Public 
Sector 
Pfandbriefe 
Outlook 
Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe 
Outlook 
Moody's 
Aaa 
- 
Aaa 
- 
 
The Pfandbriefe to be offered may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Pfandbriefe is rated, its rating 
may not be the same as the rating as set out above and such rating may be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Pfandbriefe and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Moody's appends long-term obligation ratings at the following levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca 
and C. To each generic rating category from Aa to Caa Moody's assigns the numerical modifiers "1", 
"2" and "3". The modifier "1" indicates that the bank is in the higher end of its letter-rating category, the 
modifier "2" indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier "3" indicates that the bank is in the lower 
end of its letter-rating category. Moody´s also has the option of adding further guidance (referred to as 
"under review") as to whether a rating is likely to be upgraded (possible upgrade), downgraded (possible 
downgrade) or uncertain (direction uncertain). Outlooks are assigned indicating the direction of any 
pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, stable and developing. Moody's short-term ratings are 
opinions of the ability of issuers to honour short-term financial obligations and range from P-1, P-2, P-
3 down to NP (Not Prime). 
HVB confirms that the information contained in this section "Ratings" has been accurately reproduced 
and that as far as HVB is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Moody's, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The ratings were prepared by a subsidiary of Moody's. The subsidiary, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
with its registered office in Frankfurt am Main is established in the EEA and registered or certified in 
accordance with under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended and is included in the list of registered

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Definitions of Ratings 
The following sections show the detailed rating definitions of the rating agency.  
Moody’s 
Global Long-Term Rating Scale 
Aaa 
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level 
of credit risk. 
 
Pfandbriefe and the German Mortgage Banking Sector 
A German credit institution licensed under the Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) (the "Banking Act") 
to carry out Pfandbrief business must obtain special authorisation from the Federal Financial Services 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin") and, for that 
purpose, must meet the organisational requirements as specified in the German Pfandbrief Act 
(Pfandbriefgesetz), as amended from time to time (the "Pfandbrief Act"). 
Rules applicable to all Types of Pfandbriefe 
Pfandbriefe are standardised debt instruments issued by a German credit institution authorised to issue 
Pfandbriefe in accordance with the Pfandbrief Act. In this summary, banks authorised to issue 
Pfandbriefe are generally referred to as "Pfandbrief Banks" which is the term applied by the Pfandbrief 
Act. The quality and standards of Pfandbriefe are strictly governed by provisions of the Pfandbrief Act 
and subject to the supervision of the BaFin. Pfandbriefe generally are medium- to long-term bonds, 
typically with an original maturity of two to ten years, which are secured or "covered" at all times by a 
pool of specified qualifying assets (Deckung), as described below. Pfandbriefe are recourse obligations 
of the issuing bank, and no separate vehicle is created for their issuance generally or for the issuance of 
any specific series of Pfandbriefe. Prior to maturity, Pfandbriefe may not be redeemed at the option of 
the holders. 
Pfandbriefe may either be Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe), Public Sector Pfandbriefe 
(Öffentliche Pfandbriefe), Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Schiffspfandbriefe) or Aircraft Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Flugzeugpfandbriefe). The outstanding Pfandbriefe of any one of these types must be 
covered by a separate pool of specified qualifying assets: a pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe only, a pool 
for Public Sector Pfandbriefe only, a pool covering all outstanding Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe only, and 
a pool covering all outstanding Aircraft Pfandbriefe (each a "Cover Pool" (Deckungsstock)). An 
independent trustee appointed by the BaFin has wide responsibilities in monitoring compliance by the 
Pfandbrief Bank with the provisions of the Pfandbrief Act. In particular, the trustee monitors that the 
prescribed cover is maintained and the cover assets are recorded in a register listing the assets provided 
as cover from time to time in respect of the Pfandbriefe of the relevant type; such register is maintained 
by the Pfandbrief Bank. 
The aggregate principal amount of assets in each Cover Pool must at all times at least be equal to the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Pfandbriefe covered by such Cover Pool. Moreover, the 
aggregate interest yield on any such Pool must at all times be at least equal to the aggregate interest 
payable on all Pfandbriefe covered by such Cover Pool. In addition, the coverage of all outstanding 
Pfandbriefe with respect to principal and interest must also at all times be ensured on the basis of the 
present value (Barwert). Finally, the present value of the assets contained in the Cover Pool must exceed 
the total amount of liabilities from the corresponding Pfandbriefe and derivatives by at least 2 per cent 
(sichernde Überdeckung).  
Such 2 per cent excess cover must consist of highly liquid assets. Qualifying assets for the excess cover 
are (i) debt securities of the Federal Republic of Germany, a special fund of the Federal Republic of 
Germany, a German state, the European Communities, the member states of the European Union, the 
states comprising the European Economic Area, the European Investment Bank, the International Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the Council of Europe Development Bank, or the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, as well as under certain circumstances debt 
securities of Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, 
Canada or Japan, if such countries have been allocated a risk weight equal to a rating of level 1 obtained 
from an international rating agency and as set out in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
(as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, in particular by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II") (whereby references to 
such Regulation shall include such Regulation as amended from time to time); (ii) debt securities 
guaranteed by any of the foregoing entities; and (iii) credit balances maintained with the European 
Central Bank, the central banks of the member states of the European Union or appropriate credit 
institutions which have their corporate seat in a country listed under (i) above if such credit institutions 
have been allocated a risk weight equal to a rating of level 1 obtained from an international rating agency 
and as set out in the CRR II (and the claims satisfy certain criteria). 
The Pfandbrief Bank must record in the register of cover assets for any Cover Pool of a given Pfandbrief 
type each asset and the liabilities arising from derivatives. Derivatives may be entered in such register 
only with the consent of the trustee and the counterparty.  
The Pfandbrief Bank must have in place an appropriate risk management system meeting the 
requirements specified in detail in the Pfandbrief Act and must comply with comprehensive disclosure 
requirements on a quarterly and annual basis, as set out in detail in the Pfandbrief Act.  
Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
The principal assets qualifying for the Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe are loans secured by 
mortgages which may serve as cover up to the initial 60 per cent of the value of the property, as assessed 
by experts of the Pfandbrief Bank not taking part in the credit decision in accordance with 
comprehensive evaluation rules designed to arrive at the fair market value of the property. Moreover, 
building structures connected firmly with the mortgaged property taken into account as augmenting the 
value must be adequately insured against relevant risks in an amount covering at least the estimated 
costs for repair or reconstruction in case of damage or loss or the loan amount outstanding from time to 
time.  
The underlying property must be situated in a state of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom 
and Northern Ireland, Switzerland, the United States of America, Canada, Japan, Australia, New 
Zealand or Singapore. Furthermore, the registered cover pool assets include all claims of the Pfandbrief 
Bank directed to the economic substance of the property.  
Other assets qualifying for inclusion in the cover pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe include, among others: 
(i) equalisation claims converted into bearer bonds, (ii) subject to certain qualifications, those assets 
which may also be included in the 2 per cent excess cover described above, up to a total sum of 10 per 
cent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe; (iii) the assets which may 
also be included in the Cover Pool for Public Pfandbriefe referred to below (resulting from bonds), up 
to a total of 20 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe, whereby 
the assets pursuant to (ii) above will be deducted and (iv) claims arising under interest rate and currency 
swaps as well as under other qualifying derivatives contracted under standardised master agreements 
with certain qualifying counterparties, provided that it is assured that the claims arising under such 
derivatives will not be prejudiced in the event of the insolvency of the Pfandbrief Bank or any other 
Cover Pool maintained by it. The amount of the claims of the Pfandbrief Bank arising under derivatives 
which are included in the Cover Pool measured against the total amount of all assets forming part of the 
Cover Pool as well as the amount of the liabilities of the Pfandbrief Bank arising from such derivatives 
measured against the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe plus the 
liabilities arising from derivatives may in either case not exceed 12 per cent, calculated in each case on 
the basis of the net present values. For a full list of eligible claims and further detailed requirements, 
reference is made to §§ 12 through 19 of the Pfandbrief Act.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Cover Pool for Public Sector Pfandbriefe 
The Cover Pool for Public Sector Pfandbriefe may comprise money claims resulting from loans, bonds 
or a comparable transaction or other money claims acknowledged in writing as being free from defences 
if they are directed against an eligible debtor or for which an eligible debtor has assumed a full guarantee. 
Eligible debtors are, inter alia: (i) German regional and local authorities and public law entities for 
which a maintenance obligation (Anstaltslast) or a guarantee obligation (Gewährträgerhaftung) or 
another state refinancing guarantee applies or which are legally entitled to raise fees, rates and other 
levies, (ii) the EU/EEA countries as well as their central banks, (iii) regional governments and regional 
and local authorities of the afore-mentioned states, (iv) the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, 
Switzerland, the United States, Canada and Japan and their central banks provided they have been 
assigned a risk weight equal to a credit quality of level 1 obtained from an international rating agency 
and as set out in the CRR II, (v) regional governments and regional and local authorities of the 
afore-mentioned states that have been equated with the relevant central government or have been 
assigned a risk weight equal to a credit quality of level 1 obtained from an international rating agency 
and as set out in the CRR II, (vi) the European Central Bank, multilateral development banks and 
international organisations (as defined in the CRR II) as well as the European Stability Mechanism, 
(vii) public sector entities that are located within the EU/EEA, (viii) public sector entities within the 
meaning of the CRR II (i.e., non-commercial administrative bodies responsible to central governments, 
regional governments or local authorities, or authorities that exercise the same responsibilities as 
regional governments and local authorities, or non-commercial undertakings owned or set up and 
sponsored by central governments, regional governments or local authorities that have explicit guarantee 
arrangements, including self administered bodies governed by law that are under public supervision) 
that are located within in Switzerland, the United States, Canada or Japan provided that, they have been 
assigned a risk weight equal to credit quality of level 1 obtained from an international rating agency and 
as set out in the CRR II. However, public sector entities are only eligible to the extent the relevant claim 
is owed by them but not as guarantors of claims. For a full list of eligible claims and further detailed 
requirements, reference is made to § 20 of the Pfandbrief Act. 
The Cover Pool may furthermore include the following assets: (i) equalisation claims converted into 
bearer bonds; (ii) credit balances maintained with the European Central Bank, a central bank of any EU 
member state or a suitable credit institution, which have, in accordance with Article 119 par. 1 of the 
CRR II, been assigned a risk weighting equivalent to credit quality of level 1 according to Table 3 of 
Article 120 par. 1 of the CRR II, a risk weighting equivalent to credit quality of level 2 according to 
Table 3 of Article 120 par. 1 of the CRR II in connection with a corresponding general regulation of the 
BaFin issued on December 22, 2014 or a risk weighting equivalent to credit quality of level 1 according 
to Table 5 of Article 121 par. 1 of the CRR II, up to a total sum of the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Public Sector Pfandbriefe; and (iii) claims arising under certain derivatives contracted under 
standardised master agreements with certain qualifying counterparties, provided that it is assured that 
the claims arising under such derivatives will not be prejudiced in the event of the insolvency of the 
Pfandbrief Bank or any other Cover Pool maintained by it (and subject to the 12 per cent. threshold as 
described in case of Mortgage Pfandbriefe above). 
Additional regulatory requirements 
In addition to the provisions of the Pfandbrief Act, Pfandbrief Banks, like other types of German banks, 
are subject to governmental supervision and regulation in accordance with the Banking Act and other 
applicable German and EU laws and regulations. Supervision is conducted by ECB with day-to-day 
assistance of BaFin. In addition, the Deutsche Bundesbank in its capacity as the German central bank 
also holds some supervisory powers. The BaFin has comprehensive powers to instruct German banks to 
take actions to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, German banks, including 
Pfandbrief Banks, are required to submit extensive confidential reports to the ECB, BaFin and the 
Deutsche Bundesbank, which include disclosure of the statistical and operational aspects of the banks’ 
businesses. Within the scope of their oversight and regulatory capacities, each of the ECB, BaFin and 
the Deutsche Bundesbank may take immediate action whenever required. 
In addition, under the Pfandbrief Act, the supervision of Pfandbrief Banks by the BaFin has been further 
strengthened. In particular, the rights to information of BaFin and requirements concerning the reporting 
and transparency of Pfandbrief Banks have increased.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Status and protection of the Holders of Pfandbriefe 
The holders of outstanding Pfandbriefe of each class rank pari passu among themselves, and have 
preferential claims with respect to the assets registered in the relevant cover register subject to national 
law (other than German law) which does not recognise such preferential claims. With respect to other 
assets of a Pfandbrief Bank, holders of Pfandbriefe rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the 
Pfandbrief Bank. 
Insolvency Proceedings 
In the event of the institution of insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Pfandbrief Bank, the assets 
registered in the relevant cover register for any Cover Pool maintained by it would not be part of the 
insolvency estate, and, therefore, such insolvency would not automatically result in an insolvency of 
any Cover Pool subject to national law (other than German law) which does not recognise such 
preferential claims. Only if at the same time or thereafter the relevant Cover Pool were to become 
insolvent, separate insolvency proceedings would be initiated over the assets of such Cover Pool by the 
BaFin. In this case, holders of Pfandbriefe would have the first claim on the respective Cover Pool 
subject to national law (other than German law) which does not recognise such preferential claim. Their 
preferential right would also extend to interest on the Pfandbriefe accrued after the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings. Claims of counterparties to derivatives included in the respective Cover Pool 
would rank pari passu with these rights and claims of the holders of Pfandbriefe and claims of 
Administrators (as defined below) for remuneration and expenses would be satisfied before. 
Furthermore, but only to the extent that holders of Pfandbriefe suffer a loss, holders would also have 
recourse to any assets of the Pfandbrief Bank not included in the Cover Pools. As regards those assets, 
holders of the Pfandbriefe would rank equal with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the 
Pfandbrief Bank. 
One to three administrators (Sachwalter, each an "Administrator") will be appointed in the case of the 
insolvency of the Pfandbrief Bank to administer each Cover Pool for the sole benefit of the holders of 
related Pfandbriefe. The Administrator will be appointed by the court having jurisdiction pursuant to the 
German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) at the request of the BaFin before or after the institution 
of insolvency proceedings. The Administrator will be subject to the supervision of the court and also of 
the BaFin with respect to the duties of the Pfandbrief Bank arising in connection with the administration 
of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool. The Administrator will be entitled to dispose of the 
Cover Pool's assets and receive all payments on the relevant assets to ensure full satisfaction of the 
claims of the holders of Pfandbriefe. To the extent, however, that those assets are obviously not 
necessary to satisfy such claims, the insolvency receiver of the Pfandbrief Bank is entitled to demand 
the transfer of such assets to the Pfandbrief Bank´s insolvency estate.  
Subject to the consent of the BaFin, the Administrator may transfer all or part of the cover assets and 
the liabilities arising from the Pfandbriefe issued against such assets to another Pfandbrief Bank.  
Amendments to the Pfandbrief Act 
The Pfandbrief Act was amended from time to time to reflect regulatory developments on a European 
and German level, e.g. on 10 December 2014 to provide that, should the resolution authority, in effecting 
a transfer within the meaning of § 107 of the German Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz), include provisions to transfer the bank's Pfandbrief business, whether in whole or 
in part, this transfer shall, in deviation from § 114 par. 2 of the German Recovery and Resolution Act 
(Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz), be carried out in accordance with §§ 30 to 36 Pfandbrief Act. 
Further amendments included amendments introduced by Article 5 of the German Resolution 
Mechanism Act (Abwicklungsmechanismusgesetz) of 2 November 2015 and by Article 7 of the so-called 
Brexit-Steuerbegleitgesetz of 25 March 2019 (see in this regard in particular the following paragraph). 
It is likely that further amendments to the Pfandbrief Act will follow in the course of 2021, given that a 
new draft law of the German Federal Government dated 18 December 2020 is intended to implement 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issuance of covered bonds and the public supervision of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds 
Directive"). This directive aims to harmonise the different regulations in the European Union with a 
view to creating more transparency for investors and improve the marketing opportunities of the covered

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
bond. The implementation deadline for the directive is 8 July 2021. However, as the Pfandbrief Act 
already largely meets the requirements of the Covered Bonds Directive, statutory amendments are only 
envisaged in a few points and relate in particular to the protection of the terms "European Covered 
Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" created by the Covered Bonds Directive. 
Cover Assets in the United Kingdom 
 
Cover assets registered before the withdrawal of the United Kingdom in accordance with the above 
mentioned provisions of the Pfandbrief Act which are secured by properties or rights equivalent to real 
property located in the United Kingdom or levelled against the United Kingdom or its public authorities 
(if permissible) or guaranteed by such public authorities, remain eligible as cover. For demand deposits 
and financial claims with a daily maturity, this applies up to one month after the day on which the 
relevant Pfandbriefbank was able to dispose of the aforementioned assets for the first time. In addition, 
such assets included in cover until the withdrawal may not be applied against the above-mentioned limit 
of 10 per cent. for cover assets for which the preferential right of the holders of a Pfandbrief is not 
ensured. 
 
Minimum Standards for Jumbo Pfandbriefe 
Jumbo-Pfandbriefe are governed by the same laws as Pfandbriefe and therefore cannot be classified as 
a type of securities apart from Pfandbriefe. However, in order to improve the liquidity of the Pfandbrief 
market certain Pfandbrief Banks have agreed upon certain minimum requirements for -Pfandbriefe 
(Mindeststandards von Jumbo-Pfandbriefen) (the "Minimum Requirements") applicable to such 
Pfandbriefe which are issued as Jumbo-Pfandbriefe. These Minimum Requirements are not statutory 
provisions. Instead, they should be regarded as voluntary self-restrictions which limit the options issuers 
have when structuring Jumbo-Pfandbriefe. An overview of some of the Minimum Requirements is set 
out below:  
(a) 
The minimum issue size of a Jumbo-Pfandbrief is EUR 1,000,000,000. If the minimum size is 
not reached with the initial issue, a Pfandbrief may be increased by way of a tap issue in order to 
give it Jumbo-Pfandbrief status, provided all the requirements stated under (b) to (g) are fulfilled. 
(b) 
Only Pfandbriefe of straight bond format (i.e. fixed coupon payable annually in arrear, bullet 
redemption) may be offered as Jumbo-Pfandbriefe. 
(c) 
Jumbo-Pfandbriefe must be listed on an organised market in a Member State of the European 
Union or in another Contracting State of the Agreement on the European Economic Area 
immediately after issue, although not later than 30 calendar days after the settlement date. 
(d) 
Jumbo-Pfandbriefe must be placed by a syndicate consisting of at least five banks (syndicate 
banks). 
(e) 
The syndicate banks act as market makers; in addition to their own system, they pledge to quote 
prices upon application and bid/ask (two-way) prices at the request of investors on an electronic 
trading platform and in telephone trading. 
(f) 
The syndicate banks pledge to report daily for each Jumbo-Pfandbrief outstanding (life to maturity 
from 24 months upwards) the spread versus asset swap. The average spreads, which are calculated 
for each Jumbo-Pfandbrief by following a defined procedure, are published on the website of the 
Verband Deutscher Pfandbriefbanken (www.pfandbrief.de).  
(g) 
A subsequent transfer to the name of an investor is not permitted (restriction on transferability). 
It is permitted to buy back securities for redemption purposes or in the context of monitoring the 
cover pool if the outstanding volume of the issue does not fall below EUR 1,000,000,000 at any 
time. The issuer must publicly announce any buyback, the planned volume thereof and the issue 
envisaged for repurchase at least 3 banking days in advance, and make sure that extensive 
transparency is given in the market. Once a buyback transaction has been carried out, it is not 
permitted to increase the issue in question for a period of one year. 
(h) 
If one of the requirements stated in the above provisions is not met, the issue will lose its Jumbo-
Pfandbrief status. Jumbo-Pfandbriefe which were issued before 28 April 2004 and have a volume

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
of less than EUR 1,000,000,000 retain Jumbo status notwithstanding (a) above, provided that the 
other requirements in the above provisions are fulfilled. 
The Minimum Requirements are supplemented by additional recommendations (Empfehlungen;  
- "Recommendations") and a code of conduct applicable to issuers of Jumbo-Pfandbriefe 
(Wohlverhaltensregeln für Emittenten - "Code of Conduct"). Neither the Recommendations nor the 
Code of Conduct are statutory provisions.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PFANDBRIEFE 
The definitions of the defined terms used below are specified in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Pfandbriefe below. 
The Pfandbriefe 
The Pfandbriefe will be issued as debt instruments in bearer form (Inhaberpfandbriefe) pursuant to 
§ 793 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) as covered notes governed by the German 
Pfandbrief Act, as amended from time to time. 
The Issuer may issue Pfandbriefe as Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) or Public Sector 
Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe). Mortgage and Public Sector Pfandbriefe are covered by separate 
pools of mortgage loans (in the case of Mortgage Pfandbriefe) or public loans (in the case of Public 
Sector Pfandbriefe), the sufficiency of which is determined by the Pfandbrief Act and monitored by an 
independent trustee (Treuhänder) appointed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). 
The Pfandbriefe may be issued with the following structures: 
1. Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe (including Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe); 
 
2. Floating Rate Pfandbriefe (including Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe); and 
 
3. Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
 
Pfandbriefe will be redeemed at the maturity date at a redemption amount in the Specified Currency or 
another currency which may not be less than the principal amount of the Pfandbriefe. Hence, Pfandbriefe 
with a derivative component in relation to the redemption amount within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation will not be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Holding of Pfandbriefe in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility 
If the recognition of the Pfandbriefe as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem is intended, the following applies: 
(a) 
If the Pfandbriefe are issued in the form of a 'Classical Global Note', the 'Classical Global Note' 
is intended to be deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt which does not 
necessarily mean that the Pfandbriefe will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility); or 
(b) 
If the Pfandbriefe are issued in the form of a 'New Global Note', the Pfandbriefe are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the international central securities depositaries (ICSDs) as 
common safekeeper which does not necessarily mean that the Pfandbriefe will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility). 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe 
In the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe, the rate of interest on the basis of which periodic interest payments 
are calculated will be specified before the issue date of the Pfandbriefe. 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe may be issued with one or more interest periods. If Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe are 
issued with more than one interest period, they may be issued as Step-up or as Step-down Pfandbriefe 
or in the combination of a classical Fixed Rate Pfandbrief over a certain term and with a step-up or step-
down element of interest for a succeeding term. Step-up Pfandbriefe provide for predetermined fixed 
rates of interest which increase over the term of the Pfandbriefe. Step-down Pfandbriefe provide for 
predetermined fixed rates of interest which decrease over the term of the Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe  
In the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe, the interest rate on the basis of which the amount of interest 
payable to the Pfandbriefholders is calculated is not specified at the issue date of the Pfandbriefe. 
Instead, the rate at which interest accrues changes over time and only the relevant variable rate on which 
the rate of interest on the Pfandbriefe is based is specified. Floating Rate Pfandbriefe may be issued with 
a structure where the interest rate applicable to the Floating Rate Pfandbriefe is based on a reference 
rate such as the Euribor, SONIA®, SOFR® or the €STR® (the "Reference Rate") or a swap rate such as 
the constant maturity swap rate ("CMS" and the "CMS Rate"). 
The source for the determination of the relevant Reference Rate or the CMS Rate, as applicable, and the 
source on which details of historic rates and the further performance as well as the volatility of the 
relevant Reference Rate or the CMS Rate, as applicable, will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate 
The Reference Rate may be either the Euribor, SONIA®, SOFR® or (once published) the €STR®.Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor) is a daily interest rate at which Eurozone banks offer to lend unsecured 
funds to other banks for a term of 1 week and on a monthly basis for a term of 1 month and 3, 6 and 12 
months. 
The Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA®) is a measure of the rate at which interest is paid on 
sterling short-term wholesale funds in circumstances where credit, liquidity and other risks are minimal. 
On each London business day, SONIA® is measured as the trimmed mean, rounded to four decimal 
places, of interest rates paid on eligible sterling denominated deposit transactions. SONIA® for the 
previous London business day is published by authorised distributors at 9 am. 
The Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR®) has been selected by the Alternative Reference Rate 
Committee (ARRC) as an alternative to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR®) and is published 
by the New York Fed since April 2018 and is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight 
collateralised by U.S. Treasury securities in the repurchase market. 
The Euro short-term rate (€STR®) reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
euro area banks and is published by the ECB since 2 October 2019. 
Each reference rate reflects the normal terms currently applying on the capital market for raising funds 
in the form of debt capital for the relevant period for which it has been determined (1 week and 1 and 3, 
6 and 12 months, as applicable).  
CMS Rate 
The CMS Rate is the CMS (constant maturity swap) which is an interest rate swap where the interest 
rate on one leg is reset periodically, but with reference to a market swap rate rather than Euribor. The 
other leg of the swap is Euribor but may be a fixed rate or potentially another constant maturity swap. 
Additional features of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe are linked to a Reference Rate or a CMS Rate, as the case may be, and may 
be structured in accordance with one or more of the following variants:  
(i) 
the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate represents the rate of interest applicable to the 
Pfandbriefe on a one to one basis; or  
(ii) 
a fixed rate of interest (margin) is added (premium) to the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate, 
depending on the credit rating of the Issuer, the maturity of the Pfandbriefe and the interest 
rates currently applying on the capital market for raising debt capital, i.e. the Reference Rate 
or the CMS Rate and the premium together produce the rate of interest applicable to the 
Pfandbriefe; or  
(iii) 
a fixed rate of interest (margin) is deducted (discount) from the Reference Rate or CMS 
Rate depending on the maturity of the Pfandbriefe and the interest rates currently applying 
on the capital market for raising debt capital, i.e. the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate after 
deducting the discount produces the rate of interest applicable to the Pfandbriefe; or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(iv) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate is limited to a lower 
minimum interest rate determined in advance (minimum rate of interest or "Floor"), i.e. 
even if the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate were to be lower than the Floor, the Floor 
would be applicable to the Pfandbriefe for the relevant interest period or the whole term of 
the Pfandbriefe; or 
(v) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate is limited to an upper 
maximum interest rate determined in advance (maximum rate of interest or "Cap"), i.e. 
even if the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate were to be higher than the Cap, the Cap would 
be applicable to the Pfandbriefe for the relevant interest period or the whole term of the 
Pfandbriefe; or 
(vi) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate is limited to a Floor and a 
Cap, i.e. even if the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate were to be lower than the Floor, the 
Floor would be applicable to the Pfandbriefe for the relevant interest period or the whole 
term of the Pfandbriefe or even if the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate were to be higher 
than the Cap, the Cap would be applicable to the Pfandbriefe for the relevant interest period 
or the whole term of the Pfandbriefe; or 
(vii) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate is multiplied with a factor, 
i.e. the Reference Rate or the CMS Rate multiplied with the factor produce the rate of 
interest applicable to the Pfandbriefe ; or 
(viii) 
prior to the term of the floating rate term the Pfandbriefe provide for one or more fixed rate 
interest period(s) which are connected upstream to the floating rate interest periods, i.e. the 
Pfandbriefe first provide for interest payments based on a fixed rate of interest and after 
completion of such fixed rate interest period(s), the Pfandbriefe provide for interest 
payments based on a floating rate of interest which may be structured as (i) through (vii) 
above. 
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe 
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe are Pfandbriefe with no periodic payment of interest. Return on Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe occurs as a one-time payment at maturity in the form of a redemption amount that is higher 
than the issue price.  
Information regarding Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
In the case of Pfandbriefe with a variable interest rate, the interest rate payable on the Pfandbriefe and, 
therefore, the value of the Pfandbriefe increases if the value of the relevant Reference Rate or CMS Rate 
increases and the interest rate payable on the Pfandbriefe and therefore the value of the Pfandbriefe 
decreases if the underlying decreases. 
Due dates for interest payments and calculation of the amount of interest (except for Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe) 
Interest payments may be made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually. The amount of interest 
payable in respect of the Pfandbriefe is calculated by applying the relevant interest rate for the interest 
period concerned and the day count fraction to the par value of the Pfandbriefe. 
Redemption of the Pfandbriefe at maturity 
Pfandbriefe issued under the terms of this Base Prospectus have a maturity which is determined at the 
issue date. Prior to the issue date of the Pfandbriefe, the Issuer determines the maturity date on which it 
is obliged to redeem the Pfandbriefe and the Issuer determines the amount at which it is obliged to 
redeem them. 
Early redemption of the Pfandbriefe 
Optional rights of early redemption 
The Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe may provide for right of early termination at the option of 
the Issuer at predetermined early redemption dates at predetermined early redemption amount(s).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Pfandbriefe will not in any event be redeemable prior to their stated maturity for taxation reasons or at 
the option of the Pfandbriefholders. 
The early redemption of the Pfandbriefe in accordance with the above-mentioned early redemption right 
occurs at an amount which is equal to the principal amount of the Pfandbriefe (or, with respect to the 
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe, equal to or above their issue price). 
Status of the Pfandbriefe 
Pfandbriefe constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves. Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the Pfandbrief Act and rank, 
unless provided otherwise by law, pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer arising from Public 
Sector Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe) or Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PFANDBRIEFE AND RELATED INFORMATION 
This section "Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and Related Information" comprises the 
following parts: 
 
I. 
General Information; 
 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German language version); 
 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (English language version); and 
 
IV. 
Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
I. 
General information 
Issue Procedures 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Pfandbriefe 
 
The terms and conditions of the Pfandbriefe (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth in the following 
3 options (each an "Option" and, together, the "Options"): 
 
Option I applies to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe (including Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe). 
 
Option II applies to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe (including Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe). 
 
Option III applies to Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
 
 
Type A and Type B 
 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or 
potentially a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets 
and corresponding comments. 
 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Pfandbriefe and as documented by the relevant Final 
Terms either in the form of "Type A" or in the form of "Type B": 
 
Type A 
 
If Type A applies to a Series of Pfandbriefe the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Pfandbriefe (the "Conditions") will be determined as follows: 
 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall 
apply to the relevant Series of Pfandbriefe by inserting such Option in the Final Terms Part I and will 
(ii) specify and complete such Option so inserted, respectively. 
 
Where Type A applies, the Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
 
Type B 
 
If Type B applies to a Series of Pfandbriefe the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Pfandbriefe (the "Conditions") will be determined as follows: 
 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall 
apply to the relevant Series of Pfandbriefe and will (ii) specify and complete the variables that shall be 
applicable to such Series of Pfandbriefe by completing the relevant tables pertaining to the chosen 
Option contained in PART I of the Final Terms. 
 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed tables pertaining to the relevant Option in PART I of the 
Final Terms, and (ii) the relevant Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions will be attached to 
the respective Global Note. In such case, Pfandbriefholders have to use the information set out in Part I 
of the relevant Final Terms and read it together with the relevant Terms and Conditions by filling in 
relevant information into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions and by 
reading information provided in Part I of the Relevant Final Terms into the placeholders and options of 
the relevant Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Language 
 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Pfandbriefe will determine whether the German or the English 
language version of the Terms and Conditions shall be controlling and binding. A translation into the 
English or German language version respectively will be provided for convenience only but will not be 
part of the Final Terms relating to such Series of Pfandbriefe. 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Pfandbriefe may also determine that the Terms and Conditions 
are written in the German or in the English language only.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (German language version) 
 
Option I: 
Emissionsbedingungen für 
Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Pfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Pfandbriefe) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die "Serie") von [Im Fall von hypothekengedeckten Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Im Fall von öffentlichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
Öffentlichen Pfandbriefen] (die "Pfandbriefe") der UniCredit Bank AG (die "Emittentin") wird 
am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der "Ausgabetag") in Form von Inhaberpfandbriefen auf der 
Grundlage dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen (die "Pfandbriefbedingungen") in [Festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] (der "Gesamtnennbetrag") in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
(die "Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag (der "Austauschtag") nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen, wonach der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-
Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die 
Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten) (die "Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-
Eigentum"), gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" und, 
zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die "Globalurkunden" und einzeln jeweils 
eine "Globalurkunde") ausgetauscht. [Falls CBL und Euroclear als Clearingsystem 
bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Pfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefgläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf 
Ausgabe 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
in 
effektiver 
Form. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
sind 
als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Clearing Systems übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft. 
"U.S.-Personen" sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 
1933 definiert sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten 
sowie amerikanische Kapital- und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei 
berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und die eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift 
eines unabhängigen Treuhänders der Emittentin, der von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht "BaFin" bestellt wurde [Im Falle einer anderen Stelle als 
UniCredit Bank AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie 
nachstehend in § 5 definiert)].]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die "Globalurkunde"), die die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und die 
eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift eines unabhängigen Treuhänders der 
Emittentin, der von der Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht "BaFin" bestellt 
wurde, [Im Falle einer anderen Stelle als UniCredit Bank AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in 
§ 5 
bestimmt) 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert)] trägt. Die 
Inhaber der Pfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefgläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe 
von Pfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Pfandbriefe sind als Miteigentumsanteile an der 
Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearing Systems übertragbar. 
Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt. 
"Clearing System" [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][sind Clearstream 
Banking société anonyme, Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear")][(CBL und Euroclear sind jeweils ein "ICSD" (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die "ICSDs")][anderes Clearing System einfügen]. 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle ("Common Safekeeper") im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Büchern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die 
Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die 
Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe 
abgezogen. [Falls die Pfandbriefe aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall 
der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in § 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der 
ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Pfandbriefgläubiger weitere Pfandbriefe mit 
gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Pfandbriefen zusammengefasst

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der Pfandbriefe 
erhöhen. Der Begriff "Pfandbriefe" umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebene Pfandbriefe. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden zu ihrem ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr 
verzinst. Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der 
Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder 
einer Anpassung], gemäß § 4 (2) nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen 
des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig. Die erste Zinszahlung wird, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß 
§ 4 (2), am [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] erfolgen. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen ersten Kupons, 
einfügen: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, 
einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung] [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. [Im Falle eines 
kurzen/langen letzten Kupons, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [Zinszahltag, der dem 
Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) 
belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, einfügen] je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung]. 
[[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. 
(2) 
"Zinssatz" meint 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die keine Stufenzins-Pfandbriefe sind, einfügen: 
 
[jährlichen Festzinssatz einfügen]. 
"Zinszahltag" meint den [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] sowie 
den Fälligkeitstag.] 
[Im Fall von Stufenzins Pfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
im Hinblick auf einen Zinszahltag den Prozentsatz, der in der Spalte 
"Zinssatz" der nachstehenden Tabelle für den jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
vorgesehenen ist. 
"Zinszahltag(e)" meint jeden Tag, der in der nachstehenden Tabelle in der 
Spalte "Zinszahltag" aufgeführt ist: 
Zinszahltag 
Zinssatz 
[erster Zinszahltag]  
[Zinssatz] 
[Für jeden weiteren Zinszahltag, einfügen:  
[Zinszahltag einfügen] 
 
[Zinssatz]] 
Fälligkeitstag 
[Zinssatz]] 
 
(3) 
Die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags (der "Zinsbetrag") erfolgt, indem das Produkt aus Zinssatz und 
Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(4) 
"Zinstagequotient" ist bei der Berechnung des auf einen Pfandbrief entfallenden Zinsbetrags für 
jeglichen Zeitraum (der "Berechnungszeitraum") 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, 
in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen: 
  
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; 
und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der 
[Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der 
[Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen 
werden].] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe 
aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 
365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl 
der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit 
jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der elttze Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als en auf 30 Tage 
verlägerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es 
sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist 
größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl 
der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit 
jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der letzte Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat 
Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es 
sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen 
(deutsche Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es 
sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, 
in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag 
des Februars, jedoch nicht der Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) 
bis zum letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag[, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call 
Option)]) 
[(1)] Die Pfandbriefe werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") in Höhe [der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung][des 
Gesamtnennbetrags][anderer 
Betrag]1 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag") zur Rückzahlung fällig. 
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] "Kündigungstermin") die Pfandbriefe 
vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage 
(wie 
nachstehend 
in 
§ 4(2) 
definiert)][Monate] 
[und] 
[höchstens] 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage (wie nachstehend in § 4(2) definiert)][Monate] vor 
dem [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Pfandbriefe 
werden 
zum 
[betreffenden] 
Kündigungstermin 
zum 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den Vorschriften des 
§ 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag") [je Pfandbrief] [der 
Pfandbriefe] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, 
der/die nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin einschließlich aller Zinsen, die 
bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen.] 
Die in diesem Absatz (1) genannten Beträge sowie alle weiteren gemäß diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der Euro 
ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die 
kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden]  
                                                     
1 Entspricht mindestens der Höhe des Gesamtnennbetrags.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 (2) 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe (der "Zahltag") auf einen 
Tag, der kein Bankgeschäftstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Pfandbriefgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen auf Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend 
angepasst.] 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die 
Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
zahlt die fälligen Beträge an das Clearing System zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten 
der Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Pfandbriefgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearing 
System befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Pfandbriefen. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Pfandbriefen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen2 verzinst. Diese 
Verzinsung beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf 
des Tages, der der tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
                                                     
2  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens 
ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, 
erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 definiert) 
durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearing System.] 
 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 München, Deutschland][Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom][andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die "Hauptzahlstelle"). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die 
"Zahlstellen") ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der 
Widerruf ist gemäß § 8 mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle 
ernannt wurde, einfügen].] 
[(2) 
Die [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 München, Deutschland,] [Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom,] [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (die "Berechnungsstelle").] 
([2][3]) Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder die 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als 
Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als 
zusätzliche Zahlstelle] [, bzw. eine andere Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis 
als Berechnungsstelle] zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 8 
mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Pfandbriefen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfe[n] der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Pfandbriefgläubigern und 
[steht][stehen] in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und 
die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB 
befreit. 
[([4][5]) 
Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der 
Berechnungsstelle endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Pfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich.] 
 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe werden nur nach Abzug und Einbehalt gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger 
Steuern, Abgaben oder staatlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die unter jedwedem anwendbaren 
Rechtssystem oder in jedwedem Land, das die Steuerhoheit beansprucht, von oder im Namen einer 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde des Landes, die zur Steuererhebung ermächtigt ist, auferlegt, erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden (die "Steuern") geleistet, soweit ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist. Die Emittentin hat gegenüber den zuständigen Regierungsbehörden Rechenschaft 
über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern abzulegen.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Pfandbriefen sind unmittelbare, unbedingte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach 
Maßgabe des Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und stehen, sofern gesetzlich nicht anders vorgeschrieben, 
mindestens im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen nicht-nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus [Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Im Fall von Öffentlichen 
Pfandbriefen einfügen: Öffentlichen Pfandbriefen]. 
 
§ 8 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit 
gesetzlich erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des 
Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr 
möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie 
mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als 
bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, 
wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) 
als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Pfandbriefgläubiger. 
Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Pfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die 
Emittentin die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Pfandbriefgläubiger übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Pfandbriefe 
notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten 
[TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem 
Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die Pfandbriefgläubiger 
bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: "TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
 
§ 9 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Pfandbriefe am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Pfandbriefe können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur 
Entwertung übermittelt werden. 
 
§ 10 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
 
§ 11 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
von Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist 
durch eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
 
§ 12 
(Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Erfüllungsort ist München. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
(4) 
Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(4)  
Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
Option II: 
Emissionsbedingungen für 
variable verzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Pfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Pfandbriefe) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die "Serie") von [Im Fall von hypothekengedeckten Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Im Fall von öffentlichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
Öffentlichen Pfandbriefen] (die "Pfandbriefe") der UniCredit Bank AG (die "Emittentin") wird 
am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der "Ausgabetag") in Form von Inhaberpfandbriefen auf der 
Grundlage dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen (die "Pfandbriefbedingungen") in [Festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] (der "Gesamtnennbetrag") in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
(die "Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag (der "Austauschtag") nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen, wonach der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-
Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die 
Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten) (die "Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-
Eigentum"), gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" und, 
zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkundedie "Globalurkunden" und einzeln jeweils 
eine "Globalurkunde") ausgetauscht. [Falls CBL und Euroclear als Clearingsystem 
bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Pfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefgläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf 
Ausgabe 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
in 
effektiver 
Form. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
sind 
als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Clearing Systems übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft. 
"U.S.-Personen" sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 
1933 definiert sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten 
sowie amerikanische Kapital- und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei 
berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und die eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift 
eines unabhängigen Treuhänders der Emittentin, der von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht "BaFin" bestellt wurde [Im Fall einer anderen Stelle als 
UniCredit Bank AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie 
nachstehend in § 5 definiert)].]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die "Globalurkunde"), die die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und die 
eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift eines unabhängigen Treuhänders der 
Emittentin, der von der Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht "BaFin" bestellt 
wurde [Im Fall einer anderen Stelle als UniCredit Bank AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 
bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten 
der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert)] trägt. Die Inhaber der Pfandbriefe 
(die "Pfandbriefgläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von Pfandbriefen in 
effektiver Form. Die Pfandbriefe sind als Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach 
den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearing Systems übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche 
sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt. 
"Clearing System" [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][sind Clearstream 
Banking société anonyme, Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear")][(CBL und Euroclear sind jeweils ein "ICSD" (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die "ICSDs")][anderes Clearing System einfügen].  
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle ("Common Safekeeper") im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Büchern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die 
Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die 
Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe 
abgezogen. [Falls die Pfandbriefe aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall 
der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in § 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der 
ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Pfandbriefgläubiger weitere Pfandbriefe mit 
gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Pfandbriefen zusammengefasst 
werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der Pfandbriefe 
erhöhen. Der Begriff "Pfandbriefe" umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebene Pfandbriefe. 
 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden zu ihrem ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr 
verzinst. Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der 
Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt (wie in § 4 bestimmt): oder einer 
Anpassung] gemäß § 4 (2) nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 4 
(1) zur Zahlung fällig.  
"Zinszahltag" ist 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
für den Zeitraum, in dem die Pfandbriefe fest verzinst werden (der "Festzinszeitraum"), 
jeder [festgelegtes Zinszahlungsdatum einfügen] [eines Jahres] 
und für den Zeitraum, in dem die Pfandbriefe variabel verzinst werden (der "Variable 
Zinszeitraum"): 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
jeder [festen Zinszahltag einfügen] [jedes Jahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag], 
beginnend mit [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen 
Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen: 
 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Pfandbriefbedingungen anderweitig 
festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen 
Zinszahltag [sowie der Fälligkeitstag], beginnend mit [ersten Zinszahltag 
einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Bei festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen ohne einen ersten langen/kurzen Kupon 
einfügen:  
 
jeder [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] 
[sowie der Fälligkeitstag]]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen mit erstem langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen: 
 
Der erste Zinszahltag und danach [jeder][der] [feste(n) 
Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie der 
Fälligkeitstag].] 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen:  
 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Pfandbriefbedingungen anderweitig 
festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen 
Zinszahltag 
oder, 
im 
Fall 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahltags, 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt [, sowie der Fälligkeitstag].] 
"Zinsperiode" ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahltag (ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
folgenden Zinszahltag (ausschließlich).  
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz")  
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
während des Festzinszeitraums ist für jede in den Festzinszeitraum 
fallende Zinsperiode [festen Zinssatz in % pro Jahr einfügen]  
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der 
Zinsbetrag für die erste Zinsperiode auf [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung beläuft] [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].] 
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den 
Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend 
anders angegeben,] 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben]  
der Referenzsatz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im 
Falle einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: "Marge" ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
"Referenzsatz" ist  
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen außer Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") variabel 
verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen:] 
 
[im Fall von Pfandbriefen, bei denen der Referenzsatz nicht SONIA®, 
SOFR® oder €STR® ist, einfügen: der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats 
[Euribor] Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) für 
Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des 
Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird]] [Im Fall von SONIA® als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: der "Sterling Overnight Index Average"

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
("SONIA®") für den jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 9.00 Uhr (Londoner Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die 
relevante Zinsperiode gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA®" 
bezeichnet 
den 
nach 
der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit dem 
täglichen SONIA® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von 
der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der 
folgenden Formel berechnet: 
               
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von 
eins bis do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils 
einen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag vom, und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstages der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
"p"  
 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem folgenden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
"SONIA®i-pLBD"  
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag 
in dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den 
SONIA® 
Referenzsatz 
an 
dem 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag, 
der 
"p" 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungszeitraum"  
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der 
fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor einem 
solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an 
dem die Pfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar werden).]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "US-Dollar 
Overnight Financing Rate" ("SOFR®") für den jeweiligen US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) 
am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag auf der Bildschirmseite erscheint, 
wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der 
folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR®" 
bezeichnet 
den 
nach 
der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der 
täglichen SOFR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von 
der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der 
folgenden Formel berechnet: 
                 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von 
eins bis do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils 
einen US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag vom, 
und einschließlich des, ersten US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstages der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
"SOFR®i-pUSBD"  
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR® Referenzsatz 
an dem US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag, der 
"p" US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungszeitraum" 
 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der 
fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor 
einem 
solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
vorhanden), an dem die Pfandbriefe fällig und 
zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "Euro short-term rate" 
("€STR®") für den jeweiligen TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag entspricht, 
die ab 9.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag 
erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode 
nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
 
"Compounded 
Daily 
€STR®" 
bezeichnet 
den 
nach 
der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der 
täglichen €STR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von 
der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der 
folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
"d" bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins 
bis do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag 
vom, 
und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstages der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
"p" 
  
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen].  
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem folgenden TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
"€STR®i-pTBD"  
 bezeichnet für jeden TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag 
in dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den 
€STR® 
Referenzsatz 
an 
dem 
TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstag, 
der 
"p" 
TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungszeitraum" 
 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET2-
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer 
solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Pfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar werden).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet 
auf die fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem 
ersten Zinszahltag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet 
wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] 
Angebotssatz 
(jeweils 
ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen 
in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 
Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag 
angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem 
Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird 
anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Euribor-] [[US-Dollar] Angebotssatz (jeweils 
ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen 
in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 
Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag 
angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht 
zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz angezeigt 
werden, 
so 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
jede[r] 
Referenzbank bitten, ihren Satz, zu dem sie führenden 
Banken im [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone] gegen 11:00 Uhr, [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit, 
am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode in 
Höhe 
eines 
repräsentativen 
Betrags 
anbieten, 
zur 
Verfügung zu stellen. 
Falls 
mindestens 
zwei 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, 
ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
dieser 
Angebotssätze 
(falls 
erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten [Im Fall des 
Euribor 
als 
Referenzsatz 
einfügen: 
eintausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,0005] aufgerundet wird).

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfeststellungstag nur eine oder keine 
Referenzbank der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellt, ist der entsprechende Referenzsatz das 
arithmetische Mittel (wie oben beschrieben gerundet) der 
Sätze, zu denen Großbanken in [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: der Euro-Zone], die durch die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) 
ausgewählt wurden, gegen 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor 
als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler Zeit] an diesem 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
führenden 
europäischen 
Banken 
Darlehen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
für 
die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen 
Betrags anbieten. 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of 
England 
(der 
"Einlagenzinssatz"), 
der 
bei 
Geschäftsschluss 
am 
jeweiligen 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der 
Zinsspannen von SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz der 
letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® veröffentlicht 
wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, 
wenn es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine 
dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten 
Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste 
Zinsspanne 
gibt, 
nur 
eine 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die Bank of 
England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder 
(ii) zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen soll, 
veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise 
praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von 
SONIA® für die Zwecke der Pfandbriefe anschließen, so 
lange wie SONIA® nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von 
autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
von 
der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der 
Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen 
Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen 
solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Pfandbriefe für die 
erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die 
Pfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie 
die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden.]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis 
als 
auch 
ein 
SOFR® 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR® des letzten US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags, an dem der SOFR® auf 
der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtag 
vorliegt, 
gilt 
der 
Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), 
der als Ersatz für den SOFR® vom Federal Reserve Board 
und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, der vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, um einen 
Ersatz für den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von 
einer Federal Reserve Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen 
Behörde 
festgelegt 
werden 
kann) 
vorzugeben, 
vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb 
eines US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, der 
Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) 
Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
New 
York 
Bankgeschäftstage wären, (iii) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Index Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR 
Index Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen 
auf SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtage Bezugnahmen auf 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtage wären und weiterhin 
vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb 
eines US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde und 
ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis vorliegt, der Zinssatz 
für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR® 
Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) 
Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf die 
FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage Verweise auf New York 
Bankgeschäftstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die 
Bildschirmseite Verweise auf die Website der Federal 
Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
"FOMC Target Rate" bezeichnet den kurzfristigen 
Zinssatz festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market 
Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York oder, wenn das Federal Open Market Committee 
keinen einzelnen Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des 
kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt durch das Federal Open 
Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der 
unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
"U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden 
Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für 
den die Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association die ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen 
für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im 
Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
"OBFR" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jeden 
Zinsfeststellungstag die tägliche Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate 
hinsichtlich 
des 
jenem 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
vorangehenden New Yorker Bankgeschäftstags, wie von 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als Administrator 
(oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines solchen 
Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an 
einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt 
wird. 
"OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf das OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an 
dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht oder der Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
"OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a)      eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b)     
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu 
dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c)      eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US 
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der 
USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR, die auf alle 
Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, 
ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet. 
"SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag" meint in Bezug auf 
das SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab 
dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate) die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden 
kann.   
"SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
zu 
dieser 
Zeit 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu 
dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US 
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der 
USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, 
verbietet.] 
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen 
Zinsfeststellungstag auf der [Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die 
Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die Europäische 
Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von €STR® oder 
(ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, 
in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, 
solchen 
Leitlinien 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
€STR®i 
anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der 
Pfandbriefe nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten 
Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist.   
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den 
vorstehenden Bestimmungen von [der Berechnungsstelle] 
[●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige 
des letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein 
oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für 
solche Pfandbriefe für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar 
gewesen wäre, wären die Pfandbriefe für einen Zeitraum 
von gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum 
Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
"Zinsfeststellungstag" bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] 
[andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor 
oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET2] [Falls der Referenzssatz der 
SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag [vor] [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: 
"TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: "[Londoner] [Falls 
der Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der 
Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-
System (TARGET2).] 
"Bildschirmseite" ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder 
eine diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
"Referenzbanken" sind vier Großbanken im [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone], die von 
der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) bestimmt werden. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: "Euro-Zone" 
bezeichnet die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung 
(EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des 
Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der 
Administrator 
des 
[Euribor] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
zahlungsunfähig 
wird 
oder 
ein 
Insolvenz-, 
Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator 
betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
anderweitig 
eingestellt 
ist 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Einstellungsereignis"), soll der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch 
Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-Referenzsatz"):  
(I) 
Der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den 
Administrator des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], die

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz für den [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] und für die Dauer des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
bekannt gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem 
Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz für 
Pfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher 
alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit 
geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel 
verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte 
Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein 
solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke 
einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, 
die Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder 
einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen 
Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat), einzuholen und auf diese zu 
vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer 
des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und der jeweiligen 
Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem 
allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere 
Quelle in Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwendet werden soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der 
"maßgebliche Zeitpunkt") gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich 
vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten 
entsprechend. 
Die 
Emittentin 
informiert 
anschließend 
die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 8.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin 
einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder 
die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu 
erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Pfandbriefe vor 
Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis 
(IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die 
Pfandbriefe ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Pfandbriefe 
werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den Pfandbriefgläubigern 
gemäß § 8 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe 
entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder 
das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben, 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden 
[Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei 
jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die 
unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die 
Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle 
einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, 
einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, 
wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die Marge verringert.] 
Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe entscheidet, 
findet derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity 
Swap Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der 
Bildschirmseite zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen.  
"Bildschirmseite" ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder 
eine diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder kein [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-
Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt werden, so wird die 
Berechnungsstelle die Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl 
von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres-CMS-Sätze ungefähr zur Referenzsatzzeit 
am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze (falls 
erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste 
(oder, bei mehreren höchsten, eines davon) und das niedrigste (oder, bei 
mehreren niedrigsten, eines davon) Angebot gestrichen werden. 
"Referenzsatzzeit " ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
"Referenzbanken" sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-
Markt, die von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden 
(§ 315 BGB). 
"Zinsfeststellungstag" ist der [zweite] [erste] [letzte] [andere Anzahl 
einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankgeschäftstag 
[vor 
dem] 
[Beginn][Ende] 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftsstag einfügen: "TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Londoner] 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-
System (TARGET2).] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz 
nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft 
oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator 
betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzsatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein "Einstellungsereignis"), soll der 
Referenzsatz durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz 
durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-Referenzsatz"):  
(I) 
Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der 
durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes, die zuständige 
Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes 
bekannt gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem 
Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) 
als Referenzsatz für Pfandbriefe in der jeweiligen Währung mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; 
oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden 
kann);  
(III) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der 
relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher 
alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von 
der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht 
(aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, 
unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, 
einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung der Dauer des Referenzsatzes und der jeweiligen 
Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem 
allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere 
Quelle in Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
verwendet werden soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der 
"maßgebliche Zeitpunkt") gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
und 
jede 
Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen 
Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und 
die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die Emittentin 
informiert anschließend die Pfandbriefgläubiger gemäß § 8.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die 
bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des 
Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu 
erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Pfandbriefe vor 
Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie 
oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin 
ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe ganz [oder 
teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Pfandbriefe werden entsprechend der 
Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit 
etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin wird den Pfandbriefgläubigern gemäß § 8 eine solche 
Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe 
entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder 
das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben, 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden 
[Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei 
jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die 
unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die 
Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle 
einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, 
einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, 
wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die Marge verringert.] 
Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)][●]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe entscheidet, 
findet derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz")  
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
ist während des Festzinszeitraums für jede Zinsperiode in dem 
Festzinszeitraum [Festzinssatz in % pro Jahr einfügen].

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der 
Zinsbetrag für die erste Zinsperiode auf [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] je 
festgelegte Stückelung beläuft] [[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] bezogen auf 
den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].] 
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den 
Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend 
anders angegeben,] 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben] 
der maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor 
einfügen]], [Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
"ISDA-Satz" bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz 
entspricht, der vom Calculation Agent im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion bestimmt 
werden würde, wenn der Calculation Agent für diese Swap-Transaktion als 
Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, und zwar gemäß den Bestimmungen einer 
Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Derivative Definitions von 2006 
in der zum Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter www.isda.org (oder einer 
Nachfolgewebsite) 
veröffentlichten 
Fassung 
(die 
"ISDA 
Definitionen") 
zum 
Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf 
dem Euro-Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz ("Euribor") für eine Währung basiert: der 
erste Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option 
für eine Währung nicht auf dem Euribor beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum 
einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) "Variabler Zinssatz" (Floating Rate), 
"Berechnungsstelle" (Calculation Agent), "Variable Zinssatz-Option" (Floating Rate 
Option), "Bezeichnete Laufzeit" (Designated Maturity) und "Reset-Datum" (Reset Date) 
dieselbe Bedeutung, die diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und 
(ii) bezeichnet "Euro-Zone" die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) 
Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils 
aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen: (3)  
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen 
ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen].]]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
[(3)][(4)] 
Der Zinsbetrag (der "Zinsbetrag") wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet, indem 
das Produkt aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird. 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der 
Hauptzahlstelle und jeder Börse, an der die Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder 
gehandelt werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach 
ihrer Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage einfügen] auf die 
Berechnung folgenden Bankgeschäftstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der Berechnungsstelle 
der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, 
an denen die Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie den 
Pfandbriefgläubigern gemäß § 8 mitgeteilt. 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die 
Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] abwickeln. 
[(5)][(6)] 
"Zinstagequotient" ist  
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
bei der Berechnung des auf einen Pfandbrief entfallenden Zinsbetrags für jeglichen 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (der 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, 
in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen:] 
  
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; 
und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der 
[Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der 
[Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen 
werden].] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe 
aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 
365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl 
der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit 
jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der elttze Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als en auf 30 Tage 
verlägerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es 
sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist 
größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl 
der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit 
jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der letzte Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat 
Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es 
sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen 
(deutsche Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen Pfandbrief für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß 
der nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es 
sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, 
in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag 
des Februars, jedoch nicht der Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) 
bis zum letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)]) 
[(1)] Die Pfandbriefe werden am [Im Fall eines festgelegten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: [Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen]] [Im Fall eines festgelegten Fälligkeitsmonats einfügen: Zinszahltag, der in den [Monat 
einfügen] des Jahres [Jahr einfügen]] (der "Fälligkeitstag") in Höhe [der Festgelegten

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Stückelung] [des Gesamtnennbetrages] [anderer Betrag]1 (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag") zur 
Rückzahlung fällig. 
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] "Kündigungstermin") die Pfandbriefe 
vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage 
(wie 
nachstehend 
in 
§ 4(2) 
definiert)][Monate] 
[und] 
[höchstens] 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage (wie nachstehend in § 4(2) definiert)][Monate] vor 
dem [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Pfandbriefe 
werden 
zum 
[betreffenden] 
Kündigungstermin 
zum 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den Vorschriften des 
§ 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag") [je Pfandbrief] [der 
Pfandbriefe] ist [sein Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, 
der/die nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b)  
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder]  
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin einschließlich aller Zinsen, die 
bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen.] 
Die in diesem Absatz (1) genannten Beträge sowie alle weiteren gemäß diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der Euro 
ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die 
kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden]  
 (2) 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe (der "Zahltag") auf einen 
Tag, der kein Bankgeschäftstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
                                                     
1 Entspricht mindestens der Höhe des Gesamtnennbetrags.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der Floating Rate Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird ein Zinszahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahltag der jeweils 
letzte Bankgeschäftstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere 
festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren 
Zinszahltag liegt.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Pfandbriefgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen auf Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend 
angepasst.] 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die 
Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] abwickeln. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
zahlt die fälligen Beträge an das Clearing System zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten 
der Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Pfandbriefgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearing 
System befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Pfandbriefen. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Pfandbriefen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen2 verzinst. Diese 
Verzinsung beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf 
des Tages, der der tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
                                                     
2  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens 
ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Schuld-verschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum 
(wie in § 1 definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearing System.] 
 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle) 
(1) 
Die [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 München, Deutschland][Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom][andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die "Hauptzahlstelle"). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die 
"Zahlstellen") ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der 
Widerruf ist gemäß § 8 mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle 
ernannt wurde, einfügen].] 
(2) 
Die [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 München, Deutschland,] [Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom,] [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (die "Berechnungsstelle"). 
(3) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle oder die Berechnungs-
stelle [oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle oder 
Berechnungsstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine 
andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle], bzw. 
eine andere Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle zu 
ernennen. Eine Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle [oder 
zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 8 mitzuteilen. 
(4) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle[, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle handeln im Zusammenhang 
mit den Pfandbriefen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, übernehmen keine 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Pfandbriefgläubigern und stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] und die 
Berechnungsstelle sind von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
(5) 
Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der 
Berechnungsstelle endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Pfandbriefgläubiger verbindlich. 
 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe werden nur nach Abzug und Einbehalt gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger 
Steuern, Abgaben oder staatlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die unter jedwedem anwendbaren 
Rechtssystem oder in jedwedem Land, das die Steuerhoheit beansprucht, von oder im Namen einer 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde des Landes, die zur Steuererhebung ermächtigt ist, auferlegt, erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden (die "Steuern") geleistet, soweit ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist. Die Emittentin hat gegenüber den zuständigen Regierungsbehörden Rechenschaft 
über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern abzulegen. 
 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Pfandbriefen sind unmittelbare, unbedingte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Maßgabe des Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und stehen, sofern gesetzlich nicht anders vorgeschrieben, 
mindestens im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen nicht-nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus [Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Im Fall von Öffentlichen 
Pfandbriefen einfügen: Öffentlichen Pfandbriefen]. 
 
§ 8 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit 
gesetzlich erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des 
Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr 
möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie 
mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als 
bewirkt.] 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, 
wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) 
als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Pfandbriefgläubiger. 
Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Pfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die 
Emittentin die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Pfandbriefe 
notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten 
[TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum Ort einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach 
dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: "TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag" ist 
ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem Geschäftsbanken in [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.].] 
 
§ 9 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Pfandbriefe am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Pfandbriefe können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur 
Entwertung übermittelt werden. 
 
§ 10 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
 
§ 11 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
von Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist 
durch eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
 
§ 12 
(Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Erfüllungsort ist München. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache angefasst sind, einfügen:  
(4) 
Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(4) 
Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 76 ---
76

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Option III: 
Emissionsbedingungen für 
Nullkupon Pfandbriefe 
 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Pfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Pfandbriefe) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die "Serie") von [Im Fall von hypothekengedeckten Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Im Fall von öffentlichen Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
Öffentlichen Pfandbriefen] (die "Pfandbriefe") der UniCredit Bank AG (die "Emittentin") wird 
am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der "Ausgabetag") in Form von Inhaberpfandbriefen auf der 
Grundlage dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen (die "Pfandbriefbedingungen") in [Festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] (der "Gesamtnennbetrag") in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
(die "Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag (der "Austauschtag") nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen, wonach der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefen keine U.S.-
Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die 
Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute halten) (die "Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-
Eigentum"), gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" und, 
zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkundedie "Globalurkunden" und einzeln jeweils 
eine "Globalurkunde") ausgetauscht. [Falls CBL und Euroclear als Clearingsystem 
bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Pfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefgläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf 
Ausgabe 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
in 
effektiver 
Form. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
sind 
als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Clearing Systems übertragbar. Die Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft. 
"U.S.-Personen" sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 
1933 definiert sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten 
sowie amerikanische Kapital- und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei 
berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und die eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift 
eines unabhängigen Treuhänders der Emittentin, der von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht "BaFin" bestellt wurde [Im Falle einer anderen Stelle als 
UniCredit Bank AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie 
nachstehend in § 5 definiert)].]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die "Globalurkunde"), die die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin und die 
eigenhändige oder faksimilierte Unterschrift eines unabhängigen Treuhänders der 
Emittentin, der von der Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht "BaFin" bestellt 
wurde, [Im Falle einer anderen Stelle als UniCredit Bank AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in 
§ 5 
bestimmt) 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert)] trägt. Die 
Inhaber der Pfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefgläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe 
von Pfandbriefen in effektiver Form. Die Pfandbriefe sind als Miteigentumsanteile an der 
Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearing Systems übertragbar. 
Die Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing 
System" [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][sind Clearstream Banking société 
anonyme, Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")][(CBL und Euroclear 
sind jeweils ein "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die 
"ICSDs")][anderes Clearing System einfügen].  
 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle ("Common Safekeeper") im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem jeweils in 
den Büchern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlungbzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und 
nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe abgezogen. [Falls die 
Pfandbriefe aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen 
Rückzahlung (wie in § 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der 
ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung 
des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB 
in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Pfandbriefgläubiger weitere Pfandbriefe mit 
gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Pfandbriefen zusammengefasst 
werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der Pfandbriefe 
erhöhen. Der Begriff "Pfandbriefe" umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebene Pfandbriefe. 
 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
[(1)] Während ihrer Laufzeit erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe. 
[Im Fall der Abhängigkeit des, auf den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
anfallenden, Verzugszinses von der Emissionsrendite, einfügen:  
(2) 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet für die Berechnung des auf einen Pfandbrief entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum (der "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum (einschließlich des 
ersten aber ausschließlich des letzten Tages dieser Periode) geteilt durch die 
tatsächlichen Tage in dem jeweiligen Kalenderjahr.] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe 
aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 
365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl 
der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit 
jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der elttze Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als en auf 30 Tage 
verlägerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)]) 
[(1)] Die Pfandbriefe werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") in Höhe [Falls die 
Pfandbriefe zu ihrer festgelegten Stückelung zurückgezahlt werden einfügen: der Festgelegten 
Stückelung] [Falls die Pfandbriefe zu einem anderen Betrag als Ihre festgelegte Stückelung 
zurückgezahlt werden einfügen: [Betrag einfügen] pro festgelegter Stückelung]] [Falls die 
Pfandbriefe 
zu 
ihrem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
einfügen: 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages] (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag") zur Rückzahlung fällig. 
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] "Kündigungstermin") die Pfandbriefe 
vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage 
(wie 
nachstehend 
in 
§4(2) 
definiert)][Monate] 
[und] 
[höchstens] 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage (wie nachstehend in §4(2) definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung 
ist unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Pfandbriefe werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag gemäß den Vorschriften 
des § 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag") [je Pfandbrief] [der 
Pfandbriefe] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, 
der/die nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
([2][3]) Falls die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] nicht 
bei Fälligkeit zahlt, wird dieser Betrag ab dem vorgesehenen Tag der Rückzahlung, bzw. dem 
Tag an dem der jeweilige Pfandbrief fällig wird bis zum Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung des jeweiligen Pfandbriefs vorangeht, Zinsen [in Höhe des 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 an][in Höhe eines Betrags, der der Summe entspricht aus:  
(a) 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] (der "Referenzpreis"), und 
(b) 
dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite in % einfügen] (die "Emissionsrendite") und dem 
Referenzpreis ab dem [Emissionstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zu dem vorgesehenen 
Tag der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) oder (soweit einschlägig) dem Tag, an dem die 
Pfandbriefe fällig werden, wobei die Emissionsrendite jährlich berechnet wird. 
Soweit die Berechnung für einen Zeitraum gemacht wird, der nicht einer vollen Anzahl an Jahren 
entspricht, wird die Berechnung in Bezug auf dem Zeitraum, der keinem vollen Jahr entspricht, 
auf der Basis des Zinstagequotienten (wie in § 2 definiert) vorgenommen.] 
 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
                                                     
1  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens 
ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(a) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(b) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin zu zahlen.] 
Die in diesem Absatz (1) genannten Beträge sowie alle weiteren gemäß diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der Euro 
ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die 
kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden]. 
(2) 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe (der "Zahltag") auf einen 
Tag, der kein Bankgeschäftstag ist, dann:  
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Pfandbriefgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag entsprechend angepasst.] 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden Tag (der kein Samstag oder Sonntag ist), an dem das 
Clearing System [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen 
benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2] geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn es sich bei der Festgelegten 
Währung nicht um Euro handelt oder wenn es aus anderen Gründen erforderlich ist, einfügen: 
und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [Alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] vornehmen]. 
["TARGET2" bezeichnet das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
zahlt die fälligen Beträge an das Clearing System zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten 
der Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Pfandbriefgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearing 
System befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Pfandbriefen.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Pfandbriefen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag [(soweit nicht bereits eine Verzinsung des fälligen Betrags anhand des gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinses gemäß des vorstehenden § 4 (2) erfolgt)] auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Satzes für Verzugszinsen2 verzinst. Diese Verzinsung beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der 
Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der tatsächlichen Zahlung 
vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, 
erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 definiert) 
durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearing System.] 
 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle und Zahlstelle) 
(1) 
Die [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 München, Deutschland][Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom][andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die "Hauptzahlstelle"). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die 
"Zahlstellen") ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der 
Widerruf ist gemäß § 8 mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle 
ernannt wurde, einfügen].] 
(2) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder eine zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu 
erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von internationalem Rang als 
Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der Stellung als 
Hauptzahlstelle [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 8 
mitzuteilen. 
(3) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle[, die Zahlstelle[n]] [handelt] [handeln] im Zusammenhang mit den 
Pfandbriefen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, [übernimmt] [übernehmen] 
keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Pfandbriefgläubigern und [steht] [stehen] in keinem 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [ist] 
[sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe werden nur nach Abzug und Einbehalt gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger 
Steuern, Abgaben oder staatlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die unter jedwedem anwendbaren 
Rechtssystem oder in jedwedem Land, das die Steuerhoheit beansprucht, von oder im Namen einer 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde des Landes, die zur Steuererhebung ermächtigt ist, auferlegt, erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden (die "Steuern") geleistet, soweit ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist. Die Emittentin hat gegenüber den zuständigen Regierungsbehörden Rechenschaft 
über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern abzulegen. 
 
                                                     
2  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern mindestens 
ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Pfandbriefen sind unmittelbare, unbedingte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach 
Maßgabe des Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und stehen, sofern gesetzlich nicht anders vorgeschrieben, 
mindestens im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen nicht-nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus [Im Fall von Hypothekenpfandbriefen einfügen: Hypothekenpfandbriefen] [Im Fall von Öffentlichen 
Pfandbriefen einfügen: Öffentlichen Pfandbriefen]. 
 
§ 8 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit 
gesetzlich erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des 
Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr 
möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie 
mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als 
bewirkt.] 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, 
wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) 
als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Pfandbriefgläubiger. 
Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Pfandbriefgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die 
Emittentin die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Pfandbriefe

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten 
[TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem 
Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die Pfandbriefgläubiger 
bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: "TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem Geschäftsbanken in [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.].] 
 
§ 9 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Pfandbriefe am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Pfandbriefe können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur 
Entwertung übermittelt werden. 
 
§ 10 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
 
§ 11 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
von Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist 
durch eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Pfandbriefbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
 
§ 12 
(Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Erfüllungsort ist München. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
(4) 
Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(4)  
Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe (English language version) 
 
Option I: 
Terms and Conditions of 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe 
 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Pfandbriefe, Issuance of Additional Pfandbriefe) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the "Series") of [In the case of mortgage Pfandbriefe, insert: mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe)] [In the case of public sector Pfandbriefe, insert: public 
sector Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe)] (the "Pfandbriefe") of UniCredit Bank AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in bearer form pursuant to 
these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") in [insert Specified Currency] (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(the "Aggregate Principal Amount") in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] 
(the "Specified Denomination"). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged 
for a permanent global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note", and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and each a "Global Note") on or after 
the 40th day after the Issue Date (the "Exchange Date") only upon delivery of 
certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. persons 
(other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions) (the "Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates"). [If CBL and 
Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefholders") are not entitled to receive 
definitive Pfandbriefe. The Pfandbriefe as co-ownership interests in the Global Notes may 
be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to 
receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
"U.S. persons" means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as 
American stock corporations and private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives 
of the Issuer and the manual or facsimile signatures of an independent trustee of the Issuer 
appointed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority ("BaFin") [In the case 
of an entity other than UniCredit Bank AG as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 5 
below), the following applies: as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the 
Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below)].] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Pfandbriefe are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the "Permanent Global 
Note" or "Global Note") without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile 
signatures of two authorised signatories of the Issuer and the manual or facsimile signatures 
of an independent trustee of the Issuer appointed by the German Federal Financial

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Supervisory Authority ("BaFin") [In the case of an entity other than UniCredit Bank AG 
as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 5 below), the following applies: as well as the 
manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below)]. The holders of the Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefholders") are not entitled to 
receive definitive Pfandbriefe. The Pfandbriefe as co-ownership interests in the Global Note 
may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to 
receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. "Clearing System" 
means [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][Clearstream Banking société anonyme, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear are 
individually referred to as an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the "ICSDs")] [insert different Clearing System].  
 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is 
not a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is 
a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper ("Common Safekeeper") on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the 
records of both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds 
for its customers reflecting the amount of such customer's interest in the Pfandbriefe) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be 
entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented 
by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Pfandbriefe 
so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the Pfandbriefe may be partially redeemed on 
the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in 
the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in § 3) relating to a partial 
redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable 
discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the 
Pfandbriefholders to issue additional Pfandbriefe with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Pfandbriefe. The term 
"Pfandbriefe" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from [insert 
Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") (including) to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. The respective 
Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day convention 
[If adjustment (as specified in § 4) is applicable, insert: or an adjustment] pursuant to § 4 (2), be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4 (1). The first 
payment of interest shall, subject to adjustment pursuant to § 4 (2), be made on [[insert first 
Interest Payment Date] [In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert: and will amount to [Initial 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [Initial Broken 
Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount] [In the case of a last 
short/long coupon, insert: Interest in respect of the period from [insert Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [[Final 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination] [[Final Broken 
Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount].] 
(2) 
"Interest Rate" means 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Step-up or Step-down Pfandbriefe, insert:  
 
[insert interest rate in per cent. per annum]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
and the Maturity Date.] 
[In the case of step- up or step-down Pfandbriefe, insert:  
 
in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the percentage relating to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date as set out in the column "Interest Rate" of the table below.  
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means each date which is set out under the column 
"Interest Payment Date" in the following table: 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Rate 
[first Interest Payment Date] 
[interest rate] 
[For each further Interest Payment Date, 
insert:  
[insert Interest Payment Date] 
 
[interest rate]] 
Maturity Date 
[interest rate]] 
 
(3) 
The calculation of the Interest Amount (the "Interest Amount") occurs by multiplying the 
product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the 
Aggregate Principal Amount].

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(4) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Pfandbrief for any period of time (the "Calculation Period") 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which 
it falls, insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation 
Period falls and (2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in 
any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of 
Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a 
year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest 
calculation method) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the 
case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Where:

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30.]] 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest 
calculation method)) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 
30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period.]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)]) 
[(1)]  The Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date") at [their 
Specified Denomination][the Aggregate Principal Amount][other amount]1 (the "Redemption 
Amount"). 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
(2) 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] "Call Date") redeem the Pfandbriefe in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give notice 
of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined 
in § 4 (2) below)] [and] [not more than] [insert number (not more than 30 Banking 
Days)][Banking Days (as defined in § 4 (2) below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date 
pursuant to § 8. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The 
Pfandbriefe will be redeemed at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued until the Call Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4.  
The Optional Redemption Amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount") [per Pfandbrief ] [of 
the Pfandbriefe] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal Amount] [as 
follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]] 
 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and  
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date including any interest accrued 
until the Call Date.]  
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms 
and Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the 
Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
 (2) 
If the due date for any payment under the Pfandbriefe (the "Payment Date") is not a Banking 
Day then  
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day.] 
                                                     
1 At least in an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Amount.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event 
the payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in 
respect of such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as 
described above, such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and 
TARGET2] [is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for 
other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal 
Paying Agent shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective 
accounts of the depository banks for transfer to the Pfandbriefholders. The payment to the 
Clearing System shall discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Pfandbriefe in the 
amount of such payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Pfandbriefe when due, accrual of interest on due 
amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law2. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding 
the effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: (5) 
Payments of interest on the Pfandbriefe 
represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. 
Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the relevant participants to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, 
Germany] [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
                                                     
2  
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] 
(the "Principal Paying Agent"). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the "Paying 
Agents") and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published 
pursuant to § 8. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying 
agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, Germany] 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the "Calculation 
Agent").] 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or 
any additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent 
[or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another 
bank of international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or 
another person or institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer 
of the functions of the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying 
Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 8. 
([3][4]) In connection with the Pfandbriefe, the Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and 
the Calculation Agent] act[s] solely as agent[s] of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Pfandbriefholders. The Principal 
Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] shall be exempt from the 
restrictions of §181 German Civil Code. 
[([4][5]) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Pfandbriefholders.] 
 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
Payments in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall only be made after deduction and withholding of current or 
future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, levied or 
collected (the "Taxes") under any applicable system of law or in any country which claims fiscal 
jurisdiction by or for the account of any political subdivision thereof or government agency therein 
authorised to levy Taxes, to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. The Issuer 
shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies.  
 
§ 7 
(Status) 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the 
Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) and rank, unless provided otherwise by law, at least pari passu with 
all other unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from [In the case of Mortgage Pfandbriefe insert: 
Mortgage] [In the case of Public Sector Pfandbriefe insert: Public Sector] Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
§ 8 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by 
the Stock Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is 
expected to be [insert newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this 
newspaper is no longer possible, the notices shall be published in another newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of 
the first of such publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock 
Exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert 
internet address]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Pfandbriefe to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Pfandbriefholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Pfandbriefholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which 
Pfandbriefe are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Pfandbriefholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[London] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] 
[insert other financial centre]].] 
 
§ 9 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Pfandbriefe in the market or otherwise and at any 
price. Pfandbriefe repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
§ 10 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is 
reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
 
§ 11 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as 
a result of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the 
Pfandbriefe and is in the interest of the parties. 
 
§ 12 
(Applicable Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Pfandbriefe, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Pfandbriefholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
Place of performance is Munich. 
(3) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters 
governed by the terms and conditions of these Pfandbriefe shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation 
is attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided:  
(4)  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation 
is attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Option II: 
Terms and Conditions of 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Pfandbriefe, Issuance of Additional Pfandbriefe) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the "Series") of [In the case of mortgage Pfandbriefe, insert: mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe)] [In the case of public sector Pfandbriefe, insert: public 
sector Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe)] (the "Pfandbriefe") of UniCredit Bank AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in bearer form pursuant to 
these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") in [insert Specified Currency] (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(the "Aggregate Principal Amount") in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] 
(the "Specified Denomination"). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged 
for a permanent global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note", and, together 
with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and each a "Global Note") on or after 
the 40th day after the Issue Date (the "Exchange Date") only upon delivery of 
certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. persons 
(other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions) (the "Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates"). [If CBL and 
Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefholders") are not entitled to receive 
definitive Pfandbriefe. The Pfandbriefe as co-ownership interests in the Global Notes may 
be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to 
receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
"U.S. persons" means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as 
American stock corporations and private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives 
of the Issuer and the manual or facsimile signatures of an independent trustee of the Issuer 
appointed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority ("BaFin") [In the case 
of an entity other than UniCredit Bank AG as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 5 
below), the following applies: as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the 
Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below)].] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Pfandbriefe are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the "Permanent Global 
Note" or "Global Note") without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile 
signatures of two authorised signatories of the Issuer and the manual or facsimile signatures 
of an independent trustee of the Issuer appointed by the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority ("BaFin") [In the case of an entity other than UniCredit Bank AG 
as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 5below), the following applies: as well as the 
manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below)]. The holders of the Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefholders") are not entitled to

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
receive definitive Pfandbriefe. The Pfandbriefe as co-ownership interests in the Global Note 
may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to 
receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. "Clearing System" 
means [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][Clearstream Banking société anonyme, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear are 
individually referred to as an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the "ICSDs")] [insert different Clearing System].  
 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is 
not a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is 
a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper ("Common Safekeeper") on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the 
records of both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds 
for its customers reflecting the amount of such customer's interest in the Pfandbriefe) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be 
entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented 
by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Pfandbriefe 
so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the Pfandbriefe may be partially redeemed on 
the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in 
the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in § 3) relating to a partial 
redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable 
discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the 
Pfandbriefholders to issue additional Pfandbriefe with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Pfandbriefe. The term 
"Pfandbriefe" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from [insert 
Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") (including) [for each 
Interest Period] to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate 
per annum. The respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the 
business day convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 4): or an adjustment] 
pursuant to § 4 (2), be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions 
in § 4 (1). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
for the period, during which the Pfandbriefe bear interest on a fixed rate basis (the 
"Fixed Interest Term"): 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]] 
and for the period, during which the Pfandbriefe bear interest on a floating rate basis 
(the "Floating Interest Term"): 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the 
Maturity Date] beginning with [first Interest Payment Date falling into 
the Floating Interest Term].] 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date [and the Maturity Date] beginning with [first 
Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].]  
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates without a first 
long/short coupon, insert:  
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year] [and the Maturity Date]]  
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates with a first long/short 
coupon, insert:  
 
the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter 
[each][the] [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of 
each year] [and the Maturity Date].]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date[, and the Maturity Date].]] 
"Interest Period" means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the 
first Interest Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the 
following Interest Payment Date (excluding) respectively. 
 [In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the "Interest Rate")  
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the 
Fixed Interest Term, will be [insert fixed interest rate in per cent. per 
annum]  
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest 
amount for the First Interest Period (as defined below) will be [[insert 
initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination] [[insert initial 
broken amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
the Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest 
Period falling into the Floating Interest Term, will, except as provided 
below, be:] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, 
insert:  
 
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be]  
 
the Reference Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the 
case of a Margin, insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: "Margin" means [insert percentage in per cent per 
annum].] 
"Reference Rate" means,  
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") Floating 
Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
[insert in case of Pfandbriefe where the Reference Rate is not SONIA®, 
SOFR® or €STR®: the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen 
Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
time, on the respective Interest Determination Date]] [If the Reference 
Rate is SONIA®, insert: the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA®") rate for the relevant London Banking Day which appears 
on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula.  
"Compounded Daily SONIA®" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA® as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following 
formula: 
 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of London Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"p" 
  
means [insert relevant definition].  
"ni" 
 for any day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from and including such day "i" up to but 
excluding the following London Banking Day; 
"SONIA®i-pLBD"  
 means, in respect of any London Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the 
SONIA® reference rate for the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period"  
 
means the period from and including the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling five 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Pfandbriefe become due and 
payable)] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight 
reference rate ("SOFR®") rate for the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 
p.m. (New York time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period 
pursuant to the following formula. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR®" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
"d" 
 means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day (as defined below) in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"p" 
 means [insert relevant definition].  
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from and including such day "i" up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day; 
"SOFR®i-pUSBD"  
means, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SOFR® reference rate for 
the U.S. Government Securities Banking Day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period"  
 
means the period from and including the date 
falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Pfandbriefe 
become due and payable).]  
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: the daily Euro short-term rate 
("€STR®") for the relevant TARGET2 Banking Day which appears on 
the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
"Compounded Daily €STR®" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of TARGET2 Banking Days 
since the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
TARGET2 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET2 Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"p"  
 
means [insert relevant definitions].  
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from and including such day "i" up to but 
excluding the following TARGET2 Banking Day; 
"€STR®i-pTBD"  
means, in respect of any TARGET2 Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the 
€STR® reference rate for the TARGET2 Banking 
Day falling "p" TARGET2 Banking Days prior to 
the relevant TARGET2 Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period"   
means the period from and including the date 
falling five TARGET2 Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling five TARGET2 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling five 
TARGET2 Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Pfandbriefe become due 
and payable). 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards.] 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends 
with the first Interest Payment Date, for which the 
Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation between the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] offered rate (each 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: 
Brussels] time, on the respective Interest Determination 
Date.)]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends 
with the Maturity Date, for which the Reference Rate will 
be 
the 
linear 
interpolation 
between 
the 
[insert 
number] month [Euribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] offered rate (each expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) each for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for the respective Interest Period which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
Euribor, 
insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such offered 
rate does not appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide its rate at which 
deposits in the Specified Currency are offered at approximately 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
time, on the respective Interest Determination Date to prime banks 
in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] 
interbank market for the respective Interest Period in a 
representative amount. 
If at least two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005] being rounded upwards) of such quotations. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as described above) of the rates quoted by major 
banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone], 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(§ 315 BGB), at approximately 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate 
is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on that Interest Determination 
Date for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for the respective Interest Period and in a representative 
amount. 
If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time, SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England’s bank rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of SONIA® to the Bank Rate over 
the previous five days on which SONIA® has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the 
Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA® 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
SONIA®, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent 
that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine SONIA® for the purpose of the 
Pfandbriefe for so long as SONIA® is not available or has 
not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would 
have been applicable to such Pfandbriefe for the first 
Interest Period had the Pfandbriefe been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time and, (1) unless both a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day for which SOFR® 
was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and SOFR® Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement 
for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank 
or other designated administrator), provided that, if no 
such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest 
Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) 
references to SOFR® where references to OBFR, (ii) 
references to U.S. Government Securities Banking Day 
were references to New York Banking Day, (iii) references 
to SOFR® Index Cessation Event were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided 
further that, if no such rate has been recommended within 
one U.S. Government Securities Banking Day of the 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate for each

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if (x) references to SOFR® were references to FOMC 
Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day were references to New York Banking Day 
and (z) references to the Screen Page were references to 
the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate 
target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the 
Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target 
range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website (calculated as 
the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target 
range and the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Banking Day" means any 
day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
"OBFR", 
means, 
with 
respect 
to 
any 
Interest 
Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate in respect of the New York Banking Day immediately 
preceding such Interest Determination Date as provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on 
the New York Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in 
respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on 
which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, 
or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events:  
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide OBFR; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will 
cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide 
OBFR; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that 
applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, 
including existing swap transactions. 
"SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in 
respect of a SOFR® Index Cessation Event, the date on 
which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR® Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be 
limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions.] 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: 
 
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the 
respective Interest Determination Date on the [insert screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European 
Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i for 
the purpose of the Pfandbriefe for so long as €STR®i is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate 
which would have been applicable to such Pfandbriefe for the first 
Interest Period had the Pfandbriefe been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [last] [second] [insert 
other number of days] [If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, 
insert: TARGET2] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: "TARGET2 
Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
TARGET2 is operational.]  
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: "[London] [insert other 
financial centre] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. 
Government Securities] Banking Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [If the 
Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the Reference Rate is 
SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert other financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement 
Page). 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] interbank market, which will be 
determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB).  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: "Euro-Zone" means the 
countries and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) 
No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.]  
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], (ii) the administrator of the 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ceases to calculate and publish 
the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a 
bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
is otherwise being discontinued (each a "Discontinuation Event"), the 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate 
determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in 
such order (the "Successor Reference Rate"): 
 
(I) The [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with the 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by the 
administrator of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the 
competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the 
successor rate for the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the term 
of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be used in

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined);   
 
(II) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in 
accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term 
for floating rate pfandbriefe in the respective currency; or (if such an 
alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
 
(III) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in 
accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate 
swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange 
traded interest rate futures in the relevant currency on a recognised 
futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures with regard to the 
Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference 
rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a 
rate, which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such 
determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of 
a reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution 
experienced with the type of calculations required at the time) in its 
reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and the relevant currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner based on the general market interest 
levels in the Federal Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall 
be used in connection with such successor reference rate (the "Successor 
Reference Rate"). From the date of the determination of the Successor 
Reference Rate (the "Relevant Date") any reference to the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be read as a reference to the Successor 
Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from 
the Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page 
and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Issuer shall thereafter inform the Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 
8. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] with a Successor Reference Rate, the Issuer may 
specify an interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in 
determining the Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the 
purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance of the Pfandbrief before the Discontinuation Event occurred 
and which is not to the economic detriment of the Pfandbriefholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) 
through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the Pfandbriefe 
in whole [or in part]. The Pfandbriefe will be redeemed at par, together 
with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to the 
provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the 
Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 8.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Pfandbriefe, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Discontinuation Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest 
Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the 
offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [in the case 
of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: 
In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be 
applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] 
The Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects 
not to redeem the Pfandbriefe, the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap, 
being the swap rate expressed as a percentage rate per annum which 
appears on the Screen Page as of the Reference Rate Time on the 
respective Interest Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement 
Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do 
not appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request the 
Reference Banks to provide the mid-market annual swap rate quotations 
at approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate 
for that Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest hundred thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotations (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). 
"Reference Rate Time" means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in 
the interbank market which will be determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB). 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [second] [first] [last] [insert 
other number of days] [TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial 
centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[London] [insert 
other financial centre] Banking Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [insert 
other financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
the Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to 
calculate and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite 
period of time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the 
administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
otherwise 
being 
discontinued 
(each 
a 
"Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a 
rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through 
(IV) in such order (the "Successor Reference Rate"): 
 
(I) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is 
announced by the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent 
central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate 
for the Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which can 
be used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate 
cannot be determined);   
 
(II) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference 
rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable 
law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate 
pfandbriefe in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference 
rate cannot be determined); 
 
(III) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference 
rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable 
law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the 
relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the 
relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded 
interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; 
or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined 
by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is 
not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party 
financial adviser or financial institution experienced with the type of 
calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen) with regard to the term of the Reference Rate and the relevant 
currency in a commercially reasonable manner based on the general 
market interest levels in the Federal Republic of Germany at the relevant 
time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall 
be used in connection with such successor reference rate (the "Successor 
Reference Rate"). From the date of the determination of the Successor 
Reference Rate (the "Relevant Date") any reference to the Reference 
Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be 
read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter 
inform the Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 8. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a 
Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment 
factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate 
and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result 
which is consistent with the economic substance of the Pfandbrief before 
the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the economic 
detriment of the Pfandbriefholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot 
be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described 
above, the Issuer may redeem the Pfandbriefe in whole [or in part]. The 
Pfandbriefe will be redeemed at par, together with any accrued interest 
until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption to the Pfandbriefholders in 
accordance with § 8.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Pfandbriefe, the Interest Rate 
applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the 
Discontinuation Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest 
Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the 
offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such quotations were offered [in the case 
of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: 
In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be 
applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] 
The Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects 
not to redeem the Pfandbriefe, the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the "Interest Rate")  
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the 
Fixed Interest Term, will be [insert fixed interest rate in per cent. per 
annum] 
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest 
amount for the First Interest Period (as defined below) will be [[insert 
initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination] [[insert initial 
broken amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
The Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest 
Period falling into the Floating Interest Term, will be, except as 
provided below:]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, 
insert:  
 
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be] 
the relevant ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], 
[In the case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The "Margin" amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
"ISDA Rate" means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were to act as calculation agent for such 
swap transaction, such determination occurring pursuant to an agreement declaring 
the 2006 ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Definitions (in the version that is valid, 
current, updated and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association on their website at www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue 
Date) part of the contract and according to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option 
is based on the Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate ("Euribor") for a currency: 
the first day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
not based on the Euribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]). 
For purposes of this subparagraph (2), (i) "Floating Rate)", "Calculation Agent, 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meaning accorded to these terms in the ISDA Definitions, and (ii) "Euro-Zone" 
means the countries and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) 
No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
(3) 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be [insert Minimum Interest Rate].] 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be [insert Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
[(3)][(4)]  
The Interest Amount (the "Interest Amount") will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each 
Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the 
respective Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the 
Pfandbriefe are at that point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a 
notification to the stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than on the [fourth] [insert number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the 
case of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be adjusted in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment). Any such adjustment will be 
promptly notified to any stock exchange, on which the Pfandbriefe are then admitted or traded 
and to the Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 8. 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and 
TARGET2] [is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for 
other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[(5)][(6)] 
"Day Count Fraction" means,  
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"): 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which 
it falls, insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation 
Period falls and (2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in 
any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Interest Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the 
number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number 
of Interest Periods in a year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.]]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Where:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest 
calculation method) insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the 
case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30.]]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest 
calculation method)) insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Pfandbrief for any period 
of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Pfandbriefe, insert: during the 
[Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the "Calculation Period"):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 
30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period.] 
 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount  
[, Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)]) 
[(1)]  The Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed on [In the case of a specified maturity date, insert: [insert 
Maturity Date]] [In the case of a specified maturity month, insert: the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert month] of [insert year]] (the "Maturity Date") at their [Specified Denomination] 
[Aggregate Principal Amount] [other amount]1 (the "Redemption Amount"). 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option), insert: 
(2) 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] "Call Date") redeem the Pfandbriefe in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give notice 
of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined 
in § 4 (2) below)] [and] [not more than] [insert number (not more than 30 Banking 
Days)][Banking Days][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Pfandbriefe will be redeemed at the 
                                                     
1 At least in an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Amount.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
[relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued until 
the Call Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount") [per Pfandbrief] [of 
the Pfandbriefe] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal Amount] [as 
follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]] 
 
 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and 
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date including any interest accrued 
until the Call Date.]  
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms 
and Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the 
Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
 (2) 
If the due date for any payment under the Pfandbriefe (the "Payment Date") is not a Banking 
Day then 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event 
the payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) an Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Banking Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Banking Day in the 
month, which falls [[insert number] months][insert other specified periods] after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in 
respect of such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as 
described above, such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and 
TARGET2] [is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for 
other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal 
Paying Agent shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective 
accounts of the depository banks for transfer to the Pfandbriefholders. The payment to the 
Clearing System shall discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Pfandbriefe in the 
amount of such payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Pfandbriefe when due, accrual of interest on due 
amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law2. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding 
the effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: (5) 
Payments of interest on the Pfandbriefe 
represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. 
Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the relevant participants to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, 
Germany] [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] 
(the "Principal Paying Agent"). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the "Paying 
Agents") and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published 
pursuant to § 8. 
                                                     
2  
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying 
agent].] 
(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, Germany] 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the "Calculation 
Agent"). 
(3) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent or 
Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank 
of international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] or another 
person or institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent. Any such transfer of the 
functions of the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] 
shall be notified promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 8. 
(4) 
In connection with the Pfandbriefe, the Principal Paying Agent[, the Paying Agent[s]] and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Pfandbriefholders. The Principal Paying 
Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent shall be exempt from the restrictions 
of §181 German Civil Code. 
(5) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Pfandbriefholders. 
 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
Payments in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall only be made after deduction and withholding of current or 
future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, levied or 
collected (the "Taxes") under any applicable system of law or in any country which claims fiscal 
jurisdiction by or for the account of any political subdivision thereof or government agency therein 
authorised to levy Taxes, to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. The Issuer 
shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies. 
 
§ 7 
(Status) 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the 
Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) and rank, unless provided otherwise by law, at least pari passu with 
all other unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from [In the case of Mortgage Pfandbriefe insert: 
Mortgage] [In the case of Public Sector Pfandbriefe insert: Public Sector] Pfandbriefe. 
 
§ 8 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by 
the Stock Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is 
expected to be [insert newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this 
newspaper is no longer possible, the notices shall be published in another newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of 
the first of such publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock 
Exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert 
internet address]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Pfandbriefe to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Pfandbriefholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Pfandbriefholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which 
Pfandbriefe are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Pfandbriefholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[London] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] 
[insert other financial centre]].] 
 
§ 9 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Pfandbriefe in the market or otherwise and at any 
price. Pfandbriefe repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
§ 10 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is 
reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
 
§ 11 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as 
a result of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the 
Pfandbriefe and is in the interest of the parties. 
 
§ 12 
(Applicable Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction[, Language]) 
(1) 
The Pfandbriefe, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Pfandbriefholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
Place of performance is Munich. 
(3) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters 
governed by the terms and conditions of these Pfandbriefe shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation 
is attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided:  
(4)  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation 
is attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
Option III: 
Terms and Conditions of 
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe 
 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Pfandbriefe, Issuance of Additional Pfandbriefe) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the "Series") of [In the case of mortgage Pfandbriefe, insert: mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe)] [In the case of public sector Pfandbriefe, insert: public 
sector Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe)] (the "Pfandbriefe") of UniCredit Bank AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in bearer form pursuant to 
these terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") in [insert Specified Currency] (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] 
(the "Aggregate Principal Amount") in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] 
(the "Specified Denomination"). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
 
(2) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchanged for a permanent global note in bearer form (the "Permanent 
Global Note", and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" 
and each a "Global Note") on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the 
"Exchange Date") only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary Global 
Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. persons (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Pfandbriefe through such financial institutions) 
(the "Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates"). [If CBL and Euroclear are 
specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such exchange 
shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefholders") are not entitled to receive 
definitive Pfandbriefe. The Pfandbriefe as co-ownership interests in the Global Notes 
may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive payments is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
"U.S. persons" means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 and particularly includes residents of the United States as well 
as American stock corporations and private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised 
representatives of the Issuer and the manual or facsimile signatures of an independent 
trustee of the Issuer appointed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority ("BaFin") [In the case of an entity other than UniCredit Bank AG as 
Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 5 below), the following applies: as well as 
the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in 
§ 5 below)].] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
 
(3) 
The Pfandbriefe are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or "Global Note") without interest coupons, which bears the manual 
or facsimile signatures of two authorised signatories of the Issuer and the manual or 
facsimile signatures of an independent trustee of the Issuer appointed by the German

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority ("BaFin") [In the case of an entity other 
than UniCredit Bank AG as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 5 below), the 
following applies: as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below)]. The holders of the Pfandbriefe (the 
"Pfandbriefholders") are not entitled to receive definitive Pfandbriefe. The 
Pfandbriefe as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant 
to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive payments is 
represented by the Global Note.] 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. "Clearing System" 
means [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][Clearstream Banking société anonyme, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear are 
individually referred to as an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the "ICSDs")] [insert different Clearing System].  
 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is 
not a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is 
a New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper ("Common Safekeeper") on behalf of both ICSDs. The 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount entered into the records of both ICSDs from time to time. The 
records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers reflecting the amount 
of such customer's interest in the Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or purchase and cancellation of any of the Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro 
rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the Pfandbriefe may be 
partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical 
procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as 
defined in § 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount 
(as defined below) will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal 
reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to 
§ 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the 
Pfandbriefholders to issue additional Pfandbriefe with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Pfandbriefe. The term 
"Pfandbriefe" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
During their lifetime, there will be no periodic interest payment on the Pfandbriefe. 
[If the default interest on the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] accrues in 
accordance with the Amortisation Yield, insert: 
(2) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Pfandbrief for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period (from, and including, the first 
day of such period to, but excluding, the last) divided by the actual number of days 
in the relevant calendar year.] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).]] 
 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)]) 
(1) 
The Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date") at [If the 
Pfandbriefe are redeemed at their Specified Denomination, insert: their Specified Denomination] 
[If the Pfandbriefe are redeemed at an amount other than their Specified Denomination, insert: 
[insert amount] per Specified Denomination] (the "Redemption Amount").

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option), insert: 
(2) 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] "Call Date") redeem the Pfandbriefe in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give notice 
of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days][months] 
prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the [relevant] Call Date. The Pfandbriefe will be redeemed at the [relevant] Call Date at the 
Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount") [per Pfandbrief] [of 
the Pfandbriefe] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal Amount] [as 
follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]] 
 
([2][3]) If the Issuer fails to pay the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] when 
due, such amount shall bear interest from the due date for redemption or the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Pfandbrief, respectively, until the expiry of the day preceding the day of the actual 
redemption of the Pfandbriefe [in the amount of the default rate of interest established by law3] 
[in an amount equal to the sum of  
(a) 
[insert Reference Price] (the "Reference Price"), and 
(b) 
the product of [insert Amortisation Yield in per cent.] (the "Amortisation Yield") and the 
Reference Price from (and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Pfandbriefe become due 
and payable, whereby the Amortisation Yield shall be compounded annually. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined under § 2).] 
 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes  
(a) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date.] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms 
and Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the 
Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
(2) 
If the due date for any payment under the Pfandbriefe (the "Payment Date") is not a Banking 
Day then  
                                                     
3  
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to any payment until the next following 
Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event 
the payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Pfandbriefholders shall not be entitled to interest or other payments in respect of 
such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as 
described above, such Payment Date and the respective payment will be adjusted 
accordingly.] 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and 
TARGET2] [is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for 
other reasons, insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal 
Paying Agent shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective 
accounts of the depository banks for transfer to the Pfandbriefholders. The payment to the 
Clearing System shall discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Pfandbriefe in the 
amount of such payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Pfandbriefe when due, accrual of interest on due 
amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law4 [(unless, the relevant 
amount payable is subject to the accrual of interest on the basis of the default rate established by 
law as set out in § 4(2) above)]. Such accrual of interest starts on the due date of that payment 
(including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: (5) 
Payments on the Pfandbriefe represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership 
Certificates (as described in § 1) by the relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
                                                     
4  
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least 
one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent and Paying Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, 
Germany] [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] 
(the "Principal Paying Agent"). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the "Paying 
Agents") and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published 
pursuant to § 8. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying 
agent].] 
(2) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or any additional Paying 
Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or any additional 
Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of international standing as Principal 
Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the Principal 
Paying Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer pursuant 
to § 8. 
(3) 
In connection with the Pfandbriefe, the Principal Paying Agent[, the Paying Agent[s]] act[s] solely 
as agent[s] of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Pfandbriefholders. The Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying 
Agent[s]] shall be exempt from the restrictions of §181 German Civil Code. 
 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
Payments in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall only be made after deduction and withholding of current or 
future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, levied or 
collected (the "Taxes") under any applicable system of law or in any country which claims fiscal 
jurisdiction by or for the account of any political subdivision thereof or government agency therein 
authorised to levy Taxes, to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. The Issuer 
shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies. 
 
§ 7 
(Status) 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the 
Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) and rank, unless provided otherwise by law, at least pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from [In the case of Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe insert: Mortgage] [In the case of Public Sector Pfandbriefe insert: Public Sector] 
Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
§ 8 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by 
the Stock Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is 
expected to be [insert newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this 
newspaper is no longer possible, the notices shall be published in another newspaper 
authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of 
the first of such publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock 
Exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert 
internet address]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Pfandbriefe to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Pfandbriefholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Pfandbriefholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which 
Pfandbriefe are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Pfandbriefholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[London] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] 
[insert other financial centre]].] 
 
§ 9 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Pfandbriefe in the market or otherwise and at any 
price. Pfandbriefe repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
§ 10 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is 
reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
 
§ 11 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as 
a result of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the 
Pfandbriefe and is in the interest of the parties. 
 
§ 12 
(Applicable Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction[, Language]) 
(1) 
The Pfandbriefe, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the 
Pfandbriefholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
Place of performance is Munich. 
(3) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters 
governed by the terms and conditions of these Pfandbriefe shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation 
is attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided:  
(4)  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation 
is attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
IV. 
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MUSTER-ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
Terms used in the final terms below (the "Final Terms") shall be deemed to be defined as such for the 
purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe set forth in the Base Prospectus (and the 
Supplements thereto, if any)] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe set out on pages 66-
132 and on pages 133-196 and 197 to 201 of the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 
26 April 2019 in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] 
[applicable Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe set out on pages 35-81 and on pages 82-127 and 
128 to 162 of the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 1 April 2020 in respect of the 
Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] (the "Terms and Conditions").  
Die in den nachfolgenden endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen“) verwendeten 
Begriffe haben die gleiche Bedeutung wie in den [Pfandbriefbedingungen im Basisprospekt (sowie in 
den dazugehörigen Nachträgen, soweit vorhanden)] [anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen der 
Pfandbriefe auf den Seiten 66 bis 132 und Seiten 133 bis 196 und Seiten 197 bis 201 des Basisprospekts 
für die Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 26. April 2019 zum Programm, wie per Verweis in den 
Basisprospekt einbezogen,] [anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen der Pfandbriefe auf den Seiten 35 
bis 81 und Seiten 82 bis 127 und Seiten 128 bis 162 des Basisprospekts für die Begebung von 
Pfandbriefen vom 1. April 2020 zum Programm, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen,] 
definiert (die "Pfandbriefbedingungen"). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Pfandbriefe are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Pfandbriefe or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM EWR – Die Pfandbriefe sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") angeboten, verkauft 
oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Pfandbriefe sollen dementsprechend 
Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der 
folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 
von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, "MiFID II"); (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne 
von 
Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU 
(in 
ihrer 
jeweils 
ergänzten 
Fassung, 
die 
"EU-
Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 
1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der nicht als qualifizierter Anleger im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
über den Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum 
                                                     
1 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (die 
"Prospektverordnung") einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, die "PRIIPS Verordnung") für 
Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Pfandbriefe an Privatinvestoren 
erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung von Pfandbriefen an Privatinvestoren nach der PRIIPS-Verordnung unzulässig 
sein.]2  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Pfandbriefe are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii)  a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Pfandbriefe or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die 
Pfandbriefe sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") 
angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Pfandbriefe sollen 
dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im UK nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens 
einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 
von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) oder ein Kunde im Sinne des Bestimmungen des Financial 
Services and Markets Acts 2000 in der jeweils gültigen Fassung ("FSMA") und im Sinne der Regeln 
und Regularien, die nach dem FSMA zur Umsetzung von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU erlassen worden sind, 
der nicht als professioneller Anleger wie in Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, 
der nicht als qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129, die 
aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK Prospektverordnung") einzustufen ist. 
Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, die aufgrund 
des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPS Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb und 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Pfandbriefe an Privatinvestoren erforderlich, erstellt und 
dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von 
Pfandbriefen an Privatinvestoren im UK nach der UK PRIIPS Verordnung unzulässig sein.]4 
 
                                                     
2 Legende einfügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht 
anwendbar" erklären. 
3 Include legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
4 Legende einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot des Verkaufs an UK 
Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES [ONLY TARGET MARKET]] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Pfandbriefe is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Pfandbriefe are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Pfandbriefe (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable].[Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN] 
[UND] 
[ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER] - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Pfandbriefe hat – ausschließlich 
für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Pfandbriefe geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle 
Kunden [und Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, “MiFID II”), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Pfandbriefe angemessen 
sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Pfandbriefe anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein “Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die Beurteilung 
des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID 
II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Pfandbriefe durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe 
der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit], zu bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc 
einfügen]. 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES [ONLY TARGET MARKET]] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Pfandbriefe has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Pfandbriefe is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") 
[and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Pfandbriefe are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Pfandbriefe (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.][Insert further details on target market, client categories 
etc.]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN] 
[UND] 
[ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER] - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Pfandbriefe hat – ausschließlich 
für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Pfandbriefe geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK 
MiFIR") [und Kleinanleger, wie in Artikel 2 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die 
aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist], umfasst; (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Pfandbriefe angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt 
berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Pfandbriefe anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll 
die 
Beurteilung 
des 
Zielmarkts 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes 
dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Pfandbriefe 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten 
bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc einfügen.] 
The Final Terms are divided into a "Part I" and a "Part II". 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen sind gegliedert in einen "Teil I" sowie in einen "Teil II". 
In Part I of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions will be completed and specified by the 
information contained in Part I as follows: 
In Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Pfandbriefbedingungen durch die in Teil I 
enthaltenen Angaben vervollständigt und spezifiziert. Dabei gilt: 
(a) 
In the case of "Type A" Final Terms, the following applies:  
(a) 
Im Fall von "Typ A" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt: 
 
The completed and specified provisions of the relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and 
Conditions represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Pfandbriefe (the 
"Conditions"). 
 
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option I, II oder III der 
Pfandbriefbedingungen stellen für die betreffende Serie von Pfandbriefen die Bedingungen der 
Pfandbriefe dar (die „Bedingungen“). 
(b) 
In the case of "Type B" Final Terms, the following applies:  
(b) 
Im Fall von "Typ B" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt: 
The relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to 
be read together with, Part I of these Final Terms represents the conditions applicable to the 
relevant Series of Pfandbriefe (the "Conditions"). 
Die Option I, II oder III der Pfandbriefbedingungen, vervollständigt und spezifiziert durch und 
in Verbindung mit Teil I dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen stellt für die betreffende Serie von 
Pfandbriefen die Bedingungen der Pfandbriefe dar (die „Bedingungen“). 
Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe, Floating Rate Pfandbriefe or Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe set 
forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II and Option III. Capitalised terms shall have the 
meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Der Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem jeweiligen Satz der 
Pfandbriefbedingungen, der auf Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe, Variabel Verzinsliche Pfandbriefe

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
oder Nullkupon Pfandbriefe Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als Option I, Option II und Option 
III im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Pfandbriefbedingungen definiert sind, haben 
dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Pfandbriefbedingungen. 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
Pfandbriefe shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as 
if such information was inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms 
and Conditions which are not selected and not completed by the information contained in the 
Final Terms shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Pfandbriefe.  
Die 
Platzhalter 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Pfandbriefbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Optionen der Pfandbriefbedingungen, die nicht durch die 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgewählt und ausgefüllt wurden, gelten 
als in den auf die Pfandbriefe anwendbaren Bedingungen gestrichen. 
Part II of the Final Terms contains all other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and 
Conditions and which apply to all Pfandbriefe. 
In Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind alle sonstigen Bedingungen enthalten, die nicht in den 
Pfandbriefbedingungen einzusetzen sind und die für alle Pfandbriefe gelten.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
dated [] 
vom [] 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Legal Entity Identifier: 2ZCNRR8UK83OBTEK2170 
Issue of [Title of the Pfandbriefe] 
(the "Pfandbriefe") 
Emission von [Bezeichnung der Pfandbriefe] 
(die "Pfandbriefe") 
Issue Price: [] per cent. [insert information with regard to accrued interest in case of an increase of 
Pfandbriefe] 
Ausgabepreis: []% [Informationen zu aufgelaufenen Zinsen einfügen bei einer Aufstockung einer 
Serie von Pfandbriefen] 
Series number [] 
Seriennummer [] 
Tranche number [] 
Tranchennummer [] 
Trade Date: [] 
Handelstag: [] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the 
[Title of relevant Series of Pfandbriefe] issued on [●])] 
[(die mit [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Pfandbriefen] begeben am [●] konsolidiert 
werden, eine einheitliche Serie bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen)] 
under the 
EUR 50,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programm of 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Im Rahmen des 
EUR 50.000.000.000 
Debt Issuance Programms 
der UniCredit Bank AG 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Pfandbriefe described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 para. 5 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). In order to get full 
information, the Final Terms are to be read together with the information contained in (a) the base 
prospectus dated 31 March 2021 (the "Base Prospectus"), [(b) the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus according to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation dated [●] (the "Supplement[s]")][,] 
[and] [(b)][(c)] the registration document of the Issuer dated 20 May 2020 (the "Registration 
Document") which has been incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus [and [(c)][(d)] the 
supplement[s] to the registration document of the Issuer dated 20 May 2020 dated [●] which [has][have] 
been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus]. These Final Terms will be published on the

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
[website of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)][insert other stock exchange]] [and] on 
the website of the Issuer (http://www.onemarkets.de).  
Dieses Dokument stellt die Endgültigen Bedingungen der hierin beschriebenen Pfandbriefe gemäß 
Artikel 8 Abs. 5 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
14. Juni 2017 über den Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren 
Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist, in der jeweils gültigen oder 
ersetzten Fassung (die "Prospektverordnung") dar. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen müssen, um 
sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, zusammen mit den Informationen gelesen werden, die enthalten sind 
(a) im Basisprospekt vom 31. März 2021 (der "Basisprospekt"), [(b) in [dem][den] 
[Nachtrag][Nachträgen] zu diesem Basisprospekt gemäß Artikel 23 der Prospektverordnung vom [●] 
([der "Nachtrag"][die "Nachträge"])][,] [und] [(b)][(c)] im Registrierungsformular der UniCredit 
Bank AG vom 20. Mai 2020 (das "Registrierungsformular"), das durch Verweis in den Basisprospekt 
einbezogen wurde [und [(c)][(d)] in [dem][den] [Nachtrag][Nachträgen] zum Registrierungsformular 
vom 20. Mai 2020 vom [●], [der][die] durch Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen wurde[n]]. 
Diese 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
werden 
[auf 
der 
Website 
der 
[Börse 
Luxemburg 
(www.bourse.lu)][andere 
Börse 
einfügen]] 
[sowie] 
auf 
der 
Website 
der 
Emittentin 
(http://www.onemarkets.de) veröffentlicht.  
The 
aforementioned 
documents 
are 
available 
on 
the 
websites 
https://www.onemarkets.de/basisprospekte 
and 
https://www.onemarkets.de/de/rechtliches/registrierungsdokumente-uvp.html. 
Die 
vorgenannten 
Dokumente 
sind 
auf 
den 
folgenden 
Internetseiten 
https://www.onemarkets.de/basisprospekte 
und 
https://www.onemarkets.de/de/rechtliches/registrierungsdokumente-uvp.html abrufbar. 
[A summary of the overall parameters of the individual issue of Pfandbriefe is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]5 
[Eine Zusammenfassung der allgemeinen Parameter der Einzelemission von Pfandbriefen ist diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]1 
[These Final Terms are to be read together with the Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Pfandbriefe in the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 26 April 2019 in respect of 
the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]6 
[Diese 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
sind 
gemeinsam 
mit 
dem 
Basisprospekt 
sowie 
den 
Anleihebedingungen aus dem Basisprospekt zur Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 26. April 2019 zum 
Programm, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, zu lesen.]4 
[These Final Terms are to be read together with the Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Pfandbriefe in the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 1 April 2020 in respect of 
the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]7 
[Diese 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
sind 
gemeinsam 
mit 
dem 
Basisprospekt 
sowie 
den 
Anleihebedingungen aus dem Basisprospekt zur Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 1. April 2020 zum 
Programm, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, zu lesen.]5 
                                                     
5  
Insert in the case of Pfandbriefe with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.  
Im Fall von Pfandbriefen mit einer Mindeststückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 einfügen. 
6  
Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Pfandbriefe which were issued under the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe 
dated 26 April 2019. 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Pfandbriefen, die unter dem Basisprospekt für die Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 26. 
April 2019 begeben wurden, einfügen. 
7  
Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Pfandbriefe which were issued under the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe 
dated 1 April 2020. 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Pfandbriefen, die unter dem Basisprospekt für die Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 1. 
April 2020 begeben wurden, einfügen.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Part I / Teil I 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Pfandbriefe are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I to Option III including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders ("Type 
A" Final Terms), the following paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
[Im Fall dass die für die betreffenden Pfandbriefe anwendbaren Optionen durch Wiederholen der 
in dem Prospekt jeweils als Option I bis Option III (einschließlich bestimmter weiterer Optionen 
darin) dargelegten betreffenden Bestimmungen und durch Ausfüllen der betreffenden Platzhalter 
festgelegt werden ("Typ A" Endgültige Bedingungen), sind nachstehende Absätze anwendbar.] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the English language version. [A 
non-binding German language translation thereof will be provided together with the English language 
version.]] 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtlich bindenden Bedingungen sind nachstehend in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. [Eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache wird zusammen mit der Fassung 
in englischer Sprache zur Verfügung gestellt.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are set out in the German language version. [A non-
binding English language translation thereof will be provided together with the German language 
version.]] 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtlich bindenden Bedingungen sind nachstehend in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. [Eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in die englische Sprache wird zusammen mit der Fassung 
in deutscher Sprache zur Verfügung gestellt.]] 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen hier die betreffenden Angaben von Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter 
vervollständigen] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen hier die betreffenden Angaben von Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter 
vervollständigen] 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe replicate here the relevant provisions of Option III 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen hier die betreffenden Angaben von Option III (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Pfandbriefe which were issued under the base prospectus 
for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 26 April 2019, insert relevant Terms and Conditions as 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Pfandbriefen, die unter dem Basisprospekt für die 
Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 26. April 2019 begeben wurden, die betreffenden 
Anleihebedingungen, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, einfügen und entsprechende 
Platzhalter ausfüllen] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Pfandbriefe which were issued under the base prospectus 
for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 1 April 2020, insert relevant Terms and Conditions as 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Pfandbriefen, die unter dem Basisprospekt für die 
Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 1. April 2020 begeben wurden, die betreffenden 
Anleihebedingungen, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, einfügen und entsprechende 
Platzhalter ausfüllen]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
[In the case of "Type B" Final Terms, the following table shall be completed in accordance with 
the specifications of the relevant issue of [Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe] [Floating Rate Pfandbriefe] 
[Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe]: 
[Im Fall von "Typ B" Endgültigen Bedingungen ist die nachfolgende Tabelle entsprechend den 
Angaben der maßgeblichen Emission von [Festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen] [Variabel Verzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen] [Nullkupon Pfandbriefen] auszufüllen:]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
§ 1 
Series, Form of Pfandbriefe, Issuance of Additional Pfandbriefe 
Serie, Form der Pfandbriefe, Ausgabe weiterer Pfandbriefe 
Form of Pfandbriefe: 
 
Form der Pfandbriefe: 
 
 Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
 
 Public Sector Pfandbriefe 
 
Öffentliche Pfandbriefe 
 
Issue Date: 
[insert Issue Date] 
Ausgabetag: 
[Ausgabetag einfügen] 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro ("EUR")] [insert Specified Currency] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[Euro ("EUR")] [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Series] 
Serie: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie einfügen] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
Tranche: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche einfügen] 
Specified Denomination: 
[insert Specified Denomination] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
Form of Pfandbriefe: 
 
Form der Pfandbriefe: 
 
 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange 
(TEFRA D) 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch 
(TEFRA D) 
 
 
Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C) 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA C) 
 
 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
(neither 
TEFRA D nor TEFRA C Rules) 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (Weder TEFRA D 
noch TEFRA C Regeln) 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
New Global Note

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Clearing System: 
 
Clearing System: 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
65760 Eschborn 
Germany 
 
Clearstream Banking AG,  
Frankfurt am Main 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
65760 Eschborn 
Deutschland 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
1855 Luxemburg 
Luxemburg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
1210 Brüssel 
Belgien 
 
 
Other Clearing System: 
[insert different Clearing System]  
anderes Clearing System: 
[anderes Clearing System einfügen] 
§ 2 
Interest 
Zinsen 
 
Option I: Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe 
 
Option I: Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
Step-up or Step-down Pfandbriefe: 
[Yes] [No] 
Stufenzins-Pfandbriefe: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Interest Rate: 
[insert percentage] per cent.per annum 
[Zinssatz: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]]8 
Zinszahltag(e): 
[Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]]6 
[Interest Payment Dates and relating Interest 
Rate: 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
relating Interest Rate 
[insert Interest Payment 
Dates] 
[insert relating 
Interest Rate]]9 
[Zinszahltage und dazugehörige Zinssätze: 
Zinszahltage 
dazugehörige 
Zinssätze 
[Zinszahltage einfügen] 
[dazugehörige 
Zinssätze einfügen]]7 
First Interest Payment Date 
[insert First Interest Payment Date] 
Erster Zinszahltag: 
[Ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a first 
[short][long] coupon): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
[Anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in 
the case of a first [short][long] coupon): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf den Gesamtnennbetrag pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
[Anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a last 
[short][long] coupon): 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable]] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar]] 
Final Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in 
the case of a last [short][long] coupon): 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf den Gesamtnennbetrag pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Option II: Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
 
Option II: Variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
                                                     
8  
Only applicable for Pfandbriefe other than Step-up or Step-down Pfandbriefe. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die keine Stufenzins-Pfandbriefe sind. 
9  
Only applicable for Step-up or Step-down Pfandbriefe. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Stufenzins-Pfandbriefe anwendbar.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe: 
[Yes] [No] 
Fest- zu variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Specified Interest Payment Date(s) during 
the Fixed Interest Term: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year]]10 
[Festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) während des 
Festzinszeitraums: 
[festgelegte(n) 
Zinszahltag(e) 
während 
des 
Festzinszeitraums einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]]8 
 
specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year] 
festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e): 
[festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] 
 
specified Interest Period(s): 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
festgelegt(e) Zinsperiode(n): 
[Anzahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]]11 
[erster Zinszahltag: 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen]]9 
[First Interest Payment Date falling into the 
Floating Interest Term: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date falling into the 
Floating Interest Term]]12 
[erster Zinszahltag innerhalb des Variablen 
Zinszeitraums: 
[ersten Zinszahltag innerhalb des Variablen 
Zinszeitraums einfügen]]10 
[Interest Rate for the Fixed Interest Term: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum 
[Fester Zinssatz für den Festzinszeitraum: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr 
Initial 
Broken 
Amount 
(per 
Specified 
Denomination): 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable]]13 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung): 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar]]11 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]): 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]14 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]): 
 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar]]12 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where 
interest is linked to the [Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
 
                                                     
10  Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen anwendbar. 
11  
Insert only in the case of a first long/short coupon. 
Ausschließlich im Fall eines ersten langen/kurzen Kupons anwendbar. 
12  Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
13  Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
14  Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefe anwendbar.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
(Euribor)®] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe, 
bei 
denen 
die 
Verzinsung 
von 
der 
[Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] abhängt  
 
 
Euribor (Brussels time / 
TARGET2 Banking Day / 
Interbank market in the 
Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)][●] 
Euribor (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstag / 
Interbankenmarkt in der 
Euro-Zone): 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
 
SONIA® (London time / 
London Banking Day) 
 
SONIA® (Londoner Zeit / 
London Bankgeschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number 
of 
London 
Banking Days "p" 
[●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage "p": 
[●] 
 
SOFR® (New York time / 
US Government Securities 
Banking Day) 
 
SOFR® (New Yorker Zeit / 
US Staatsanleihen Bank-
geschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number of US Govern-
ment Securities Banking 
Days "p": 
[●]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Anzahl der US Staats-
anleihen 
Bankgeschäfts-
tage "p": 
[●] 
 
€STR® (Brussels time / 
TARGET2 Banking Day) 
 
€STR® (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number 
of 
TARGET2 
Banking Days "p": 
[●] 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstage "p": 
[●] 
 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation 
Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest 
Period] [offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the 
offered quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltender Zinssatz] 
[Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel der 
Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz einfügen] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last short coupon] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] Kupon] 
[für den letzten kurzen Kupon] 
 
[Linear 
interpolation 
between 
the 
[insert 
number] month [Euribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time.] 
 
[Interpolation zwischen [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Euribor-] Angebotssatz, der jeweils auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor 
als 
Referenzsatz 
einfügen: 
Brüsseler] 
Zeit 
angezeigt wird.] 
 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where 
interest is linked to a Constant 
Maturity Swap Rate: 
[●] 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe, 
bei 
denen 
die 
Verzinsung von einem Constant 
Maturity Swapsatz abhängig ist: 
[●] 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor 
screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen 
page] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Number of quotations from 
Reference Banks: 
[insert number of quotations] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation 
Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest 
Period] [offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the 
offered quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Nach Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltender Zinssatz] 
[Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel der 
Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz einfügen] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [insert other number of days] 
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial 
centre (specify)] Banking Day [prior to the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest 
Period  
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankgeschäftstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit: 
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
minus 
 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr]] 
 
Option III: Zero Coupon Rate Pfandbriefe 
Option III: Nullkupon Pfandbriefe 
 
Day Count Fraction:15 
 
Zinstagequotient:13 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 16 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term] ] [Fictive Interest Payment Date: 
[insert Fictive Interest Payment Date]] 17 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)14 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]]  
[Fiktiver 
Zinszahltag: 
[Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag 
einfügen]]15 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term] ] 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
                                                     
15  
In the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe, only applicable if default interest on the Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption Amount 
accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield. 
Im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen nur einschlägig, soweit Verzugszinsen auf den Rückzahlungsbetrag/Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
in Abhängigkeit der Emissionsrendite berechnet werden. 
16  
If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a 
suitable fixed rate Day Count Fraction. 
Wenn Zinsen nicht in regelmäßigen Abständen zu zahlen sind (beispielsweise wenn Teilbeträge angegeben sind,) ist Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) keine geeignete feste Zinstageberechnungsmethode. 
17  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term] ] 
Actual/360 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis18 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis16 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2000)19 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
30E or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2000)17 
[Für 
den 
[Festzinszeitraum] 
[und 
den]  
[Variablen Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2006)20 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 
2006)18 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)21 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
30E/360 (ISDA)19 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]]] 
§ 3 
Maturity, Redemption Amount[, Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)] 
Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag[, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)] 
[Maturity Date: 
[insert maturity date] 
[the Interest Payment Date (as defined above) 
falling in [insert month] of [insert year]]] 
[Fälligkeitstag: 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen] 
[Zinszahltag (wie oben definiert), der in den [Monat 
einfügen] des Jahres [Jahr einfügen] fällt]] 
[Redemption Amount: 
 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
                                                     
18  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen. 
19  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Notes. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen. 
20  Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen. 
21  
Only applicable in the case of Pfandbriefe other than Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe and if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable. 
Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Pfandbriefen nicht um Nullkupon Pfandbriefe handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen 
anwendbar sein sollen.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert amount] [per Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[per Specified Denomination]22  
Anderer Betrag: 
[Betrag einfügen] [pro Gesamtnennbetrag] [pro 
festgelegte Stückelung]20  
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
(Call Option): 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Call Date(s): 
[insert Call Date(s)][of each year, commencing on 
[insert date]] 
[Kündigungstermin(e): 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
einfügen][eines 
jeden 
Jahres beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] 
Right to redeem the Pfandbriefe in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Recht 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
teilweise 
zurückzuzahlen: 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Notice period: 
[insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)] [not 
more 
than 
30 
Banking 
Days] 
[Banking 
Days][months] 
Minimum notice period: 
[insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking 
Days][months] 
Maximum notice period: 
[insert number (not more than 30 Banking Days)] 
[Banking Days][months] 
Kündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 5 Bankgeschäfts-
tage)] 
[höchstens 
30 Bankgeschäftstage] 
[Bankgeschäftstage][Monate] 
Mindestkündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 5 Bankgeschäftstage)] 
[Bankgeschäftstage] [Monate] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl einsetzen (höchstens 30 Bankgeschäftstage)] 
[Bankgeschäftstage] [Monate] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge): 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
                                                     
22  
Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. Such Redemption Amount may not be less than the Specified Denomination of 
the Pfandbriefe. 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen. Ein solcher Rückzahlungsbetrag darf nicht geringer sein als die festgelegte 
Stückelung der Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price][insert amount per Specified Denomination] 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, 
der/die 
nicht 
unterhalb 
des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen][anderen 
Betrag pro festgelegter Stückelung einfügen] 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
Reference Price: 
Referenzpreis: 
[insert Reference Rate]  
[Referenzpreis einfügen] 
Amortisation Yield  
Emissionsrendite 
[insert Amortisation Yield]]23 
[Emissionsrendite einfügen]]21 
 
§ 4 
Payments 
Zahlungen 
Business Day Convention: 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention24 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified 
periods] 
Floating Rate Convention22 
[[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Adjustment: 
[Yes] [No] 
Anpassung: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial 
centres] 
Bankgeschäftstag: 
[TARGET2] 
[London] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
                                                     
23  
Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen. 
24  Only applicable in the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Nur anwendbar im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
§ 5 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent 
Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany]  
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom]  
[insert other Principal Paying Agent] 
 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 
München, Deutschland]  
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom]  
[andere Hauptzahlstelle einfügen] 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[as of [insert date]] [insert additional Paying 
Agent(s)] [Not Applicable] 
Zusätzliche Zahlstelle(n): 
[zum 
[Zeitpunkt 
einfügen]] 
[Zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle(n) einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Calculation Agent: 
[UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany]  
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom]  
[insert other Calculation Agent]  
[Not applicable] 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 
München, Deutschland]  
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom]  
[andere Berechnungsstelle einfügen]  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
§ 8 
Notices 
Mitteilungen 
[Notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:25 
[Yes] [No] 
                                                     
25   Only applicable if the Pfandbriefe are listed on a stock exchange.  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die an einer Börse gelistet sind.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
[Mitteilungen können in elektronischer Form auf 
der Internetseite der jeweiligen Börse gemacht 
werden:23 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Newspaper authorised by the stock exchange 
[insert newspaper authorised by the stock exchange] 
[Not applicable] 
Börsenpflichtblatt: 
[Name des Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Publication in another authorised newspaper if 
no longer possible: 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen 
in 
einem 
anderen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, wenn Mitteilung nicht 
mehr möglich: 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
Website: 
[insert name of stock exchange] [insert website] 
[Not applicable]] 
Internetseite: 
[Name der Börse einfügen] [Internetseite einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar]] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial 
centres] 
Bankgeschäftstag: 
[TARGET2] 
[London] 
[andere 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
[§ 12 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction, Language 
Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache 
Language of Terms and Conditions: 
 
Sprache der Pfandbriefbedingungen: 
 
 
English and German (English binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the 
German language will not be part of 
these Final Terms.) 
 
Englisch 
und 
Deutsch 
(Englisch 
verbindlich) (Wobei die Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache nicht Teil dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen ist.) 
 
 
German and English (German binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the English 
language will not be part of these Final 
Terms.)] 
 
Deutsch 
und 
Englisch 
(Deutsch 
verbindlich) (Wobei die Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache nicht Teil dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen ist.)]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Pfandbriefe which were issued under the base prospectus 
for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 26 April 2019, as "Type B" Final Terms, insert Part I of the 
Final Terms as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] 
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Pfandbriefen, die unter dem Basisprospekt für die 
Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 26. April 2019 gemäß "Typ B" der Engültigen Bedingungen 
begeben wurden, Teil I der Engültigen Bedingungen, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt 
einbezogen, einfügen] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Pfandbriefe which were issued under the base prospectus 
for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 1 April 2020, as "Type B" Final Terms, insert Part I of the 
Final Terms as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] 
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Pfandbriefen, die unter dem Basisprospekt für die 
Begebung von Pfandbriefen vom 1. April 2020 gemäß "Typ B" der Engültigen Bedingungen 
begeben wurden, Teil I der Engültigen Bedingungen, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt 
einbezogen, einfügen]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Part II 
Teil II 
[DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS 
RELATED 
TO 
DEBT 
SECURITIES 
WITH 
A 
DENOMINATION PER UNIT OF LESS THAN EUR 100,000 
[ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON 
WENIGER ALS EUR 100.000 
Material Interest 
 
Wesentliches Interesse 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in the 
Base Prospectus, if any][Not applicable] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den 
im Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern 
vorhanden][Nicht anwendbar] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[as set out in the Base Prospectus] [Green Pfandbriefe 
– specify details] [Social Pfandbriefe – specify 
details][Sustainability Pfandbriefe – specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung 
der Erlöse 
[wie im Basisprospekt angegeben] [Green Pfandbriefe 
– 
Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
[Social 
Pfandbriefe– 
Einzelheiten angeben][Sustainability Pfandbriefe – 
Einzelheiten angeben] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note 
Classical Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow ECB eligibility 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt 
 
 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
ECB eligibility: 
[Yes. Note the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Pfandbriefe are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Pfandbriefe will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Pfandbriefe are capable of meeting them may then 
be deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Pfandbriefe will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-Fähigkeit 
bewirkt 
[Ja. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „ja“ ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Pfandbriefe zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission bei einer der internationalen zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle einzureichen. Das bedeutet 
nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Pfandbriefe zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems 
und für Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch 
das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, dass die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der Eignung für das 
Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
[Nein. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „nein” zum 
Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, können die 
Pfandbriefe zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt bei einer der 
internationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
eingereicht 
werden, wenn die Kriterien der Eignung für das 
Eurosystem zukünftig dergestalt geändert werden, dass 
die Pfandbriefe diese Kriterien erfüllen können. Dies 
bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Pfandbriefe 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für Zwecke 
der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt 
davon ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die 
Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): [●]] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
(WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●]]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
[Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-
Nummer: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Rendite 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[insert percentage] % per annum] 26 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Pfandbriefe cannot be 
calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Emissionsrendite: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum]24 
[Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der Pfandbriefe kann 
nicht [zum Ausgabetag] ermittelt werden.] 
[Information on historic reference rates /values 
and further performance as well as volatility27 
 
Informationen zu historischen Referenzsätzen / 
Werten und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität25 
 
Details of historic [insert relevant Euribor rate(s)] [insert relevant CMS rate(s)] can be obtained from 
[insert relevant source].  
Einzelheiten der Entwicklung des [maßgebliche(n) Euribor Referenzzinssatz/ - sätze einfügen] 
[maßgebliche(n) CMS Satz / Sätze einfügen] in der Vergangenheit können abgerufen werden unter 
[maßgebliche Informationsquelle einfügen]. 
Description of any market disruption or settlement 
disruption events that effect the [insert relevant 
Euribor rate(s)] [insert relevant CMS rate(s)]: 
 
 
 
See § 2 of the Terms and Conditions.  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung 
des Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die 
[maßgebliche(n) Euribor Referenzzinssatz/ - sätze 
einfügen] [maßgebliche(n) CMS Satz / Sätze 
einfügen] beeinflussen: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Siehe § 2 der Pfandbriefbedingungen.  
Terms and Conditions of the offer 
 
Platzierung der Pfandbriefe 
 
[Day of the first public offer: [Insert the day of the first public offer].] 
[Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots: [Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots einfügen].] 
[Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer will be open [Insert time period].] 
[Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das Angebot vorliegt [Frist einfügen].] 
                                                     
26  
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
27  
Only applicable for Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen anwendbar.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
[A public offer will be made in [Germany] [and][,] [Luxembourg] [and] [Austria].] 
[Ein öffentliches Angebot erfolgt in [Deutschland] [und][,] [Luxemburg] [und] [Österreich].] 
[The issue price per Pfandbrief will be determined on [Insert date]. The issue price and the on-going offer 
price of the Pfandbriefe will be published on the website of the stock exchange, where the Pfandbriefe will 
be admitted to trading [Insert Website] [Insert a successor Website] in compliance with its respective 
regulations.] 
[Der Ausgabepreis je Pfandbrief wird am [Datum einfügen] festgelegt. Der Ausgabepreis und der laufende 
Angebotspreis der Pfandbriefe werden nach ihrer Bestimmung [auf den Websites der Wertpapierbörsen, an 
denen die Pfandbriefe gehandelt werden,] [unter [Internetseite einfügen] (oder einer Nachfolgeseite] 
veröffentlicht.] 
[The smallest transferable denomination is [Insert smallest transferable denomination].] 
[Der kleinste übertragbare Nennwert ist [Kleinster übertragbarer Nennwert einfügen].] 
[The smallest tradeable denomination is [Insert smallest tradeable denomination].] 
[Der kleinste handelbare Nennwert ist [Kleinster handelbarer Nennwert einfügen].] 
The Pfandbriefe will be offered to [qualified investors][,] [and/or] [retail investors] [and/or] [institutional 
investors] [by way of a [private placement] [public offer]] [by financial intermediaries][by a management 
or dealer group]. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden [qualifizierten Anlegern][,] [und/oder] [Privatkunden] [und/oder] [institutionellen 
Anlegern] 
[im 
Wege 
[einer 
Privatplatzierung] 
[eines 
öffentlichen 
Angebots]] 
[durch 
Finanzintermediäre][durch eine(n) Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium] angeboten. 
[As of the day of the first public offer the Pfandbriefe described in the Final Terms will be offered on a 
continuous basis up to its maximum issue size. The number of offered Pfandbriefe may be reduced or 
increased by the Issuer at any time and does not allow any conclusion on the size of actually issued 
Pfandbriefe and therefore on the liquidity of a potential secondary market.] 
[Ab dem Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots werden die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen beschriebenen 
Pfandbriefe in einer maximalen Anzahl fortlaufend zum Kauf angeboten. Die Anzahl der zum Kauf 
angebotenen Pfandbriefe kann von der Emittentin jederzeit reduziert oder erhöht werden und lässt keine 
Rückschlüsse auf das Volumen der tatsächlich begebenen Pfandbriefe und daher auf die Liquidität eines 
möglichen Sekundärmarkts zu.] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application (whether in number of Pfandbriefe or 
aggregate amount to invest): [Specify details].] 
[Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
Pfandbriefe oder des aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags: [Einzelheiten einfügen].] 
[Method and time limits for paying up the Pfandbriefe and for the delivery of the Pfandbriefe: [Specify 
details].]  
[Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Pfandbriefe und ihre Lieferung: [Einzelheiten einfügen].] 
[The continuous offer will be made on current ask prices provided by the Issuer.] 
[Das fortlaufende Angebot erfolgt zum jeweils aktuellen von der Emittentin gestellten Verkaufspreis 
(Briefkurs).] 
[The public offer may be terminated by the Issuer at any time without giving any reason.] 
[Das öffentliche Angebot kann von der Emittentin jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen beendet werden.] 
[Application for admission to trading of the Pfandbriefe [has been] [will be] made on the following regulated 
or equivalent markets [insert relevant regulated or equivalent market(s)].] 
[[Die Zulassung der Pfandbriefe zum Handel an den folgenden regulierten oder vergleichbaren Märkten 
[Maßgebliche(n) regulierte(n) oder vergleichbare(n) Markt/Märkte einfügen] [wurde] [wird] beantragt.] 
[All regulated markets or equivalent markets on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, Pfandbriefe of the 
same class of the Pfandbriefe issued by the Issuer to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted 
to trading: [Not applicable]: [Insert relevant regulated and equivalent markets].] 
[Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, an denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Pfandbriefe der Emittentin der gleichen Pfandbriefkategorie wie die Pfandbriefe, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind: [Nicht anwendbar] [Maßgebliche 
regulierte oder vergleichbare Märkte einfügen].] 
[Application for listing will be made on the following markets: [Insert relevant market(s)].]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
[Die Notierung an den folgenden Märkten [Maßgebliche(n) Markt/Märkte einfügen] wird beantragt.]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im EWR  
[Anwendbar/Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Anwendbar/nicht anwendbar] 
Method of Distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Management 
Details 
including 
Form 
of 
Commitments 
 
Einzelheiten 
bezüglich 
der 
Dealer 
des 
Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der 
Übernahme 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
[insert name and address]  
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[Name und Adresse einzufügen] 
 firm commitment 
 
feste Zusage 
 
 no 
firm 
commitment/best 
efforts 
arrangements 
 
Keine feste Zusage/zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen 
 
Subscription Agreement 
[Yes] [No] 
Übernahmevertrag 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Date of subscription agreement 
[●]] 
[Datum des Übernahmevertrags 
[●]] 
Commissions 
[Yes] [No] 
Provisionen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[●] 
[Management- / Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[●] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Listing Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Other (specify) 
[●]] 
Andere (angeben) 
[●]] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös: 
[●] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Fees have been calculated in accordance with 
prevailing market standards: [Insert amounts].] 
[Insert breakdown of expenses] 
[]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten: 
[Die Gebühren wurden in Übereinstimmung mit den 
herrschenden Marktstandards berechnet: [Betrag 
einfügen].] 
[Aufgliederung der Ausgaben einfügen] 
[] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
Börsenzulassung(en) 
und 
Zulassung 
zum 
Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 Munich Stock Exchange 
 
Börse München 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 Other Market Segment  
[●] 
anderes Marktsegment 
[●] 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Luxemburger Börse 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
EuroMTF 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Sonstige: 
[●] 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, Pfandbriefe 
of the same class of the Pfandbriefe issued by the 
Issuer to be offered or admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading:  
 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger 
Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Pfandbriefe 
der 
Emittentin 
der 
gleichen 
Pfandbriefkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum 
Handel zugelassen sind. 
 
 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 Regulated Market of the Munich Stock 
Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Börse München 
 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Sonstige: 
[●] 
 None] 
 
Keine]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund 
einer 
festen 
Zusage 
als 
Intermediäre 
im 
Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels 
Geld- 
und 
Briefkursen 
erwirtschaften, 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Hauptbedingungen 
der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Stabilising Manager(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Manager: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Consent to the use of the Prospectus 
[Yes] [No] 
Einwilligung zur Nutzung des Prospekts 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[In the case of a general consent, the following applies: 
[Im Fall einer generellen Zustimmung gilt Folgendes: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries (so-called general 
consent).  
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch alle Finanzintermediäre zu (sog. 
generelle Zustimmung). 
Such consent to use the Base Prospectus is given for the following period: [insert period]. 
Die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für den folgenden Zeitraum erteilt: [Zeitraum 
einfügen]. 
General consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Pfandbriefe by the financial 
intermediar[y][ies] is given in relation to [Germany] [and][,] [Luxembourg] [and] [Austria].  
Es wird eine generelle Zustimmung zu einem späteren Weiterverkauf oder einer endgültigen Platzierung 
der Pfandbriefe durch [den] [die] Finanzintermediär[e] für [Deutschland] [und][,] [Luxemburg] [und] 
[Österreich] erteilt. 
[Such consent is subject to the following conditions: [insert conditions]]]  
[Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]]] 
[In the case of an individual consent the following applies: 
[Im Fall einer individuellen Zustimmung gilt Folgendes: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the following financial intermediar[y][ies] (so-
called individual consent): 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch [den] [die] folgenden 
Finanzintermediär[e] zu (sog. individuelle Zustimmung): 
[Insert name(s) and address(es)]. 
[Name(n) und Anschrift(en) einfügen]. 
Such consent to use the Base Prospectus is given for the following period: [insert period]. 
Die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für den folgenden Zeitraum erteilt: [Zeitraum 
einfügen]. 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of the Pfandbriefe by the financial 
intermediar[y][ies] is given in relation to [Germany] [and][,] [Luxembourg] [and] [Austria] to [insert 
name[s] and address[es]] [and [insert details]]. 
[Name(n) und Anschrift(en) einfügen] [[Einzelheiten angeben]] wird eine individuelle Zustimmung zu 
einem späteren Weiterverkauf oder einer endgültigen Platzierung der Pfandbriefe durch [den] [die] 
Finanzintermediär[e] für [Deutschland] [und][,] [Luxemburg] [und] [Österreich] erteilt. 
[Such consent is subject to the following conditions: [insert conditions]]]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
[Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]]] 
 Rating28 
[specify details] 
Rating26 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (wie geändert) (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert ist oder die Registrierung 
beantragt hat.] 
[The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) 
a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within 
five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 
30 days following such update.] 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Amounts payable under the Pfandbriefe will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR®, which is currently 
provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [SONIA®, which is currently provided by the Bank 
of England] [SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [OTHER, 
which is currently provided by [insert administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [EMMI] [the 
Bank of England] [the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”).]] 
[Die unter den Pfandbriefen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [EURIBOR®, der derzeit 
vom European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] zur Verfügung gestellt wird] 
[SONIA®, der derzeit von der Bank of England zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR®, der derzeit von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER REFERENZZINSSATZ, der 
derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen erschein[t][en] [EMMI] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und Benchmarks, das von der 
Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der Benchmark-
Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die "Benchmark-Verordnung") eingerichtet und verwaltet 
wird.]] 
                                                     
28  
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Pfandbriefe, if any. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has been previously published by the rating provider.  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Pfandbriefe, soweit vorhanden, einfügen. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings, wenn 
dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
[DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS 
RELATED 
TO 
DEBT 
SECURITIES 
WITH 
A 
DENOMINATION PER UNIT OF AT LEAST EUR 100,000 
[ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON 
EUR 100.000 
Material Interest 
 
Wesentliches Interesse 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in the 
Base Prospectus, if any] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den 
im Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern 
vorhanden] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[Not applicable][Green Pfandbriefe – specify 
details][Social 
Pfandbriefe 
– 
specify 
details][Sustainability Pfandbriefe – specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung 
der Erlöse 
[Nicht anwendbar][Green Pfandbriefe – Einzelheiten 
angeben][Social 
Pfandbriefe 
– 
Einzelheiten 
angeben][Sustainability Pfandbriefe – Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note 
Classical Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow ECB eligibility 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt 
 
 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
ECB eligibility: 
[Yes. Note the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Pfandbriefe are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Pfandbriefe will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Pfandbriefe are capable of meeting them may then 
be deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Pfandbriefe will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-Fähigkeit 
bewirkt 
[Ja. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „ja“ ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Pfandbriefe zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission bei einer der internationalen zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle einzureichen. Das bedeutet 
nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Pfandbriefe zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems 
und für Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch 
das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, dass die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der Eignung für das 
Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
[Nein. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „nein” zum 
Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, können die 
Pfandbriefe zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt bei einer der 
internationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
eingereicht 
werden, wenn die Kriterien der Eignung für das 
Eurosystem zukünftig dergestalt geändert werden, dass 
die Pfandbriefe diese Kriterien erfüllen können. Dies 
bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Pfandbriefe 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für Zwecke 
der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt 
davon ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die 
Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): [●]] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): [●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
[Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige 
vorläufige 
Wertpapier-Kenn-
Nummer: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Rendite 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[insert percentage] % per annum.]29 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Pfandbriefe cannot be 
calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Rendite bezogen auf den Ausgabepreis: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum.]27 
[Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der Pfandbriefe kann 
nicht [zum Ausgabetag] ermittelt werden.] 
Method of Distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Management Details 
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich der Dealer 
 
Dealer/Management Group: 
[insert name]  
Dealer/Bankenkonsortium: 
[Name einfügen] 
Commissions 
 
Provisionen 
 
[Management/Underwriting Commission30: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]  
Management- und Übernahmeprovision28 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
[Selling Concession27: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
[Verkaufsprovision27: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Listing Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Angabe der geschätzten Gesamtkosten für die 
Zulassung zum Handel: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
                                                     
29  
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe.  
Nur für festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
30  
There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case, the 
Pfandbriefe have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency. 
Es gibt keine Verpflichtung, Informationen hinsichtlich einer Management- und Übernahmeprovision und einer Verkaufsprovision 
anzugeben, wenn die Pfandbriefe eine Mindeststückelung von EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag in einer anderen Währung 
haben.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Stabilising Manager(s):  
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Manager: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel [Ja] [Nein] 
 Munich Stock Exchange 
 
Börse München 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 Other Market Segment  
[●] 
anderes Marktsegment  
[●] 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Luxemburger Börse 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
EuroMTF 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Sonstige: 
[●] 
 Rating31 
[specify details] 
Rating29 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (wie geändert) (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert ist oder die Registrierung 
beantragt hat.] 
[The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) 
a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within 
five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 
30 days following such update.] 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Amounts payable under the Pfandbriefe will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR®, which is currently 
provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [SONIA®, which is currently provided by the Bank 
of England] [SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [OTHER, 
which is currently provided by [insert administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [EMMI] [the 
Bank of England] [the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear 
                                                     
31  
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Pfandbriefe, if any.  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Pfandbriefe, soweit vorhanden, einfügen.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”).]] 
[Die unter den Pfandbriefen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [EURIBOR®, der derzeit 
vom European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA®, der derzeit von der 
Bank of England zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR®, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER REFERENZZINSSATZ, der derzeit von [Administrator 
einfügen] zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
erschein[t][en] [EMMI] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [Administrator 
einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen 
Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde („ESMA“) gemäß Artikel 36 der Benchmark-Verordnung 
(Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die „Benchmark-Verordnung“) eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.] 
 
[UniCredit Bank AG 
___________________________________ 
 
[Name]]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION  
The tax legislation of the Member State of the prospective purchasers of Pfandbriefe and the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Pfandbriefe. 
Prospective purchasers of Pfandbriefe are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Pfandbriefe, including the effect of any 
state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country of which they are residents or 
otherwise subject to taxation.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
General 
The Issuer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to warrant and undertake that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Pfandbriefe or possesses or 
distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Pfandbriefe under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
The Issuer has acknowledged and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that, other than with respect to the admission of the Pfandbriefe to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by the relevant listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, no action has 
been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer that would permit a public offer of the Pfandbriefe, 
or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Pfandbriefe which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Pfandbriefe to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Pfandbriefe. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each 
a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Pfandbriefe which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may, make an 
offer of such Pfandbriefe to the public in that Relevant State: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Pfandbriefe specify that an offer of those Pfandbriefe may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State 
(a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a base prospectus in relation to 
such Pfandbriefe, which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such base prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such base 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Pfandbriefe referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Pfandbriefe to the public" in relation to 
any Pfandbriefe in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Pfandbriefe to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Pfandbriefe and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom" or "UK") 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Pfandbriefe which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Pfandbriefe to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Pfandbriefe. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Pfandbriefe specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Pfandbriefe which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may, make an offer of such Pfandbriefe to the public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Pfandbriefe specify that an offer of those Pfandbriefe may 
be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date 
of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Pfandbriefe which either (i) has been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of 
the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Pfandbriefe referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 85 of the FSMA or supplement a base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Pfandbriefe to the public" in relation to 
any Pfandbriefe in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Pfandbriefe to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Pfandbriefe and the expression "UK Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Pfandbriefe other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses, where the issue of the Pfandbriefe would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Pfandbriefe in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended ("FSMA") does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Pfandbriefe in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States of America  
(a) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Pfandbriefe have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act, and, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms with respect to 
Pfandbriefe with a maturity on the issue date of one year or less, may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons except in

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered and sold any Pfandbriefe of any 
Tranche (i) as part of its distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion 
of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and such completion is notified to each 
relevant Dealer, by the Principal Paying Agent, except in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 
904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented 
and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf, have engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Instrument, it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. 
(c) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Pfandbriefe of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of 
a Tranche of Pfandbriefe issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to 
the Pfandbriefe of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, 
the relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Principal Paying Agent the 
completion of the distribution of the Pfandbriefe of such Tranche. On the basis of such 
notification or notifications, the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to notify such Dealer/Lead 
Manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Each 
Dealer has also represented and agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of 
Pfandbriefe, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration that purchases Pfandbriefe from it during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Pfandbriefe covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended ("Securities Act") and may not be offered and sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of this tranche of Pfandbriefe as 
determined, and notified to the relevant Dealer, by the relevant Agent. Terms used above have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(d) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Pfandbriefe, except with 
its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
 
Pfandbriefe, other than Pfandbriefe with a maturity of one year or less (including unilateral 
rollovers or extensions) and Pfandbriefe that are not considered to be in bearer form for United 
States federal income tax purposes, will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United 
States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D Rules"), or in accordance 
with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
("TEFRA C Rules"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, in respect of Pfandbriefe issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, 
and during the restricted period will not offer or sell, Pfandbriefe in bearer form to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or 
its possessions definitive Pfandbriefe that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Pfandbriefe in bearer form are aware that such Pfandbriefe may not be offered or sold 
during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the 
Pfandbriefe for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such 
Dealer retains Pfandbriefe in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Pfandbriefe in bearer form 
for the purposes of offering or selling such Pfandbriefe during the restricted period, 
such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it 
will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii); and 
(v) 
such Dealer will obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements 
contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) from any person other than its affiliate 
with whom it enters into a written contract, as defined in United States Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4), for the offer and sale during the restricted 
period of Pfandbriefe. 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA 
D Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Pfandbriefe issued in accordance with the TEFRA C Rules, 
Pfandbriefe must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Pfandbriefe 
in bearer form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed in connection with the original 
issuance of the Pfandbriefe, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly 
or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or purchaser is within the United 
States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its United States office in the offer or 
sale of Pfandbriefe. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder, 
including the TEFRA C Rules. 
(e) 
Each issue of index-, commodity- or currency- linked Pfandbriefe shall be subject to such 
additional United States selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree 
as a term of the issue and purchase of such Pfandbriefe, which additional selling restrictions 
shall be set out in the Final Terms. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it shall offer, 
sell and deliver such Pfandbriefe only in compliance with such additional United States selling 
restrictions. 
Bearer Pfandbriefe issued pursuant to the TEFRA D Rules (other than Temporary Global Notes and 
Pfandbriefe with a maturity, taking into account any unilateral rights to roll over or extend, of one year 
or less) and any Receipts or Coupons appertaining thereto will bear the following legend: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code."

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Pfandbriefe under the Programme were duly 
authorised by the Group Asset/Liability Committee ("ALCO"), a subcommittee of the Management 
Board of HVB, on 17 April 2001. The full EUR 50,000,000,000 authorisation amount of this 
Programme may also be applied by other base prospectuses of HVB, however, the aggregate utilised 
amount of this Programme together with any other base prospectuses of HVB under this Programme 
will not exceed EUR 50,000,000,000. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of the articles of association of the Issuer, the consolidated annual reports in respect of the fiscal 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 of the Issuer, the forms of the Global Notes and the Final 
Terms will be available during usual business hours on any weekday (except Saturdays and public 
holidays) at the offices of the Issuer and of BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, 60, 
Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg in its capacity as listing agent for the Pfandbriefe. The 
unconsolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the fiscal year ended 31 December 
2020 prepared in accordance with the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) will also be 
available at the listing agent's offices. For the life of this Base Prospectus, all documents from which 
information has been incorporated by reference herein will be available for collection in the English 
language or German language, as applicable, free of charge, at the offices of the Issuer (UniCredit Bank 
AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, Germany) and can be inspected on the following websites of 
UniCredit Bank AG: https://www.onemarkets.de/basisprospekte (with regard to the base prospectuses), 
https://www.onemarkets.de/de/rechtliches/registrierungsdokumente-uvp.html (with regard to the 
registration 
document), 
https://www.hypovereinsbank.de/portal?view=/de/ueber-uns/investor-
relations-en/reports.jsp 
(with 
regard 
to 
the 
annual 
reports) 
and 
https://www.hypovereinsbank.de/hvb/ueber-uns/investor-relations-en/corporate-governance-en (with 
regard to the articles of association). 
Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking SA, Clearstream Banking AG 
Pfandbriefe may be cleared through either Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-
1210 Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) ("CBL") or Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany) ("CBF") and/or any alternative clearing 
system. The appropriate securitiy identification codes for each Series of Pfandbriefe will be contained 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may decide to deposit, or otherwise arrange for the clearance of, 
Pfandbriefe issued under the Programme with or through an alternative clearing system. The relevant 
details of such alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant 
ISIN and/or Common Code will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Agents 
Principal Paying Agents under the Programme are UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 
Munich, Germany and Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
Calculation Agent under the Programme is UniCredit Bank AG, Arabellastrasse 12, 81925 Munich, 
Germany and Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom or such other entity as may be appointed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent under the Programme is BNP Paribas Securities Services, 60, Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
The Issuer may decide to appoint another Principal Paying Agent and/or Paying Agent and/or 
Calculation Agent for the Pfandbriefe issued under the Base Prospectus. The relevant details of such 
alternative Principal Paying Agent and/or Paying Agent and/or Calculation Agent will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant Changes in HVB’s Financial Position and Trend  
The performance of HVB Group also in 2021 depends on the future development on the financial and 
capital markets, and the real economy as well as on the imponderables related. In this environment, 
HVB Group reviews its business strategy on a regular as well as on an ad hoc basis and adopts it where 
necessary. There has been (i) no significant change in the financial position of the HVB Group which 
has occurred since 31 December 2020, and (ii) no material adverse change in the prospects of HVB 
Group since 31 December 2020, the date of its last published audited financial statements (Annual 
Report 2020).  
Significant Changes in Financial Performance 
Since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published 
(31 December 2020) to the date of this Base Prospectus, no significant changes in the financial 
performance of the HVB Group exist. 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Any of the Dealers appointed by the Issuer from time to time in respect of the Programme or a single 
Tranche of Pfandbriefe and their affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and its 
affiliates. In addition, any of such Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Further interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the issue/offer may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Third party information 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its 
knowledge this information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and 
able to ascertain from information published by such third party no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Use of Proceeds and reasons for the offer  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Pfandbriefe 
by the Issuer will be used for its general corporate purposes, i.e. making profits. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there exists a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net proceeds for 
general corporate purposes of the Issuer, i.e. making profits, then this will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms. In any case, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Pfandbriefe. This may 
not apply in case of "green" Pfandbriefe, "social" Pfandbriefe and "sustainability" Pfandbriefe which 
serve the refinancing of eligible assets as further specified in the Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 2ZCNRR8UK83OBTEK2170.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information specified below under, and, with regard to point (i) below, the information included in  
(i)  
Pages 1-21 of the "Registration Document of UniCredit Bank AG, dated 20 May 2020, approved 
by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht)" (the "Registration Document"), including the following 
documents which are incorporated by reference into the Registration Document 
(https://www.onemarkets.de/content/dam/onemarkets-
relaunch/PDF/Registrierungsdokumente/VO_UCB_RD_EN.PDF):  
 (a) 
Audited financial statements of HVB Group for the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2019 (prepared in accordance with HGB) 
(https://www.hypovereinsbank.de/content/dam/hypovereinsb
ank/ueber-uns/pdf/investor-
relations/Berichte/EN/2020/Annual-Report-HVB-Group-
2019.pdf), 
(b) 
Audited 
unconsolidated 
financial 
statements 
(Jahresabschluss) (prepared in accordance with HGB) at 31 
December 2019 (incorporated by reference into the 
Registration 
Document) 
(https://www.hypovereinsbank.de/content/dam/hypovereinsb
ank/ueber-uns/pdf/investor-
relations/Berichte/EN/2020/Annual-Report-UniCredit-Bank-
AG-HVB-2019.pdf,  
(ii)  
"Audited financial statements of HVB Group for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020" 
(prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
HGB) 
(https://www.hypovereinsbank.de/content/dam/hypovereinsbank/ueber-uns/pdf/investor-
relations/Berichte/EN/2020/Annual-Report-HVB-Group-2020.pdf), 
(iii)  "Audited unconsolidated financial statements (Jahresabschluss) of UniCredit Bank AG for the 
fiscal 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020" 
(prepared 
in 
accordance 
with 
HGB) 
(https://www.hypovereinsbank.de/content/dam/hypovereinsbank/ueber-uns/pdf/investor-
relations/Berichte/EN/2020/Annual-Report-UniCredit-Bank-AG-HVB-2020.pdf), 
(iv) 
"The Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and Part I of the Form of Final Terms included in 
the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 26 April 2019 in respect of the 
Programme" 
(https://www.onemarkets.de/content/onemarkets-
relaunch/de/rechtliches/basisprospekte/UniCreditBankAG/2019.prospectus.pdf/dip_2019_-
_base_prospectusfortheissuanceofpfandbriefeincludinggl_223515703), and 
(v) 
"The Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and Part I of the Form of Final Terms included in 
the base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe dated 1 April 2020 in respect of the 
Programme" 
(https://www.onemarkets.de/content/onemarkets-
relaunch/de/rechtliches/basisprospekte/UniCreditBankAG/2020.prospectus.pdf/dip_2020_-
_base_prospectusfortheissuanceofpfandbriefeincludinggl_358753222) 
shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated 
parts of the aforementioned documents are either not relevant for potential investors or are covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
Pages of the 
document 
containing 
information 
incorporated by 
reference: 
Inserted in this 
Base Prospectus 
(clean version) on 
the following 
pages: 
Registration Document of UniCredit Bank AG, 
dated 20 May 2020, approved by the German 
Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finandienstleistungsaufsicht) 
 
 
A. 
Risk Factors 
p. 4-10 
p. 8 
B. 
Persons responsible 
p. 10 
p. 22 
C. 
Statutory Auditors 
p. 10 
p. 22 
D. 
UniCredit Bank AG 
p. 11 
p. 22 
E. 
Business Overview 
p. 12 
p. 22 
F. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
p. 14-16 
p. 22 
G. 
Major Shareholders 
p. 16 
p. 22 
H. 
Financial Statements of HVB 
p. 16-17 
p. 22 
I. 
Audit Opinions of the Auditors 
p. 17 
p. 22 
J. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
p. 17-20 
p. 22 
K. 
General Information 
p. 20-21 
p. 22 
Audited financial statements of HVB Group for the 
fiscal year ended 31 December 2019  
 
 
- 
Consolidated Income Statement 
p. 88 to 89 
p. 22 
- 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
p. 90 to 91 
p. 22 
- 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Consolidated 
Shareholders' Equity 
p. 92 to 93 
p. 22 
- 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
p. 94 
p. 22 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
p. 95 to 254 
p. 22 
- 
Auditor's Certificate 
p. 256 to 261 
p. 22 
Audited 
unconsolidated 
financial 
statements 
(Jahresabschluss) of UniCredit Bank AG for the 
fiscal year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
- 
Income Statement of UniCredit Bank AG 
p. 78 to 79 
p. 22 
- 
Balance Sheet of UniCredit Bank AG 
p. 80 to 85 
p. 22 
- 
Notes 
p. 86 to 143 
p. 22

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
- 
Auditor's Report 
p. 145 to 150 
p. 22 
Audited financial statements of HVB Group for the 
fiscal year ended 31 December 2020  
 
 
- 
Consolidated Income Statement 
p. 88 to 89 
p. 22 
- 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
p. 90 to 91 
p. 22 
- 
Statement 
of 
Changes 
in 
Consolidated 
Shareholders' Equity 
p. 92 to 93 
p. 22 
- 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
p. 94 
p. 22 
- 
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
p. 95 to 250 
p. 22 
- 
Auditor's Certificate 
p. 252 to 259 
p. 22 
Audited 
unconsolidated 
financial 
statements 
(Jahresabschluss) of UniCredit Bank AG for the 
fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
- 
Income Statement of UniCredit Bank AG 
p. 76 to 77 
p. 22 
- 
Balance Sheet of UniCredit Bank AG 
p. 78 to 83 
p. 22 
- 
Notes 
p. 84 to 141 
p. 22 
- 
Auditor's Report 
p. 143 to 150 
p. 22 
The Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and 
Part I of the Form of Final Terms included in the 
base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe 
dated 26 April 2019 in respect of the Programme 
 
 
- 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
p. 66 to 132 and 
p. 133 to 201 
p. 22 
- 
Part I of the Form of Final Terms 
p. 202 to 215 and 
p. 216 to 225 
p. 22 
The Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and 
Part I of the Form of Final Terms included in the 
base prospectus for the issuance of Pfandbriefe 
dated 1 April 2020 in respect of the Programme 
 
 
- 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
p. 35 to 81 and 
p. 82 to 127 
p. 22 
- 
Part I of the Form of Final Terms 
p. 128 to 149  
p. 22 
 
The documents from which information has been incorporated by reference into this  
Base Prospectus, have been published on the website of the Issuer and can be found under the links set 
out above in the list of documents incorporated by reference.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
Copies of any or all of the documents from which information has been incorporated herein by reference 
will be available, free of charge, at the offices of UniCredit Bank AG (Arabellastrasse 12, 
81925 Munich, Germany).

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
ISSUER 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALER  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
AUDITORS TO UNICREDIT BANK AG 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Rosenheimer Platz 4 
81669 Munich 
Germany 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
in relation to ICSD Pfandbriefe 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
in relation to Pfandbriefe deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
in relation to Pfandbriefe listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany