--- Page 1 ---
(i) 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Austria) 
€ 40,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
FOR THE ISSUE OF INSTRUMENTS 
INCLUDING PFANDBRIEFE AND COVERED BANK BONDS 
DUE FROM ONE MONTH TO 40 YEARS FROM THE DATE OF ISSUE 
 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ("Bank Austria" or the "Issuer", and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Bank 
Austria Group"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue 
instruments in bearer form (the "Instruments") including: (i) ordinary senior notes (the "Senior Notes"); (ii) ordinary 
senior eligible notes and senior non-preferred eligible notes. (the "Eligible Notes"); and (iii) subordinated notes (the 
"Subordinated Notes") (together the "Notes"); as well as (iv) Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefe") and (v) covered bank 
bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) (the "Covered Bank Bonds" together with the Pfandbriefe, the "Covered 
Bonds") denominated in such currencies as may be agreed with the Purchaser(s) (as defined below). The Instruments will 
have maturities from one month to 40 years from the date of issue (except as set out herein) and, subject as set out herein, 
the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Instruments from time to time outstanding will not exceed € 
40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of agreement to issue, subject as further set out herein). 
The Instruments may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (each, a "Dealer" and together, the 
"Dealers", which expressions shall include any additional Dealer appointed under this € 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") from time to time). Instruments may also be issued directly by the Issuer to 
persons other than Dealers. Dealers and such other persons are referred to as "Purchasers". 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et 
portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law").  
This prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has been approved by the CSSF (the "Base Prospectus"). The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the respective Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Instruments issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this document to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Further, 
Instruments may be admitted to trading on the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange or 
other regulated or non-regulated markets within the European Economic Area or elsewhere or may be unlisted, as 
specified in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). No assurance can be given that the Instruments will be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other regulated or non-regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Instruments being "listed" in Luxembourg (and all related references) shall, for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, mean that such Instruments have been admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount or principal amount of, the interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue price 
of, and any other matters not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of Instruments will be set out in the 
Final Terms which, with respect to Instruments to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will 
be delivered to the relevant authorities in Luxembourg. Each Final Terms will contain the final terms of each Tranche of 
Instruments for the purposes of Article 8(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Instruments may, after notification in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to trading on 
the regulated markets of and/or admitted to listing on the stock exchanges of one or more member states of the European 
Economic Area and/or publicly offered within the European Economic Area. The Issuer has requested the CSSF to 
provide each of the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde – "FMA") being the competent 
authority in the Republic of Austria as well as the competent authority in Germany (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin") with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been

--- Page 2 ---
(ii) 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide certificates of 
approval to competent authorities in additional states of the European Economic Area. Instruments may also be issued by 
the Issuer under other base prospectuses according to national laws and the Prospectus Regulation. In such case the 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Instruments issued under all base prospectuses of the Issuer will still not 
exceed € 40,000,000,000.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months after its approval.  
The validity ends upon expiration on 31 March 2022. There is no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Subject as set out herein, this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will only be valid for listing Instruments if the 
aggregate of the principal amount of those Instruments and all Instruments outstanding as at the date of issue of those 
Instruments did not exceed € 40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in the other currencies specified herein) outstanding at 
any one time, calculated by reference to the Exchange Rate prevailing at the date of the respective subscription 
agreement (the "Agreement Date"). For purposes of the relevant currency in the London foreign exchange market as 
quoted by any leading bank selected by the Issuer on the Agreement Date and the Agreement Date shall mean, in respect 
of any issue of Instruments under the Programme, the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of such 
Instruments. 
Tranches of Instruments may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, such rating will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Instruments will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) will be disclosed clearly and prominently in 
the Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by and filed with the CSSF and has been published on 31 March 2021 in 
electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.bankaustria.at/en/about-us-issues-under-base-prospectuses-base-prospectuses.jsp). 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, except websites related to the documents incorporated by reference, and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE INSTRUMENTS UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME WHICH INVESTORS SHOULD ENSURE THEY FULLY UNDERSTAND (SEE "RISK 
FACTORS" BELOW). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS DOES NOT DESCRIBE ALL OF THE RISKS OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE INSTRUMENTS. 
Arranger 
UNICREDIT 
Dealers  
UNICREDIT 
UNICREDIT BANK AUSTRIA 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 31 March 2021

--- Page 3 ---
(iii) 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The purpose of this Base Prospectus is to give information with regard to the Bank Austria Group and the 
Instruments.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement to the Base Prospectus and with all the 
documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated by 
reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Dealers (other 
than the Issuer) as to the accuracy or completeness of the financial or other information contained in or 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, or any other financial statements or any further 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Instruments or their distribution. The 
statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Instruments and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or by any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements nor any further information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Instruments are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Instruments should purchase any of the Instruments. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing Instruments should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. None of this Base 
Prospectus, any other financial statements or any further information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Instruments constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of them to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any of the Instruments. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or 
the date upon which the Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries during the life of 
the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any of the Instruments. 
The Issuer has undertaken to supplement the Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus if and when 
the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has further agreed to furnish a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Instruments and which arises or is noted between the time when the Base Prospectus has been approved and 
the final closing of any tranche of Instruments offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of 
any tranche of Instruments on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later, in respect of Instruments 
issued on the basis of the Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should inform themselves as to the legal requirements and tax consequences within their 
country of residence for the acquisition, holding or disposition of Instruments. 
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that the 
Instruments may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available hereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, save as specified in this Base Prospectus, no action has been

--- Page 4 ---
(iv) 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of the Instruments or distribution of 
this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Instruments may 
not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers 
and sales by them will be made on the same terms. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Instruments may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Instruments come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of the Instruments in the United States, the United 
Kingdom, the European Economic Area, Japan, South Africa, and Hong Kong (see "Subscription and Sale" 
below). 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and include Instruments in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Instruments may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For a 
more complete description of restrictions on offers and sales and applicable US tax law requirements, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
None of the Dealers (also in their capacity as green or ESG (as defined below) structuring agent), any of their 
affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability 
of the Instruments to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The 
Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of any sustainability bond framework or 
any eligible sustainable projects (including the Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below)), any 
verification of whether such eligible sustainable projects meet the criteria set out in such sustainability bond 
framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "euro", "€", "EUR" are to euro, references to "$", "U.S.$" and 
"U.S. dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "£" and "Sterling" are to pounds sterling. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Instruments include (other than as may otherwise be specified or the 
context otherwise requires and other than in the Terms and Conditions of Instruments, Terms and Conditions 
of Pfandbriefe and Terms and Conditions of Covered Bank Bonds) Covered Bonds.  
Each potential investor in the Instruments must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Instruments, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Instruments and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Instruments 
and the impact the Instruments will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Instruments, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Instruments and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets;  
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country where the Instruments are transferred or other jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Instruments; and

--- Page 5 ---
(v) 
(vii) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
PRIIPS Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(as amended) (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined 
in 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation. 
No 
key 
information 
document 
required 
by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
(vi) 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments and which 
channels for distribution of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Register 
Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to, inter alia, the Constant Maturity 
Swap ("CMS"), which is currently provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"); the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), which is currently provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI"); the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is currently provided by the Bank of 
England; the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is currently provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; the Euro-Short Term Rate ("€STR"), which is published by the European Central 
Bank since 2 October 2019 or to other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) (the "Benchmark Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, SONIA, SOFR and €STR are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "Benchmark Register"), while IBA does 
not appear on such register. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, among 
others, through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings ("ESG ratings").  
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings 
may differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service the Instruments and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment 
decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Instruments. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more 
information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the 
relevant ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, 
this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 7 ---
(vii) 
Stabilising 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL 
TERMS (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF A STABILISATION MANAGER) MAY OVER-
ALLOT INSTRUMENTS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
MARKET PRICE OF THE INSTRUMENTS AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
INSTRUMENTS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO 
LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF 
THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-
ALLOTMENT SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS 
AND RULES BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGERS. 
ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM OVER-ALLOTMENT AND STABILISATION SHALL BE BORNE, 
AND ANY NET PROFIT ARISING THEREFROM SHALL BE RETAINED, AS AGAINST THE 
ISSUER, BY ANY STABILISING MANAGER FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT. 
Investing in the Instruments issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk 
factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Instruments 
are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Reference is made in the Terms and Conditions of Notes, Terms and Conditions of Pfandbriefe and Terms and 
Conditions of Covered Bank Bonds to the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. Investors should consult the Issuer should they require specific information 
regarding particular definitions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of websites referred to in this Base Prospectus, other than 
documents specifically incorporated by reference herein, do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
( ) 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME........................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ................................................................................................................... 27 
CONSENT TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................. 28 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 30 
GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE INSTRUMENTS ................................................................................. 43 
OVERVIEW OF COVERED BONDS .............................................................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS ................................................................................ 49 
PART A 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................... 52 
English language version ............................................................................................................... 52 
German language version .............................................................................................................. 90 
PART A 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................. 131 
MUSTER-ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN ................. 131 
PART B 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF COVERED BONDS ............................................................. 165 
English language version ............................................................................................................. 165 
German language version ............................................................................................................ 193 
PART B 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE PFANDBRIEFE AND THE COVERED BANK BONDS222 
MUSTER-ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN DER PFANDBRIEFE UND FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN ....................................................................................... 222 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION ......................................................................................................... 255 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 256 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ............................................................................................................................ 257 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 262 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 265

--- Page 9 ---
1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General  
The Programme is a continuously offered Euro Medium Term Note Programme of UniCredit Bank Austria 
AG (the "Issuer") in an aggregate amount of up to € 40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any one time. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Instruments in U.S. dollars, euros, Australian dollars, Canadian 
dollars, Danish kroner, South African rand, Sterling, Swedish kronor and Swiss francs and such other 
currency or currencies, subject to compliance with relevant laws, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
any relevant Purchaser. Instruments may have a maturity of between one month and 40 years and be issued 
in such denomination, in each case with a minimum denomination of € 1,000 (or the respective equivalent 
in other currencies), as may be agreed with the relevant Purchaser. No money market instruments having a 
maturity at issue of less than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market under this Base Prospectus. 
Instruments may be either interest bearing at fixed or variable rates or non-interest bearing, with principal 
repayment at a fixed amount. Instruments (other than Covered Bonds) may be subordinated or senior. The 
instruments will be redeemed at least at their respective nominal amount. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the Noteholders shall be 
governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany (main statute). The provisions in § 2 (Status) 
shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Austrian law. 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law except for its conflict of 
law rules as far as such rules would lead to the application of foreign law. 
Instruments may be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange, other regulated or non-regulated 
markets within the European Economic Area or elsewhere or may be unlisted. To the knowledge of the 
Issuer, (i) securities of the same class as Senior Notes and of the same class as Pfandbriefe are already 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Official Market (Amtlicher 
Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange and (ii) securities of the same class as Subordinated Notes are 
already trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Instruments may be distributed by way of an exempt or non-exempt offer to the public and in each case on a 
non-syndicated or a syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. With respect to the categories of potential investors (investor categories), the 
Instruments are not subject to any restrictions except for the selling restrictions mentioned in "Subscription 
and Sale"; the Instruments can be issued to qualified investors and/or retail investors. 
The applicable terms of any Instruments will be as set out in the Terms and Conditions of those Instruments 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms, as agreed with the relevant Purchaser prior to the issue of such 
Instruments. The yield on Fixed Rate Instruments is determined by the Issuer and relevant Dealers prior to 
the relevant issuance and stated in the relevant Final Terms. The method used to calculate the yield is the 
ICMA method or another method to be selected by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The ICMA method determines the effective interest rate of fixed rate 
Instruments taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
General information regarding the return on Instruments and the calculation of such return 
Any return on Instruments will be dependent on the basis of interest paid on such Instruments. Particular 
reference values are used to calculate the applicable interest rate. Thus, for the purpose of calculating the 
interest rate, the Final Terms will specify the underlying reference value, along with any other variables that 
factor into the calculation of the interest rate.  
Since the interest calculations depend on the underlying reference value and such reference value can 
fluctuate over time, the return on such Instruments can similarly fluctuate. Depending on the other 
variables, such fluctuations of the return on the Instruments may be stronger or weaker than the fluctuations 
of the underlying reference rate.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase securities of UniCredit Bank Austria AG ("Bank Austria" or the "Issuer", and 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Bank Austria Group"), investors should carefully review 
and consider the following risk factors (the "Risk Factors") and the other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference) or any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below materialise, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Bank Austria 
Group. Moreover, if any of these risks materialise, the market value of the securities and the likelihood that 
the Issuer will be in a position to fulfill its respective payment obligations under the securities may 
decrease, in which case the holders of such securities (the "Noteholders") could lose all or part of their 
investments. Additional risks and uncertainties, which are not currently known to the Issuer, or which the 
Issuer currently believes are immaterial, could impair the business operations of the Issuer or the Bank 
Austria Group and have a material adverse effect on their businesses, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
The risk factors are presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. In each 
category the most material risk factor is mentioned first according to the assessment of the Issuer. The 
Issuer assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
 
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the Issuer 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer´s specific business activities 
1.1 
Risk from lending business (credit risk) 
As a universal bank with a wide range of banking products and services, lending is one of the Issuer's main 
business areas. The Issuer is thus materially exposed to credit risks associated with such lending activities. 
Credit risk of the Issuer also results from exposures to UniCredit S.p.A. or UniCredit S.p.A.'s consolidated 
subsidiaries (together, the "UniCredit Group")The credit risk of the Issuer, consisting of credit default risk 
including counterparty risk and Issuer risk as well as country risk is influenced, amongst others, by several, 
unforeseeable factors, including economic and political trends, such as recessions, industry-specific market 
developments, foreign currency risks, changes in tax and monetary policies, natural disasters, wars, changes 
in laws and regulatory requirements, liquidity and expectations of the capital markets as well as consumer 
behaviour with regard to investments and savings. 
The solvency of the Issuer's customers could, among other things, deteriorate as a result of the above-
mentioned factors, with the result that they may probably not be in a position to meet their entire contractual 
obligation towards the Issuer as a whole, without the Issuer being required to resort to measures like the 
enforcement of collateral (where and to the extent available). 
In addition, the value of the loan collaterals (e.g. real estate, securities and deposits) could fall below the 
amount of the respective secured claims of the Issuer. Further, if collateral is enforced, the Issuer could be 
unable to realise the expected value. 
As a result, the Issuer could be required to adjust the value of its respective receivables and/or form 
additional loan loss provisions and higher reserves leading to losses for the Issuer. 
A weakening of demand for financial products and/or inaccurate assessments of the creditworthiness of a 
customer and/or the relevant country risk could also result in losses and have detrimental effects on the 
operating results of the Issuer and its business and financial situation. 
In addition to traditional banking activities, the Issuer is active in transactions in securities, derivatives, 
foreign exchange, commodities or securities lending/repurchase transactions. In this context further risks 
could arise from settlement or performance that is not provided at all or in a timely manner by the 
counterparty as well as from system failures at clearing agencies/houses, stock exchanges or other 
financial intermediaries (including the Issuer). 
The Issuer’s credit risk is determined based on the classic commercial customer businesses geared 
towards the regional Austrian market and the equally significant private customer business. As of 
31 December 2020, loans and receivables with customers amount to € 61 billion; approximately two 
thirds thereof are attributed to Unternehmerbank (i.e. the Corporate division) and Corporate & Investment 
Banking division. The remaining third is attributable to loans and receivables from private customers 
(Privatkundenbank). Of such private customer segment, nearly one quarter relates to Swiss franc loans, 
involving foreign exchange risk. While such foreign exchange risk is allocated to the Issuer's respective

--- Page 11 ---
3 
customers, the Issuer is subject to the risk that such customers may challenge such risk allocation. This 
could result in a material foreign exchange risk materialising at the Issuer, which could have material 
detrimental effects on the operating results of the Issuer and its business and financial situation. 
Due the Covid-19 pandemic with a strong negative impact on the worldwide and domestic economic 
development also in 2021, the Issuer is facing increased credit/default risk – despite governmental 
measures to support private and corporate customers with their loan obligations, such as granted 
moratoria and state guarantees for existing or new loans. This may result in losses for the Issuer and/or the 
inability of the Issuer to generate liquidity out of such assets when required or desirable. 
1.2 
Risks from trading activities (market risk), interest rate fluctuations and foreign exchange 
business 
The Issuer is exposed to market risk, which mainly arises in the Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) 
business segment. Market risk relates on the one hand to financial assets held by the Issuer for trading 
purposes (reflected in the Issuer's trading book) and on the other hand - mainly invested in interest-
bearing securities - to strategic investments or to liquidity reserve portfolios held by the Issuer without 
intent to trade therein (reflected in the Issuer's banking book). 
Market risk is the potential loss of on- and off-balance-sheet positions in the Issuer's trading and banking 
books that can arise in response to adverse changes in market prices (interest rates, equities, credit spreads, 
foreign exchange and commodities), other price-influencing parameters (volatilities, correlations), trading-
related events in the form of default or change in credit ratings of securities (specific price risk for interest 
net positions) or decreased market liquidity. 
Interest rate fluctuations in Europe and other markets in which the Issuer does business may negatively 
affect its financial situation and profitability. For example, the current low interest rates are causing a 
decrease in margins, especially on the deposit side, that is having a direct negative impact on earnings. The 
Issuer is exposed to the risk that there will be a substantial long-term decrease in earnings that would have 
detrimental effects on the operating results of the Issuer and its business and financial situation which in 
turn would lead to a loss in market value of the Issuer. 
The Issuer earns income outside the eurozone and a portion of its transactions is conducted in other 
currencies than euro. Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to exchange rate risks and risks pertaining to 
transactions in foreign currencies. Unfavourable changes in exchange rates and the enactment of restrictive 
foreign exchange regulations could therefore negatively affect the business activities of the Issuer and its 
financial situation. 
The Issuer is also exposed to market liquidity risk. This means that the Issuer may suffer losses when 
disposing of an asset that can only be liquidated on the market at a discount. In extreme cases, the Issuer 
may not be able to sell such an asset, as the market does not offer enough liquidity or the Issuer holds a 
position that is too large compared to the market turnover. This may result in losses for the Issuer and/or the 
inability of the Issuer to generate liquidity out of such assets when required or desirable. 
1.3 
Risks from other business activities 
In addition to the core/banking business, the Issuer is also exposed to risks from other business areas such as 
management of its own real estate and financial investments (equity interest held by the Issuer). 
Real estate risk relates to potential losses resulting from changes in the market value of the real estate 
portfolio of the Issuer.  
With regard to real estate assets, the main risk for the Issuer relates to potential adverse developments of the 
market value compared with the value accounted for in the Issuer's books. Relevant factors that may 
contribute to such adverse developments are the future usage by the Issuer, property rents/bank rents, 
market rents, occupancy rate, rental contract periods and required investment. The development of the value 
of real estate assets is largely dependent on economic trends. Should economic growth slow down, there 
will be a corresponding decline in demand for rental properties. This could result in losses on real estate 
assets and have negative consequences for the operating results and financial situation of the Issuer. 
Financial investment risk covers potential losses arising from fluctuations in the measurement of the 
Issuer’s equity interest. Financial investment risk of the Issuer stems from equity held in companies that are 
not included in the consolidated financial statements according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") principles or are not included in market risk. The financial investment portfolio consists 
of listed and unlisted interests. Operational or financial losses to which these companies are exposed could 
cause decreases in the value of these participations and thus have negative effects on the assets, liabilities 
and situation of the Issuer.

--- Page 12 ---
4 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer´s financial situation  
2.1 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer is required under the relevant regulatory framework for banks, among other things, to ensure that 
the processing of its payment obligations related to foreseeable and unforeseeable business transactions and 
the maintenance of available means of payment are guaranteed at all times. In this regard, the Issuer is 
subject to the risk that it may not able to meet its payment obligations on time or in full and/or the risk that 
it may not be able to obtain sufficient liquidity when required or that liquidity will only be available at 
higher interest rates, and/or as the risk that it will only be able to liquidate assets on the market at a discount. 
For example, a financial market crisis could lead to financial instability and to a decline in volume and 
availability of liquidity in the short-term, medium-term and long-term funding market. Such situation may 
result in an increased dependence on central bank liquidity. Further, counterparty risk between banks could 
increase substantially. This could result in a decline in interbank business and/or a decrease of customers' 
confidence. Reduced trust in banks could result in large outflows of deposits held by the Issuer. As a 
consequence, liquidity problems may arise for the Issuer, resulting in a limited ability to fund its activities 
and to meet its statutory minimum liquidity requirements. 
Further, the Issuer's access to liquidity could be impeded, if its access to bond markets deteriorates and/or it 
cannot obtain other forms of interbank loans. Reduced availability and/or higher costs of funding combined 
with reduced access to funding and/or the inability of the Issuer to dispose of its assets could have negative 
effects on its ability to process its payment obligations when due and/or to maintain means of payment 
available as required to meet its statutory minimum liquidity requirements. 
Another risk relates to transfers of liquidity within Bank Austria Group and more broadly within 
UniCredit Group which includes the Issuer. Such transfers are monitored by the relevant regulatory 
authorities and the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries could be forced to reduce their lending or borrowing 
within Bank Austria Group. Also, changes in Austrian and supra- or international laws with regard to 
thresholds and the risk weight of intra-group exposures could have substantial negative effects on the 
internal funding of the Issuer, the costs of this funding (especially when it must be procured externally). 
This could compromise the Issuer's ability to ensure compliance by itself and/or its subsidiaries with 
applicable liquidity requirements through an intra-group transfer of liquidity, which in turn could have 
substantial negative effects on the operating results of the Issuer and on its business and financial 
situation. 
The Issuer is also subject to risks known as ‘systemic risks’. The Issuer routinely processes high volumes of 
transactions with its sister bank UniCredit Bank AG, Munich. UniCredit Bank AG, in turn, manages 
corresponding transactions with numerous counterparties in the financial services sector, including business 
with brokers and traders, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Institutions 
processing such transactions are linked through trading, investment, clearing and counterparty relationships, 
among others. Market disruptions could have detrimental effects on financial intermediaries such as 
clearing facilities, clearing houses, banks, securities houses and stock exchanges with which the Issuer 
interacts on a daily basis. This could in turn have negative effects on the Issuer's ability to procure new 
funding via its cooperation with UniCredit Bank AG, and/or its ability to process its payment obligations 
when due and/or to maintain means of payment available as required to meet its statutory minimum 
liquidity requirements. 
2.2 
Risks arising from pension commitments 
The Issuer is required to provide defined benefits to certain former employees, that retired before an 
Austrian pension reform became effective on 31 December 1999 and as a special feature of the Issuer’s staff 
regulations, to provide future benefits, equivalent to those under mandatory insurance, earned by pensioners 
for whom the Issuer has assumed the obligations of the mandatory pension insurance scheme pursuant to 
Section 5 of the Austrian General Social Insurance Act (Allgemeines Sozialversicherungsgesetz - "ASVG") 
if these persons signed a pension agreement not later than 29 February 2016 and if they left the company to 
take retirement by 31 December 2016. All pension insurance obligations of active employees were in the 
meantime transferred to the state pension insurance system, i.e. the number of pensioners receiving pension 
payments from the Issuer will only decline in the future. 
Low interest rates are an adverse factor with regard to the pension provisions. It is conceivable that, should 
low interest rates persist for a protracted period of time, the discount rate for the defined benefit obligation 
("DBO") will have to be lowered, requiring an increase of the pension provisions. Furthermore, actuarial 
risks, such as longevity risk (changes to the mortality tables) may require a further increase of the pension 
provisions. As of 31 December 2020, the present value of pension commitments in the balance sheet of the 
Issuer was at € 4,009 million.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
Overall, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that it may be required to increase its pension provisions, in 
particular due to reductions in the discount rate for the DBO. In turn, this could have substantial negative 
effects on the operating results of the Issuer and on its business and financial situation. 
 
3. 
General risks related to the Issuer´s business operations 
3.1 
Risks related to pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public 
health concerns, in particular with regard to the Covid-19.  
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as 
the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic at the end of 2019 and its associated disease ("Covid-19") 
outbreak, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on 
travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews ("lock-downs") or other 
social distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect on the global economy and international 
financial markets in general and on the Austrian home market of the Bank Austria Group in particular.  
The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the 
respective outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, 
the availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial (e.g., governmental 
stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to implement effective responses 
to the respective situation at the international, national and regional level as well as the level of civil 
compliance with such measures.  
There is no guarantee that such measures, or a combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an 
outbreak and the implications resulting therefrom. The Issuer expects that the continued global spread of 
Covid-19 and its mutations will have a detrimental impact on global economic growth in the first half of 
2021 and potentially thereafter, depending on the course of the pandemic. Some affected countries are likely 
to also experience a recession. Furthermore, there are expected to be significant disruptions in global supply 
chains as well as a decline in demand due to purchasing restraints in affected countries and quarantine 
measures, among other reasons. In addition, some countries have enacted moratoria on debt payments, 
which could negatively affect income streams of financial institutions. It is still not foreseeable to what 
extent and intensity financial markets will react to the overall current developments. 
The effects of Covid-19 may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for Bank 
Austria Group and, ultimately, have material adverse effects on the operating results of the Issuer and its 
business and financial situation. 
3.2 
Business risk 
The Issuer defines business risk as potential losses resulting from unexpected negative changes in the 
business volume and/or margins that are not attributed to other risk types (e.g. credit, market, operational 
risk). Essentially, business risk refers to the possibility that the Issuer will have lower than anticipated 
profits or experience a loss rather than taking a profit impairing the Issuer's ability to provide its investors 
with adequate returns. Business risk can result above all from a serious deterioration in the local and global 
market environment, changes in the competitive situation, in customer behaviour or in expenses structure, 
or changes to the legal framework. Given that the Issuer’s activities are mainly concentrated in Austria, 
scenarios that would include a deterioration of the macroeconomic conditions in Austria could cause an 
increase in the business risk of the Issuer. It can lead to serious losses in earnings. 
3.3 
Risks from concentrations of risk and earnings 
Concentrations are accumulations of risk and/or earnings positions that react similarly to specific 
developments or events. Risk concentrations may have an impact within a risk type or across risk types. 
They indicate increased potential losses resulting from an imbalance of risk positions held with regard to 
customers or in products or specific industries and countries in line with the Bank Austria Group's business 
model and business strategy. 
The largest concentrations of credit risk are in Austria, the Issuer's core market. In terms of industries, the 
largest concentrations of credit risk are – apart from the private customer business – associated with 
commercial real estate and public sector customers which account for the largest volume of loans. 
In addition, concentrations of earnings may also occur at individual customers, business segments, products, 
industries or regions which also constitutes a business-strategy related risk for the Issuer. 
If the economic environment deteriorates in individual sectors or countries to which the Issuer is materially 
exposed, the Issuer may be affected to a greater extent by such deterioration due to an existing

--- Page 14 ---
6 
concentration risk, resulting in potentially higher losses as would be the case if there were no concentration 
risk. 
3.4 
Operational risk 
Due to its business operations the Issuer is exposed to operational risks ("OpRisk").  
The Issuer defines OpRisk in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (as amended) (Capital 
Requirements Regulation - "CRR") as the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, systems and individuals or from external events. The definition of OpRisk includes legal risk 
but excludes strategic and reputational risk. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, 
penalties, or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements. 
The group of various types of operational risk of the Issuer contains among others: 
 
Risks related to the use of necessary Information- and Communication Technology (ICT)-systems, 
e.g. due to unavailability of ICT or hacker attacks (ICT Risk); 
 
Risks related to disruption and/or discontinuity of critical business processes (business continuity 
management risk); and 
 
Risks related to the outsourcing of operations and processes to external providers (outsourcing risk). 
If OpRisk materialises, financial losses of the Issuer could arise, that the Issuer cannot or not timely or only 
partially meet its payments obligations. 
3.5 
Reputational risk 
Due to the type of its business, the Issuer is exposed to reputational risk. The Issuer defines reputational risk 
as the risk of a negative Profit and Loss ("P&L") effect caused by adverse reactions of stakeholders due to 
their altered perception of the Issuer, which can in turn be triggered by the materialisation of a primary risk 
such as credit risk, market risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, business risk, strategic risk or other primary 
risks. Thus, reputational risk potentially arises as an additional risk from the materialisation of primary risks 
as for example an operational risk of the Issuer. However, reputational risk can also materialise 
independently from primary risks. For example, if a high-level representative of the Issuer makes statements 
concerning matters of the Issuer that are adversely perceived by the public. 
Reputational risk may result in a loss of confidence of stakeholders vis-à-vis the Issuer. The Issuer defines 
customers, employees, regulators, rating agencies and creditors as key stakeholders. A possible reaction of 
stakeholders arising from the loss of confidence could be for example that customers cancel their 
relationship to the Issuer or rating agencies downgrade the Issuer’s rating. 
The effects of a reputational risk event on the P&L of the Issuer may be reflected e.g. in the operational risk 
(e.g. losses due to increased customer complaints), in the business risk (e.g. decline in turnover) or liquidity 
risk (e.g. increased funding costs). 
3.6 
Cyber Risks  
Computer systems of banks are increasingly being targeted by cyber criminals. Cyber attacks such as denial 
of service attacks, implementation of malware and phishing may lead to the loss of customer data and other 
sensitive information as well as to losses of liquid assets, including cash. Furthermore, cyber attacks could 
disrupt electronic systems of the Issuer, including those used to service its customers. Successful cyber 
attacks could also harm the Issuer’s reputation and could have a material adverse effect on its operating 
results, financial condition and prospects through the payment of customer compensation, regulatory 
penalties and fines and/or through the loss of assets. In addition, cyber attacks against critical infrastructure 
such as the telecommunications network in regions where the Issuer operates could have a negative impact 
on the Issuer as this could negatively affect its ability to communicate with its customers and other relevant 
parties. The consequences of such attacks against telecommunication networks could be very serious as a 
substantial and continuously growing share of business transactions between the Issuer and its customers is 
carried out via electronic channels requiring functioning telecommunication networks. The prevention of 
such attacks could lead to significant costs in order to improve necessary security measures against such 
attacks.

--- Page 15 ---
7 
If these risks materialise, financial losses of the Issuer could arise, so that the Issuer cannot or not timely or 
only partially meet its payments obligations. 
3.7 
Brexit 
The United Kingdom ("UK") has left the European Union ("EU") as of 31 January 2020 ("Brexit"). On 
31 December 2020 the transitional period previously agreed between the UK and the EU expired. Although 
the UK and the EU have announced the terms of a trade deal on 24 December 2020 which took provisional 
effect immediately following the expiry of the transitional period, the future terms of the UK’s relationship 
with the EU continue to be not entirely clear. The related uncertainties are likely to continue to result in 
market disruptions affecting the Issuer and heightened volatility in the market and might affect European or 
worldwide economic or market conditions and may contribute to instability in global financial and foreign 
exchange markets. 
 
4. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
4.1 
Legal and tax risks 
With regard to legal risks, Bank Austria Group is involved in various legal proceedings at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The Issuer and other companies belonging to the Issuer are required to abide by various 
legal and regulatory requirements. Failure to do so may lead to litigation and administrative proceedings or 
investigations, which could subject the Issuer and other companies belonging to the Issuer to damage 
claims, regulatory fines or other penalties. 
In many cases, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the outcome of the proceedings and the amount of 
possible damages. These cases may include possible criminal or administrative proceedings by the relevant 
authority and claims in which the claimant has not specifically quantified the amounts in dispute. 
In that regard, the Issuer has processes in place to ensure adequate analysis of procedures and risks as a 
basis for deciding whether provisions for legal risks must be increased in specific cases or whether 
existing provisions are appropriate under the current circumstances. Following an analysis in each case, 
the Issuer has created appropriate provisions for legal risks for ongoing proceedings. However, the 
possibility that the existing provisions are inadequate cannot be ruled out. As of 31 December 2020, 
provisions reflected in the sub-item "other provisions" are equal to € 196 million, of which € 81 million 
constitute provisions for legal risks, and tax disputes. 
Regarding tax risks, external tax audits of the Issuer and other companies belonging to the Issuer are 
currently being conducted. It cannot be ruled out that these external tax audits may lead to supplementary 
payments of taxes and interest. Such additional payments could have negative effects on the operating 
results of the Issuer and/or its business performance and financial situation. 
Moreover, if the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries should violate or be alleged to violate tax laws of one or 
more of the countries in which the Issuer does business, the Issuer could be exposed to additional risks of 
tax proceedings and the potential consequences thereof. In addition to subjecting the Issuer to possible 
penalty payments, such proceedings may also damage the reputation of the Issuer and thereby have a further 
negative impact on the Issuer’s business performance and financial situation. 
4.2 
Compliance risk 
As a bank, the Issuer is subject to specific compliance risk. Compliance risk is defined as an existing or 
future risk to income or capital as a consequence of infringements of or non-compliance with laws, 
regulations, statutory provisions, agreements, mandatory practices and ethical standards. This may result in 
fines, compensation for damage and/or contracts being rendered null and void in addition to damaging the 
Issuer’s reputation. 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of becoming inadvertently involved in money laundering, terrorist financing 
and other criminal offences. In such case, the Issuer could face significant financial, regulatory, judicial and 
reputational consequences. While the Issuer’s compliance department is tasked with supporting 
management through the continuous monitoring of compliance risks, there can be no assurance that the 
procedures and measures of the Issuer’s compliance department will always be completely effective at 
timely identifying and fully eliminating any compliance-related risks. Should cases of non-compliance (e.g. 
fraud) occur in the future, they could subject the Issuer to both financial and reputational damages.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
4.3 
Regulatory risks 
The activities of the Issuer are regulated and supervised by the central banks and regulatory authorities in 
the countries and regions where the Issuer does business. Within the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
established by Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 ("SSM Regulation") the Issuer is subject to the 
direct supervision by the European Central Bank (the "ECB"). 
The bank regulatory regimes in the various local jurisdictions contain disparities and may change at any 
time. This could have a severe impact on the Issuer’s competitive situation and may require the Issuer to 
take wide-ranging measures. Apart from, for example, significantly higher capital costs and a significant 
increase in the cost of implementing regulatory requirements, changes in the Issuer’s business model may 
also be required. 
Should the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries not fully comply with the regulatory requirements of the 
respective supervisory authorities, this could lead to sanctioning measures by the relevant authority, 
including restrictions on the business activity of the Issuer or its subsidiaries or the withdrawal of the 
Issuer’s banking license. 
Furthermore, according to European and Austrian legal regimes on bank recovery and resolution, credit 
institutions such as the Issuer are obliged to prepare recovery plans and to participate in the preparation of 
resolution plans by the respective resolution authority. The respective competent authority may initiate early 
intervention measures in order to react to a critical financial situation. If the requirements for resolution are 
met, the competent resolution authority may undertake a range of measures, in particular resolution 
measures. In such a case, there would be a risk of total loss of invested capital for shareholders and creditors 
of the credit institution. 
Moreover, the parent institution of the Issuer, UniCredit S.p.A., as well as the Issuer are required to meet 
the minimum requirement for eligible liabilities ("MREL"). The relevant minimum contribution is 
determined yearly by the respective resolution authority. If the competent resolution authority requests an 
increase of the Issuer’s MREL, this could require the Issuer to issue additional eligible liabilities at 
substantial costs. This could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s profitability and financial 
situation. 
The Issuer is subject to stress testing measures introduced by the Austrian financial supervisory authorities 
(Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde - "FMA")) and the Austrian National 
Bank (Oesterreichische Nationalbank - "OeNB"), European institutions and authorities (European Banking 
Authority (EBA), European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), ECB, European Systemic Risk 
Board (ESRB)) and Single Resolution Board (SRB) as well as by the supervisory authorities in the 
countries in which the Issuer operates. 
The ECB has classified UniCredit S.p.A. as a so-called "global systemically important institution" ("G-
SII") and the Issuer as a so-called "other systemically important institution" ("O-SII"). The Issuer, as 
subsidiary of UniCredit S.p.A., is subject to the EU-wide stress tests. As these stress tests are run at the 
highest level of consolidation, the Issuer is subject to the EU-wide stress tests only as a subsidiary of 
UniCredit S.p.A., but not on an individual level. The Issuer, as a subsidiary of UniCredit S.p.A., will be 
subject to the EU-wide stress test 2021 and quite likely to similar measures in the future. 
In addition to the participation in EU-wide stress tests on a consolidated basis, the Issuer is also required to 
regularly conduct internal stress tests based on macroeconomic scenarios or on ad-hoc basis. The results of 
these internal stress tests are provided to the top management of the Issuer and of relevant subsidiaries of 
the Issuer as well as to the OeNB. 
In addition, UniCredit S.p.A. and the Issuer are subject to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP"). Consequently, the Issuer may be required to comply with additional prudential requirements or 
take remedial actions (such as raising own funds) in case of poor stress test results or deficiencies being 
identified in the course of stress testing measures or in connection with SREP by the Issuer, UniCredit 
S.p.A. or one of the financial institutions with which they do business. Any of such developments could 
have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business performance and financial situation. 
If the relevant conditions are met, the resolution authority shall apply resolution actions in relation to 
the Issuer. 
The Directive 2014/59/EU (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive - "BRRD") and the 
Regulation (EU) 806/2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation - "SRMR") are the main legal basis 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions (including the Issuer) within the Banking Union. 
If the conditions for resolution are met, the resolution authority shall take resolution actions (i.e. resolution 
tools and resolution powers) in relation to the Issuer in order to be able to exercise an orderly resolution, if 
the Issuer is failing (or likely to fail) and to preserve the financial stability.

--- Page 17 ---
9 
The conditions for resolution of the Issuer are: 
 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail has been made by the competent authority 
or the resolution authority; and 
 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or 
the write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and taken in respect of the Issuer, 
would prevent the failure of the Issuer within a reasonable timeframe; and 
 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The resolution tools are: (i) the sale of business tool; (ii) the bridge institution tool; (ii) the asset separation 
tool; and (iv) the bail-in tool. 
By applying the bail-in tool the resolution authority may write down eligible liabilities in a cascading 
contribution to loss absorption of the Issuer or convert them into instruments of ownership. Moreover, the 
resolution authority can separate the performing assets from the impaired or under-performing assets and 
transfer the shares in the Issuer or all or part of the assets of the Issuer to a private purchaser or a bridge 
institution without the consent of the shareholders. 
In addition, the resolution authority has so-called resolution powers, which it may exercise individually or 
in any combination in relation to or for the preparation of the application of a resolution tool in relation to 
the Issuer. 
5. 
Strategy related risks 
5.1 
Risks related to the Issuer's business strategy 
The Issuer’s core target market is Austria. Consequently, the Issuer’s profitability and risk profile is 
dependent on the Austrian economy and – in light of globalisation – by the impact of world economy and 
the world financial markets on this core market. In this context, strategic risk results from management 
either not recognising early enough or not correctly assessing significant developments or trends in the 
Issuer’s environment. One element of strategic risk could be the neglection or belated adoption of relevant 
trends. As a consequence, fundamental management decisions could, in retrospect, prove to be 
disadvantageous in terms of the Issuer’s long-term goals. Also, the effects of such decisions might be 
difficult to reverse or irreversible. 
At present, in terms of strategic risk, the Issuer considers the following specific areas relevant: 
 
Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") related developments. Increased regulation and 
public awareness related to such issues involves, amongst others, considerable reputational risk for 
the Issuer, if the Issuer cannot demonstrate that it adequately addresses these issues in its strategy. 
 
Economic environment – If the Issuer does not properly assess in its strategy the economic 
environment, including, among other things, the stabilising measures in the eurozone or the 
development of economic growth in Europe, this could have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
profitability. 
 
Strategic orientation of the Issuer’s business model - There is a risk that the strategic orientation of 
the Issuer’s business model could lead to imbalances in the earnings contributions of the business 
areas for example due to the persistently low interest rate environment. 
 
Banking industry specific risks - There is a risk that the intensification of competitive conditions 
(also attributable to digitalization and technical disruptions) in the financial sector could, for 
example, lead to losses in market shares of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer’s rating - There is a risk that a rating downgrade is not foreseen in time which could 
make funding costs higher for the Issuer or have a negative impact on the business opportunities of 
the Issuer as a counterparty in the interbank market or with rating-sensitive customers. 
5.2 
Risks related to the Issuer’s status as a subsidiary of UniCredit S.p.A. 
UniCredit S.p.A. holds 99.996% of the shares in the Issuer. Consequently, and subject to any necessary 
approvals, UniCredit S.p.A. could take actions that may have a strong impact on the long-term business 
prospects of the Issuer. Such actions could aim at promoting UniCredit S.p.A. strategy of improving its 
overall profitability without adequate consideration of the interests of the Issuer and potential adverse 
effects on the long-term business prospects of the Issuer and/or Bank Austria Group. The Issuer is therefore 
exposed to the risk that, as part of efforts by UniCredit S.p.A. to optimise operations, the scope of its 
business activities could be reduced. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's revenues and business 
prospects. Existing business of the Issuer could be impaired and the Issuer could be required to divest assets

--- Page 18 ---
10 
or cease operations. This could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or Bank Austria 
Group’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Moreover, the potentially substantial costs of the implementation of such optimization efforts cannot be 
accurately determined in advance. Substantial unexpected costs relating to optimization measures, such as 
litigation costs, costs related to a possible reduction of the number of employees and costs related to the 
future IT systems of the Issuer, could also negatively affect the Issuer’s and/or Bank Austria Group’s results 
of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer’s business is interwoven on many levels with that of the UniCredit Group. This includes mutual 
refinancing arrangements, competence centres for individual business segments to which the Issuer has 
access, the holding of positions on each other’s corporate bodies, the implementation of group-wide IT 
systems, common products and standards, as well as measures regarding the capital of the Issuer. Adverse 
economic developments regarding UniCredit Group, particularly UniCredit S.p.A., could result in a 
reduction in support for the Issuer with regard to capital and liquidity. Moreover, there is a significant risk 
that a downgrading of UniCredit S.p.A.’s credit ratings could have a negative effect on the Issuer's credit 
ratings as well. Furthermore, a deterioration of the economic performance of UniCredit S.p.A., could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s own business. The materialisation of any of such risks relating to UniCredit 
Group and its overall economic performance could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or 
Bank Austria Group’s results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
Risk Factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Instruments issued under the Programme 
The risk factors regarding the Instruments are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the regulatory classification of the Instruments 
1.1 
Senior Notes of the Issuer 
Noteholders of the Senior Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called 
"loss absorbing cascade"): (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") items; (ii) Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") 
instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured 
claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) of the 
Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz – "BaSAG") (so-called "senior 
non-preferred debt instruments"); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities, including liabilities pursuant to 
§ 131(4) BaSAG (such as the Senior Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings, including the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Senior Notes may be fully or partially 
written down or converted into instruments of ownership. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims resulting from the Senior Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and 
obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible 
deposits from natural persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made 
through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
in the near future also the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association (Liquiditätsverbund) 
and a credit institution association (Kreditinstitute-Verbund) pursuant to § 30a of the Austrian 
Banking Act (Bankwesengesetz – "BWG"), in each case, to the extent required by § 27a BWG 
(as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant provisions have not yet been implemented 
into Austrian law); 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as claims resulting from the Senior Notes); and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to 
§ 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (so-called "senior non-preferred debt instruments"), i.e. debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the 
debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded 
derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; (iii) the relevant contractual documentation 
and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower 
ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Senior Notes are junior to the claims 
listed in points (a) and (c). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the Senior Notes would 
only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied.

--- Page 20 ---
12 
1.2 
Covered Bonds of the Issuer 
Noteholders of Covered Bonds are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption, if and to the extent 
their claims are not covered by the relevant cover pool. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called 
"loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated 
debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (so-called "senior non-preferred debt instruments"); and 
(v) the rest of bail-inable liabilities, including liabilities pursuant to § 131(4) BaSAG (such as any liabilities 
under the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered by the relevant cover pool) in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, including the ranking provided 
for deposits in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank 
Bonds may be written down or converted into instruments of ownership, if and to the extent claims of 
Noteholders resulting from the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds are not covered by the relevant 
cover pool. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims resulting from the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds, if and to the extent their 
claims are not covered by the relevant cover pool. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and 
obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible 
deposits from natural persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made 
through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
in the near future also the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association and a credit 
institution association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a 
BWG (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant provisions have not yet been 
implemented into Austrian law); 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as any claims resulting from the Covered Bank Bonds which 
are not covered by the relevant cover pool); and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to 
§ 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (so-called "senior non-preferred debt instruments"), i.e. debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the 
debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded 
derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; (iii) the relevant contractual documentation 
and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower 
ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, any claims resulting from the Pfandbriefe and the Covered 
Bank Bonds which are not covered by the relevant cover pool are junior to the claims listed in points (a) and 
(c). For this reason, any payments on any claims resulting from the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank 
Bonds which are not covered by the relevant cover pool would only be made, if and to the extent any senior 
ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
The cover assets for the Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank Bonds may not at all times be sufficient in 
order to cover the Issuer's obligations under the Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank Bonds and/or 
replacement values may not be added in due time to the cover fund.

--- Page 21 ---
13 
The cover assets of the respective cover pool for the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds could not be 
sufficient at all times in order to cover the Issuer's obligations under the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank 
Bonds and/or replacement values could not be added in due time to the cover pool. 
Each of the mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe), the public Pfandbriefe (öffentliche Pfandbriefe) 
and the Covered Bank Bonds (Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) are secured (gedeckt) by assets 
registered with a designated cover pool (Deckungsstock). The cover assets need to meet the respective 
eligibility criteria provided for in the Austrian Mortgage Bank Act (Hypothekenbankgesetz – "HypBG") or 
in the Austrian Act on Covered Bank Bonds (Gesetz betreffend fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen – 
"FBSchVG"), as applicable. 
In the event of insolvency or enforcement proceedings regarding the Issuer and/or its assets, the relevant 
cover pools are separated from the Issuer's other assets for the preferential satisfaction of the claims of the 
Noteholders of the respective Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank Bonds. 
However, a cover pool for a kind of the Covered Bonds might not be sufficient at all times to cover all 
obligations under the respective Covered Bonds. As each cover pool is designated either to mortgage 
Pfandbriefe, public Pfandbriefe, mortgage Covered Bank Bonds or public Covered Bank Bonds, investors 
cannot rely that assets dedicated to a cover pool that is not dedicated to the type of covered bond investors 
are invested in may be used to satisfy their claims.  
1.3 
Eligible Notes of the Issuer 
Noteholders of the Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called 
"loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) subordinated 
debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (so-called "senior non-preferred debt instruments", such as 
the senior non-preferred Eligible Notes); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities, including liabilities 
pursuant to § 131(4) BaSAG (such as the ordinary senior Eligible Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, including the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 BaSAG, 
to the extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the resolution authority decides to 
apply a resolution tool to the Issuer, the resolution authority shall exercise the write down or conversion 
power in relation to relevant capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments) and certain 
eligible liabilities before applying any resolution tool (other than the bail-in tool). 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities or bail-in 
tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Eligible Notes may be fully or partially written 
down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not 
be affected. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits and certain other claims and potentially also 
senior unsecured claims have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Eligible Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and 
obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible 
deposits from natural persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made 
through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU; 
(c) 
in the near future also the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association and a credit 
institution association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a

--- Page 22 ---
14 
BWG (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant provisions have not yet been 
implemented into Austrian law); 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims (such as claims resulting from the ordinary senior Eligible Notes); 
and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to 
§ 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (so-called "senior non-preferred debt instruments", such as the 
senior non-preferred Eligible Notes), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt 
instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; and (iii) the 
relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the ordinary senior Eligible Notes are 
junior to the claims listed in points (a) and (c) and claims resulting from the senior non-preferred Eligible 
Notes are junior to the claims listed in points (a) to (d). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting 
from the Eligible Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully 
satisfied. 
Noteholders of the senior non-preferred Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may 
issue further (senior) debt instruments or incur further (senior) liabilities. 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured or subordinated 
debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking senior to the 
senior non-preferred Eligible Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Noteholders of the senior non-preferred Eligible Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Noteholders (if at all) only subject to the 
prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
If such right is foreseen in the Terms and Conditions, Noteholders of the Eligible Notes will have the right 
to call for the early redemption of their Eligible Notes, provided however, only subject to certain conditions, 
in particular the prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
Therefore, Noteholders of the Eligible Notes may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in 
the Eligible Notes until their final maturity. 
The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons. 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for such right, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the 
Eligible Notes before their stated maturity, at any time for reasons of taxation. 
In any case, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible Notes before their stated 
maturity, at any time for regulatory reasons. 
Therefore, it may be that the Eligible Notes will be early redeemed and thus, investors will not be able to 
hold the Eligible Notes until the stated maturity and accordingly, might not achieve the expected yield. 
The Issuer may early redeem or repurchase the Eligible Notes, subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible Notes at any time either for reasons of 
taxation or regulatory reasons (in each case, if the Terms and Conditions provide for such right). In 
addition, if the Terms and Conditions provide for such right, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the 
Eligible Notes before their stated maturity on a specified call redemption date. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Eligible Notes are subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority. Under the CRR, the Resolution Authority may only permit institutions to early 
redeem or repurchase eligible liabilities instruments (such as the Eligible Notes) if certain conditions are 
met with. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory 
capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Resolution Authority in its 
assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the

--- Page 23 ---
15 
Resolution Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during 
the term of the Eligible Notes. It is therefore not possible to assess whether, and if so, on what terms, the 
Resolution Authority will grant its prior permission for any early redemption or repurchase of the Eligible 
Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Eligible Notes will be made at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of 
exercising an early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market 
conditions).Therefore, there is the risk that the Issuer will not exercise any early redemption right in relation 
to the Eligible Notes and that the Noteholders will stay invested in the Eligible Notes until their maturity 
date. 
The Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not be subject to 
set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default and the 
Noteholders of the Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of 
interest (except in case of Zero Coupon Instruments) or principal. 
Furthermore, the Eligible Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine 
their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee or any other 
arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Eligible Notes. 
1.4 
Subordinated Notes of the Issuer 
Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called 
"loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes); (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; and (v) unsecured claims 
resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (so-called 
"senior non-preferred debt instruments"); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities, including liabilities 
pursuant to § 131(4) BaSAG, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, 
including the ranking provided for deposits in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the resolution authority decides to 
apply a resolution tool to the Issuer, the resolution authority shall exercise the write down or conversion 
power in relation to relevant capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments) and certain 
eligible liabilities before applying any resolution tool (other than the bail-in tool). 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments or the bail-in tool is applied to the 
Issuer, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes may be fully or partially written down or converted 
into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not be affected. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, certain deposits, certain other claims and senior unsecured 
claims have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Subordinated Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
(i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the rights and obligations of 
covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
(i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that would be eligible deposits from natural 
persons, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if they are not made through branches (located 
outside the EU) of institutions established within the EU;

--- Page 24 ---
16 
(c) 
in the near future also the liquidity reserve within a liquidity association and a credit institution 
association pursuant to § 30a BWG, in each case, to the extent required by § 27a BWG (as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the relevant provisions have not yet been implemented into Austrian law); 
(d) 
ordinary unsecured claims; and 
(e) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to § 131(3)(1) 
to (3) BaSAG (so-called "senior non-preferred debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the 
following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one 
year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
(iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the 
issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Further, according to Article 48(7) BRRD which has been newly introduced by the EU Banking Package, 
EU Member States shall ensure that all claims resulting from own funds items (such as the Subordinated 
Notes and to the extent the Subordinated Notes qualify as own funds items) have, in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. If an 
instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as a claim 
resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own 
funds item. The EU Member States shall adopt the relevant national provisions by 28 December 2020 and 
apply them no later than 28 December 2020. In Austria, however, the relevant provisions have not yet been 
adopted. 
Consequently, upon entry into force of the respective Austrian provisions implementing this new provisions 
(which quite likely will also apply to existing instruments), the claims resulting from the Subordinated 
Notes will have a lower priority ranking not only than any claim resulting from an item that does not result 
from an own funds item, but also than any claim resulting from an item which at the time of issuing the 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes is (fully or partly) recognised as an own funds item, but which at 
the time of opening normal insolvency proceedings against the Issuer is no longer recognised as an own 
funds item.  
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Subordinated Notes are junior to the 
claims listed in points (a) to (e). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from the Subordinated 
Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have been fully satisfied. 
Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt 
instruments or incur further liabilities. 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of (ordinary unsecured or subordinated) 
debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, ranking pari passu 
with or senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
Subordinated Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not be subject 
to set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes do not give the Noteholder the right to accelerate any 
future scheduled payment of interest (except in case of Zero Coupon Instruments) or principal.  
Furthermore, the Subordinated Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a guarantee or 
any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Noteholders. 
Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their 
Subordinated Notes. 
Therefore, Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Subordinated Notes until their final maturity. 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons.

--- Page 25 ---
17 
The Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity (also 
before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time for reasons of taxation. 
Similarly, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated 
maturity (also before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time for regulatory reasons. 
Therefore, it may be that Subordinated Notes will be early redeemed and thus, investors will not be able to 
hold the Subordinated Notes until the stated maturity and accordingly, might not achieve the expected yield. 
The rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, redeem early the Subordinated Notes at any time either for tax or 
regulatory reasons at the Early Redemption Amount plus interest accrued until the date fixed for 
redemption. In addition, if the Terms and Conditions provide for such right, the Issuer may at its sole 
discretion redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity, but not before five years after the 
date of their issuance, on a specified Call Redemption Date at the applicable Call Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior permission of 
the Competent Authority. Under the CRR, the Competent Authority may only permit institutions to early 
redeem or repurchase Tier 2 instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) if certain conditions are met. 
These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital 
requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Competent Authority in its 
assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how the 
Competent Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during 
the term of the Subordinated Notes. It is therefore not possible to assess whether, and if so, on what terms, 
the Competent Authority will grant its prior permission for any early redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Competent Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Subordinated Notes will be made at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors such as the economic and market impact of exercising 
an early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions. Therefore, 
there is the risk that the Issuer will not exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Subordinated 
Notes and that the Noteholders will stay invested in the Subordinated Notes until their maturity date. 
Notwithstanding if the Issuer exercises an early redemption right in relation to Subordinated Notes with the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority, Noteholders of Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk 
that due to such early redemption their investments may have a different than expected yield and maturity. 
Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes should therefore be aware that they may be required to bear the 
financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes until their final maturity. 
Specific risks in relation to the secondary market of Subordinated Notes; Market making for the Issuer’s 
own Subordinated Notes requires the prior permission of the Competent Authority and is subject to certain 
conditions and thresholds. 
Subordinated Notes may be only repurchased subject to regulatory conditions, such as in particular the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority. These restrictions impair the Issuer’s market making capacities. 
Where the Competent Authority does not grant the prior permission for market making, such restrictions 
may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Subordinated Notes and may lead to inadequate or 
delayed market prices for the Subordinated Notes. 
2. 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments 
2.1 
Fixed Rate Instruments  
A Noteholder with a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Instruments") is exposed to the risk that the price 
of such Instrument falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a 
Fixed Rate Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Instrument, 
the current interest rate on capital markets ("market interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the 
market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument also changes, but in the opposite

--- Page 26 ---
18 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument typically falls, until the 
yield of such Instrument is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument typically increases, until the yield of such Instrument is approximately 
equal to the market interest rate. If the Noteholder of a Fixed Rate Instrument holds such Instrument until 
maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Noteholder as the Instrument will 
be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Instrument.  
2.2 
Risks associated with the reform of Euribor, and other interest rate benchmarks 
A Noteholder of a Instruments with a floating rate of interest (the "Floating Rate Instruments") is exposed 
to the risk of fluctuating CMS rates (in case of Floating Rate Instruments linked to a constant maturity swap 
rate ("CMS")) or fluctuating reference rate levels (in case of Floating Rate Instruments linked to reference 
rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("Euribor") or other reference rates) and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating CMS rate levels or reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of 
Floating Rate Instruments in advance. 
The Euribor and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and 
together the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect on any 
Instruments linked to such a Benchmark.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) (the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). In addition, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations 
which may impact Benchmarks. The Benchmark Regulation applies to 'contributors', 'administrators' and 
'users' of Benchmarks in the EU, and (i) requires, among other things, Benchmark administrators to be 
authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain 'equivalence' conditions in its local jurisdiction, to 
be 'recognised' by the authorities of a Member State pending an equivalence decision or to be 'endorsed' for 
such purpose by an EU competent authority) and to comply with requirements in relation to the 
administration of Benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope 
of the Benchmark Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called 'critical Benchmark' indices such as 
Euribor, will apply to many other interest rate indices. Given that the Benchmark Regulation does not apply 
to central banks and that the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA®"), the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR®") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR®") are administered by the Bank of 
England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank ("ECB"), respectively, 
SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the future, such 
reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Instruments linked to a Benchmark rate, 
including in any of the following circumstances: 
 
a rate which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation, its authorisation is withdrawn or suspended, or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction 
which (subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy the 'equivalence' conditions, is 
not 'recognised' pending such a decision and is not 'endorsed' for such purpose. In such event, 
depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Instruments, the Instruments 
could be delisted, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark' could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Instruments, including Issuer determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. Although it is uncertain whether or

--- Page 27 ---
19 
to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or 
method of determining a Benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to be 
lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be, and/or could have an effect on the value of any 
Instruments whose interest or principal return is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be 
aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and the amount payable under the Instruments. Benchmarks could also be discontinued 
entirely. If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating 
rate Instruments which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Instruments, which in the end could result in the same rate being 
applied until maturity of the floating rate Instruments, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a 
fixed rate of interest (or resulting in a redemption right of the Issuer). Any of the foregoing could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on floating rate Instruments 
whose rate of interest is linked to a discontinued Benchmark.  
2.3 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Instruments may be linked to SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR®. SONIA® is based 
on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling 
overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop 
in relation to the SONIA® as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to 
Sterling LIBOR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA® that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Instruments 
which reference a SONIA® rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Instruments. Further, if the Instruments become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be 
determined on the date the Instruments became due and payable. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to any such Instruments. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the SOFR® 
as the rate that represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial 
contracts. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR® is subject to important 
limitations and disclaimers. SOFR® is published based on data received from other sources. There can be no 
guarantee that the SOFR® will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in the respective Instruments. If the manner in which the SOFR® is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the 
Instruments and the trading prices of the Instruments. SOFR® has been published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the 
SOFR® as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR®. Also, since the SOFR® is a relatively new interest 
rate index, the Instruments will likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the 
Instruments may be lower than those of later-issued interest rate indexed debt securities as a result. 
Similarly, if the SOFR® does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Instruments, the trading price 
of the Instruments may be lower than those of debt securities linked to interest rate indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in the Instruments may not be able to sell the Instruments at all or may not be able to 
sell the Instruments at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Instruments. 
In light of these developments and similar to the approaches in the United States and the United Kingdom, 
the Governing Council of the European Central Bank ("ECB") has decided to develop a euro short-term rate 
("€STR®") based on data already available to the eurosystem. €STR® reflects the wholesale euro unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, complements existing benchmark rates provided by the 
private sector and is published on each TARGET2 banking day since 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot 
be excluded that further changes will be implemented and, in particular, that there is no historical data or 
trends that investors could rely on and that the transition from existing reference rates to €STR® could result 
in further uncertainties and limitations, investors in the Instruments should consider all these factors when 
making their investment decision with respect to any such Instruments.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
2.4 
Instruments with a Cap 
Floating Rate Instruments may be equipped with a cap with respect to the interest payment. In that case, the 
amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Noteholder will not 
be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield of these Instruments 
could therefore be lower than that of similarly structured Instruments without a cap. The market value of 
such Instruments may decrease or fluctuate over their term to a higher extent than comparable interest 
structured Instruments without a cap. 
2.5 
Risk of early redemption 
Instruments that contain a call option of the Issuer (the "Call-Option") may be redeemed by the Issuer on 
certain call dates (the "Call Dates"), by giving notice to the Noteholders (subject to restrictions in 
applicable laws and regulations).  
Senior Notes and Eligible Notes may contain the right of the Issuer to redeem such Notes, if, as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations prevailing in Austria or pursuant to any agreement 
between the Issuer and the United States of America or any authority thereof or as a result of any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change becomes effective on or 
after the issue date of such Notes, withholding taxes are or will be capable of being levied on payments of 
principal or interest on such Notes or will be borne by the Issuer. 
In case of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early if the tax treatment of such Notes 
changes materially, such changes were not reasonably foreseeable at the issue date and such change is in the 
assessment of the Issuer materially disadvantageous for the Issuer.  
If the Issuer redeems any such Notes prior to maturity or if such Instruments are subject to an early 
redemption due to a tax or regulatory event, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to early redemption 
his investment may have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer might exercise its optional call right if the 
yield on comparable Instruments in the capital market falls which means that the investor may only be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in Instruments with a lower yield. 
For further specific risk aspects in connection with an early redemption of Eligible Notes and Subordinated 
Notes see also the risk factors: "1.3 Eligible Notes of the Issuer - The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at 
any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons", "1.3 Eligible Notes of the Issuer - The rights of the 
Issuer to may early redeem or repurchase the Eligible Notes, are subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority", "1.4 Subordinated Notes of the Issuer - The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at 
any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons", "1.4 Subordinated Notes of the Issuer - The rights 
of the Issuer to may early redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes, are subject to the prior permission 
of the Resolution Authority" in the section Risk Factors. 
2.6 
Amendments to terms and conditions pursuant to the German Bond Act 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of losing rights vis-à-vis the Issuer against their will in the event the other 
Noteholders agree pursuant to the Final Terms with the Issuer to make certain amendments to the terms and 
conditions by majority vote according to the German Bond Act (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) and the 
particular Noteholder is supporting a dissenting view on a matter. In the case of an appointment of a 
common representative for all Noteholders, a particular Noteholder may lose, in whole or in part, the 
possibility to enforce his rights against the Issuer regardless of other Noteholders. 
2.7 
An Austrian court could appoint a trustee for the Instruments to exercise the rights and represent 
the interests of Noteholders on their behalf in which case the ability of Noteholders to pursue their 
rights under the Instruments individually may be limited 
Pursuant to the Austrian Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee 
Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz), a trustee (Kurator) could be appointed by an Austrian 
court upon the request of any interested party (e.g. the Issuer or a Noteholder) or upon the initiative of a 
competent court, for the purposes of representing the common interests of the Noteholders in matters 
concerning their collective rights under the Notes to the extent such rights are endangered due to a lack of 
joint representation. In particular, this may occur if insolvency proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, 
in connection with any amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or changes relating to the 
Issuer, or under other similar circumstances.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
If a trustee is appointed, it will exercise the collective rights and represent the interests of the Noteholders 
and will be entitled to make statements on their behalf which shall be binding on all Noteholders. 
Noteholders will not be able to exercise any rights constituting collective rights on their own or to direct the 
trustee in the exercise of collective rights.Where a trustee represents the interests of and exercises the rights 
of Noteholders, this may conflict with or otherwise adversely affect the interests of individual or all 
Noteholders. 
2.8 
Zero Coupon Instruments 
Zero Coupon Instruments do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value 
(discounted Zero Coupon Instruments) or at their nominal value (compounded Zero Coupon Instruments). 
Instead of periodical interest payments, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price 
constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A Noteholder of a Zero 
Coupon Instruments is exposed to the risk that the price of such Instruments falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Instruments are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate 
Instruments and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing 
Notes with a similar maturity. 
2.9 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (except for the status provisions of the Instruments as well as 
the Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds which are governed by Austrian 
law) are based on German law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as 
to the impact of any possible judicial or administrative decision or changes to German and/or Austrian law 
after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
Risks related to the nature of the Instruments 
3.1 
Risks relating to market value of the Instruments 
The market value (or the market price) of the Instruments will be affected by a number of factors such as 
prevailing interest and yield rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions or, as the 
case may be, the remaining term of the Notes. If the Instruments are traded after their initial issuance, these 
factors may lead to a market value of the Instruments being substantially below their Issue Price. The 
market value, at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Instruments, may be substantially below the 
Issue Price. The Issuer does not guarantee that the spread between purchase and selling prices lies within a 
certain range or remains constant. If the Noteholder sells the Instruments at a time where the market value 
of the Instruments is below the Issue Price he will suffer a loss. 
3.2 
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk is one of the central risks of interest-bearing Instruments. The interest rate level on the 
money and capital markets may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Instruments to change 
on a daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes of the 
market interest rate level. Noteholders of floating rate Instruments may receive a lower interest amount than 
they have initially expected. Noteholders of fixed rate Instruments are exposed to an interest rate risk that 
could result in a diminution in value of the Instruments if the market interest rate level increases. In general, 
the effects of this risk increase as the market interest rates increase. 
3.3 
Currency risk with respect to the Instruments 
The Instruments may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction where the 
investor is domiciled or where the investor seeks to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies (the 
"Currency Exchange Rates") are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency 
markets, which are affected by macro-economic factors, speculations and intervention by the central banks 
and governments (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in Currency 
Exchange Rates may have a negative impact on the value of the Instruments and may result in a loss. 
3.4 
Green Instruments, Social Instruments, Sustainability Instruments: Use of Proceeds may not 
meet investors’ sustainable investment criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Instruments may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Instruments specifically for 
projects and activities that promote social and environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Projects" and/or

--- Page 30 ---
22 
"Eligible Social Projects", as applicable). UniCredit Group is in the process of establishing a 
"Sustainability Bond Framework" which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green 
Projects and Eligible Social Projects. The Sustainability Bond Framework will be available on the website 
of the Issuer and/or further websites of UniCredit Group. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Sustainability Bond Framework nor the content of the website or any Second Party Opinion (as defined 
below) are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Instruments together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Compliance with further voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Instruments, the Issuer may 
refer to such of Instruments as "green Instruments ", "social Instruments " or "sustainable Instruments ". The 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project is currently under 
development. In addition, it is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-
ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and 
objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a 
political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the 
"Taxonomy Regulation"). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance 
published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the overarching 
design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and financial 
institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European standard 
for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green 
Bond Standard"). On 15 April 2020, the Council adopted by written procedure its position at first reading 
with respect to the Taxonomy Regulation. The European Parliament will have to vote on the text pursuant 
to the "early second reading agreement" procedure. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 entered into force and will apply in part 
as of 1 January 2022 and will apply in whole as of 1 January 2023. On 12 June 2020, the European 
Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. This 
consultation was running for an extended period of 16 weeks until 2 October 2020. Based on the outcome of 
this consultation, as well as ongoing bilateral stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is likely to 
establish the EU Green Bond Standard in Q2 2021 according to Annex 1 of the European Commission 
Work Programme 2021. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or 
any sustainability advisor or second party opinion provider or any other person (including UniCredit Group) 
that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Instruments is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are 
required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by 
the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Instruments or, if

--- Page 31 ---
23 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of 
Instruments. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Instruments so 
specified for Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the Sustainability Bond Framework, there can be no 
assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including 
UniCredit Group) that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social 
Projects, as applicable. Nor can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG 
structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that such Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not give the Noteholder the right to early 
terminate the Instruments. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Instruments for any Eligible 
Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on (as 
further specified below) and/or any such Instruments no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Instruments and also potentially the value of any other Instruments which are intended to finance Eligible 
Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
3.5 
Sustainability evaluations 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person (including 
UniCredit Group) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Instruments and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects and/or 
Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria 
(such opinion or certification also referred to as a "Second-Party Opinion"). Any such Second Party 
Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Instruments issued in accordance with the 
Sustainability Bond Framework or any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Instruments.  
Such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is 
not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Instruments, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
(including UniCredit Group) to buy, sell or hold any Instruments. Any such Second Party Opinion is only 
current as of the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant provider(s) at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such Second Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second 
Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Instruments. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any recourse against the 
provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion.

--- Page 32 ---
24 
3.6 
Inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced by 
inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on an Instrument. If the inflation rate is 
equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
4. 
Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Instruments to trading on a 
regulated market 
4.1 
Risk that no active trading market for the Instruments exists 
The Instruments will be newly issued securities, which may not be widely distributed and for which no 
active trading market may exist and may develop. 
Although applications could be made for the Instruments to be admitted to the regulated market of any stock 
exchange or to any market within the European Economic Area, there is no assurance that such applications 
will be accepted, that a particular tranche of Instruments will be admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance regarding the development or liquidity of a trading market 
for a particular tranche of Instruments. Neither the Issuer nor a Dealer can assure that a Noteholder will be 
able to sell their Instruments prior to their maturity. If the Instruments are not traded on any securities 
exchange, pricing information for the Instruments may be more difficult to obtain which may have a 
negative effect on the liquidity and the market prices of the Instruments. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, purchase Instruments at any time and at any price in the open market, 
by tender or private agreement. Any Instruments purchased in this way by the Issuer may be held, resold or 
cancelled. If the Issuer acts as the only market maker or if there is no market maker, the secondary market 
may become even more limited. The more limited the secondary market is, the more difficult it may be for 
Noteholders to realise the value of the Instruments prior to the maturity date of the Instruments. Therefore, a 
certain risk does exist that Noteholders have to hold the Instruments until the maturity date of the 
Instruments or the Instruments are redeemed early (if a right to redeem the Instruments early is applicable). 
4.2 
Risks relating to the offering volume 
The offering volume described in the Final Terms is equal to the maximum volume of the Instruments 
offered, which might be increased at any time. This amount does not allow any conclusions on the volume 
of the Instruments actually issued, and thus on the liquidity of a potential secondary market associated with 
the same risks as stated above. 
4.3 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer or any of their affiliates has assumed or assumes responsibility towards 
any potential investor for the legality of the acquisition of the Instruments, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by 
that potential investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
 
5. 
Other risks related to the Instruments 
5.1 
Ratings 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Instruments is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Instruments to be issued under the 
Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, the Issuer may 
decide to no longer use the services of a particular rating agency or use the services of another rating 
agency. Any ratings assigned to Instruments as at the date hereof are not indicative of future performance of 
the relevant Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, in view of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), rating processes may differ from 
former ratings and rating processes as a result of which the rating of the Instruments may differ or may not 
be available at all. 
5.2 
Claims under the Instruments are not covered by the statutory deposit protection

--- Page 33 ---
25 
Claims of the Noteholders under the Instruments are not covered by the statutory deposit protection 
(Einlagensicherung). Therefore, in the insolvency of the Issuer, Noteholders of Instruments would be 
subject to the risk of a total loss of their investment in the Instruments (in particular if and to the extent the 
Instruments are not secured by any collateral). 
5.3 
Transaction costs 
When Instruments are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred beside the purchase or sales price of the Instruments. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even eliminate any profit from holding the Instruments. Generally, credit institutions 
charge commissions, which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions, depending on 
the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the execution of 
an order, for example domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders may also be charged for 
the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third-party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Noteholders (direct costs), potential investors 
must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Potential investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the 
Instruments before investing in the Instruments. 
5.4 
Risks relating to hedging transactions 
Noteholders may not be able to make transactions to preclude or limit risks at all times during the term of 
the Instruments. Their ability to do so will depend on, inter alia, market conditions. In some cases investors 
may make such transactions only at a market price that is disadvantageous to them, so that a significant loss 
will occur. 
5.5 
Transactions to reduce risks 
Any person intending to use the Instruments as a hedging instrument should recognise the correlation risk. 
The correlation risk in this case is the risk that the estimated and the actual correlation of the Instruments 
may differ. This means that the hedging position estimated to move in the opposite direction as a security 
may prove to be correlated with the security, and that this may lead to failure of the envisaged hedging 
transaction. The Instruments may not be a perfect hedge to an underlying or portfolio of which the 
underlying forms a part.  
5.6 
Risks relating to the expansion of the spread between bid and offer prices 
In special market situations, the Issuer may be unable to conclude hedging transactions, or when such 
transactions are very difficult to conclude, the spread between the bid and offer prices which will be quoted 
by the Issuer may be temporarily expanded, in order to limit the economic risk of the Issuer. As a 
consequence, Noteholders who sell their Instruments on an exchange or directly among market participants 
via so-called over-the-counter dealings (off-exchange) can only sell them at a price that is substantially 
lower than the actual value of the Instruments at the time of the sale and will therefore suffer a loss.  
5.7 
Reinvestment risk 
Noteholders may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash resources freed from any 
Instruments. The return, the Noteholder will receive from an Instrument depends not only on the price and 
the nominal interest rate of the Instruments but also on whether or not the interest received during the term 
of the Instruments, if any, can be reinvested at the same or a higher interest rate than the rate provided for in 
the Instruments. The risk that the general market interest rate falls below the interest rate of the Instruments 
during its term is generally called reinvestment risk. The extent of the reinvestment risk depends on the 
individual features of the relevant Instruments. 
5.8 
Risks arising from financing the purchase of the Instruments 
If a potential investor decides to finance the purchase of the Instruments with funds borrowed from a third 
party, the investor should make sure in advance that he can still pay the interest and principal payments on 
the loan also in the event of a loss. The investor should not rely on gains or profits from the investment in 
the Instruments in order to repay interest and principal of the loans when due and payable. In that case, the 
expected return must be set higher since the costs relating to the purchase of the Instruments and those 
relating to the loan (interest, redemption, handling fee) have to be taken into account.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
5.9 
Noteholders rely on the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and OeKB CSD 
GmbH as regards the transfer, payment and communication 
Instruments issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global 
Notes may be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Notes are New Global Notes, a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and in the case of Covered Bonds 
deposited with OeKB CSD GmbH. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and OeKB CSD GmbH will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes, or as the case may be, Pfandbriefe or 
Covered Bank Bonds. While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of 
Covered Bonds, OeKB CSD GmbH. 
While the Instruments are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge the payment 
obligations under the Instruments by making payments to the common depositary, or for Instruments that 
are New Global Notes, the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or in the case 
of Covered Bonds, OeKB CSD GmbH for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg or in the 
case of Covered Bonds, OeKB CSD GmbH. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Note. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Instruments. 
5.10 Instruments issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Instruments issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Instruments, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ("Bank Austria" or the "Issuer" and together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, the "Bank Austria Group") with its registered office at Rothschildplatz 1, 1020 Vienna, 
Austria, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares to the best 
of its knowledge that the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the 
Luxembourg Law. No other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible 
for the information given in this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
CONSENT TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer may during the term of its validity pursuant to Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation give its 
consent pursuant to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation to the use of this Base Prospetus in the context 
of a specific offer / issue of a Series / Tranche either by way of (i) general consent to use the Base 
Prospectus, if so applied in the Final Terms or (ii) specific consent to use the Base Prospectus, if so applied 
in the Final Terms. However, the Issuer may also give no consent to use the Base Prospectus at all, if so 
applied in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby consents to the use of the Base Prospectus to the extent and subject to the conditions set 
out in the Final Terms. 
In the context of any public offer of Instruments in a Public Offer Jurisdiction (as defined below), in relation 
to any person who purchases any Instruments in that Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement thereto as well as in the 
Final Terms, also with respect to the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Instruments by 
financial intermediaries who obtained the consent to use the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto as 
well as the Final Terms. 
Such consent can be given to all (so-called general consent) or only to one or several specified financial 
intermediaries (so-called individual consent) and will be determined in the Final Terms. 
Such consent can be given in relation to any of the member states of the European Economic Area (each, a 
"Member State") in which the Base Prospectus is valid or into which it has been notified as specified in the 
Final Terms, being as at the date of this Base Prospectus Luxembourg, Austria and Germany (each, a 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction"). If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add one or more 
Member States to the list of Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus specifying such Member State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
The consent of the Issuer is given under the condition that each financial intermediary complies with the 
Terms and Conditions (as defined in below), the Final Terms as well as the applicable selling restrictions.  
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus can be given in relation to the relevant tranche of Instruments and 
for the offer period set out in the Final Terms.  
If the consent of the Issuer is subject to further conditions, such conditions will be set out in the Final 
Terms.  
Except in the circumstances described above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Instruments in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is 
unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Arranger or Dealer, accepts 
any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms as well as the offer, 
sale and the delivery of the Instruments may be restricted by law in some jurisdictions. Each financial 
intermediary and/or each person, who is in the possession of this Base Prospectus, a supplement thereto and 
the Final Terms, must be informed of and comply with such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to 
withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain financial intermediaries. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, the financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Instruments including 
information regarding costs and expenses (if any) at the time of that offer. 
Any financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
New information with respect to new financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of 
the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms, as the case may, will be published and will be 
found on the website of the Issuer (or any successor website). 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger or any Dealer, has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of a financial intermediary, including compliance by a financial intermediary 
with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities 
law requirements in relation to such offer.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Business Overview  
General 
Bank Austria is one of the largest financial services providers in the Republic of Austria, where it has a 
workforce of approximately 5,200 FTE (full-time equivalents) and maintains a network of about 120 
branches. Bank Austria has also been a member of UniCredit since 2005, thereby offering its customers 
access to international financial markets. 
Bank Austria Group offers universal banking services, with comprehensive service for retail clients, 
families, small and medium enterprises, private banking, large corporate customers, as well as institutional 
and public sector clients. The banking and financial products and services offered by Bank Austria Group 
include checking and saving accounts, credit and debit cards, corporate and consumer loans, real estate 
finance, private banking, asset management, investment products, export finance, project finance, 
documentary credits, leasing products, investment banking products and structured products. In addition to 
maintaining its banking network and offering a broad range of services, Bank Austria Group also aims to 
maintain its financial stability through a strong capital base, with its Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio 
amounting to 20.1% and its Total Capital ratio of 22.3% (both according to Basel 3 phase-in rules) as of 31 
December 2020. Bank Austria has Austrian market shares in total loans of approximately 13% and total 
deposits of approximately 13%, based on Bank Austria’s internal comparison of its own volumes with 
market volumes provided by the OeNB. 
Business Segments 
As of the end of 2020, Bank Austria Group’s business activities are divided into the following operating 
segments/divisions, with key figures shown below.  
 
Privatkundenbank (includes Retail, Premium Banking and Wealth Management) 
 
Unternehmerbank (includes Corporates and Leasing) 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB, including Factoring) 
The following table includes key figures of the Issuer’s operating segments. 
 
12 months ending 31 December (audited)  
 
 
Operating income 
Operating costs 
Profit before tax 
 
2020 
20191 
2020 
20191 
2020 
20191 
 
in € million 
Privatkundenbank..............................  
869 
904 
755 
741 
-29 
128 
Unternehmerbank ..............................  
487 
513 
194 
190 
112 
276 
Corporate & Investment Banking ......  
408 
386 
166 
166 
52 
221 
__________ 
(1) 
The comparative figures for 2019 were adjusted in the segment reporting to the structure and methodology used for the 2020 reporting period 
(see the notes to the segment reporting in the notes to the Annual Report 2020). 
Privatkundenbank 
Privatkundenbank is responsible for the retail and private banking business of the Bank Austria Group, the 
latter consisting of Premium Banking and Wealth Management. Retail is responsible for the local customer 
business in Austria with retail clients and small business clients, i.e. business customers with a turnover 
below € 3 million. It provides a broad range of banking services to its private customers (with the exception 
of high net worth customers served by Premium Banking or Wealth Management) and small business 
customers. It serves its clients through a country-wide branch network with a particular focus on the Vienna 
region and through a multi-channel approach (Online Banking, Online Trading, Telephone Banking, video 
conferences). 
Premium Banking includes the private banking activities of the Issuer, covering customers with total 
financial assets (i.e. deposits and assets under management resp. assets under custody) exceeding € 300,000. 
Its core competencies include asset management, investment advisory services and retirement planning.

--- Page 39 ---
31 
Private Banking services high net worth individuals and private foundations and acts as the Issuer’s 
competence centre for all asset management services. 
Wealth Management is responsible for product management at both the Issuer and its Private Banking 
subsidiary Schoellerbank which is a specialist in investment and pension planning. Its core competence is 
asset management, in particular for very wealthy customers. 
Unternehmerbank 
Unternehmerbank is responsible for the business in Austria with local corporate customers, including real 
estate and public sector clients (excluding the Republic of Austria, which is within the scope of 
responsibility of the Corporate & Investment Banking division). It holds a very strong market position in its 
target groups. Through dedicated subsidiaries it also offers leasing services. 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
The Corporate & Investment Banking Division (CIB) provides a wide range of integrated advisory and 
financial services to Multinational Corporates, Financial Institutions, to Real Estate customers using capital 
markets and investment banking services and to the Republic of Austria. CIB offers a comprising range of 
Global Transaction Banking services, Financing & Advisory and Global Markets products. Customers can 
thereby access not only UniCredit’s unique network in Western, Central und Eastern Europe but all of 
UniCredit Group’s business hubs in major financial centers worldwide. 
The Corporate & Investment Banking Division Coverage structure combines deep local and sector 
knowledge of relationship managers with excellent CIB Product Lines know-how. Financing & Advisory 
provides full coverage of structured and tailored classic financing solutions as well as debt and equity 
capital market advisory services. Global Transaction Banking offers trade finance, cash management, 
working capital solutions and securities services, while Markets offers risk management solutions and 
performs treasury activities. Furthermore, FactorBank, the specialized subsidiary for factoring services, 
forms part of CIB. 
Corporate Center 
The Corporate Center division includes the COO area, other back-office functions which do not form part of 
the aforementioned business divisions (such as finance, risk management, identity & communications, etc.) 
and consolidation effects. It covers all equity interests that are not assigned to other divisions. Also included 
are inter-divisional eliminations and other items which cannot be assigned to other business divisions. 
Principal Markets 
Bank Austria 
Bank Austria provides banking services in the Republic of Austria where it maintains an extensive network 
of about 120 branches. It is a universal bank and offers services to all major customer segments, i.e., retail 
customers (also including wealthy clients in need of private banking services), corporate customers 
(including small and medium companies as well as large international corporates) and public entities. 
Bank Austria Group 
Bank Austria is the parent company of the Bank Austria Group, which directly and indirectly holds equity 
participations in various companies, the most important of these being Schoellerbank AG, Vienna, and 
UniCredit Leasing (Austria) GmbH, Vienna. 
Competitive Position 
Bank Austria has Austrian market shares in total loans of approximately 13% and total deposits of 
approximately 13%, based on Bank Austria’s internal comparison of its own volumes with market volumes 
provided by the OeNB.

--- Page 40 ---
32 
Financial Information 
Financial results 
The following tables show an overview of Bank Austria Group’s (1.) income statement, (2.) balance sheet, 
and key performance indicators, respectively, and were extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements prepared in accordance with IFRS as of 31 December 2020: 
1. Income Statement *) 
In € mn 
2020 
20191 
Net interest income  
906 
959 
Net fee and commission income 
660 
692 
Net trading income 
60 
62 
Net write-downs of loans and provisions for 
guarantees and commitments 
-398 
-35 
Net operating profit 
203 
757 
Net profit or loss profit or loss attributable to 
owners of the parent company 
20 
698 
 
2. Balance Sheet*) 
In € mn 
2020 
2019 
Total assets 
118,510 
101,663 
Debt Securities in issue in total 
12,554 
12,049 
o/w Senior Debt 
11,488 
10,959 
o/w Subordinated Debt 
1,066 
1,091 
Loans and receivables from customers (net)2 
60,863 
63,258 
Deposits from customers2 
61,167 
56,730 
Total equity 
8,360 
8,486 
Non performing loans (based on net carrying 
amount)/Loans and receivables) 
1.9% 
1.6% 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET1) ratio3  
20.1% 
18.9% 
Total Capital Ratio3 
22.3% 
21.3% 
Leverage Ratio calculated under applicable 
regulatory framework4 
6.2% 
5.7% 
*) Income Statement presented as per Segment Reporting in the Notes of the Annual Report 2020. Balance Sheet presented as per Annual 
Report 2020. Presented key performance indicators refer to income statement and balance sheet figures presented above respectively are 
regulatory capital ratios (including leverage ratio). 
1 
Comparative figures for 2019 recast to reflect the current structure and methodology. 
2 
Figures presented as per Segment Reporting in the Notes of the Annual Report 2020. 
3 
Capital ratios based on all risks under Basel 3 (transitional). 
4 
Leverage Ratio under Basel 3 based on the current status of transitional arrangements.

--- Page 41 ---
33 
The following commentary on the development of Bank Austria’s operating activities and performance is 
based on the income statement structure used for segment reporting. The comparative figures for 2019 are 
recast to reflect the current structure and methodology. 
Operating income totalled €1,774 million in 2020 (-9% compared to the previous year's figure of €1,941 
million). The decline reflects the exceptional environment of 2020, which was marked by the Covid-19 
pandemic and extremely low interest rates. These factors had a significant negative impact on net interest, 
dividends and other income from equity investments and net fees and commissions in particular. 
In an environment of limited opportunities for increasing earnings, Bank Austria continues to focus on 
highly restrictive cost management. However, operating costs in 2020 included various additional costs 
linked to the Covid-19 pandemic, and the previous year's figure was also influenced by a positive one-off 
effect in relation to social capital. Due to these special factors, operating costs increased by €23 million or 
2.0% to €1,172 million (previous year: €1,149 million).  
Operating profit reached €602 million, a decline of 24% due to the aforementioned developments. 
Net write-downs of loans and provisions for guarantees and commitments were heavily influenced by the 
changed environment brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic. Due to a worsened macro-economic 
scenario resulting from the pandemic, in accordance with IFRS 9, the calculation of the ECL (expected 
credit loss) required changes in the probability of default and LGDs to be recognised, which led to a 
significant increase in the cost of risk. Total net write-downs of loans and provisions for guarantees and 
commitments of €398 million were reported in 2020, compared with €35 million in the previous year.  
Operating profit (net operating profit after net write-downs of loans and provisions for guarantees and 
commitments) was €203 million in 2020, down 73% on the previous year's figure of €757 million.  
The Austrian customer segments made the following contributions to operating performance: 
Privatkundenbank +€37 million (previous year: +€168 million), Unternehmerbank +€121 million (previous 
year: +€268 million) and CIB +€89 million € (previous year: +€226 million). 
Systemic charges increased significantly to -€146 million (-€125 million in 2019). Of the total amount, the 
bank levy accounted for €65 million (including a pro rata special payment of €46 million), and contributions 
to the deposit guarantee scheme and the resolution fund totalled €81 million. The pro rata special payment 
of the bank levy, which was paid in four instalments in 2017–20 and was due for the last time in the 
reporting year, is based on the new regulation of the Austrian bank levy introduced in 2016. The costs of the 
deposit guarantee rose significantly in 2020, caused by increased contributions due to the insolvencies of 
Commerzialbank Mattersburg and of Anglo Austrian AAB AG. 
In the net income from investments, a negative contribution of -€92 million (previous year: -€8 million) was 
reported. This is mainly due to impairment losses on individual equity investments (3-Banken Group).  
In total, profit (loss) before tax of -€32 million was generated from the above items. The significant 
decrease compared to the previous year (profit (loss) before tax for 2019: €519 million) is mainly due to the 
sharp increase in net write-downs of loans and provisions for guarantees and commitments resulting from 
the Covid-19 pandemic and the declining operating income brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic and 
extremely low interest rates.  
Income tax for the period amounted to -€2 million (2019: +€177 million), although the high positive figure 
for the previous year was mainly due to a one-off effect in connection with the recognition of deferred 
taxes. 
The total profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations includes the contribution of +€49 million 
(previous year: +€14 million) of the Real Estate Holding companies ("Immo Holding") including the result 
from the sale of property companies and properties held by these companies. The majority of these non-
operating assets were sold in previous years, with the contribution in 2020 mainly stemming from a sales 
transaction. 
Overall, net profit for 2020 (Group net profit or loss attributable to the owners of the parent company) of 
€20 million was generated, following €698 million in 2019.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
As at 31 December 2020, loans and receivables with customers amounted to € 60.9 billion, direct funding 
(i.e. deposits from customers, debt securities in issue and financial liabilities at fair value) was 
€ 73.8 billion. 
Based on these results, the following financial ratios were calculated: 
 
Cost/Income Ratio for the financial year 2020 stood at 66.1% (2019: 59.2%) 
 
Total capital ratio as at 31 December 2020 (based on all risks under Basel 3 (transitional)) was 
22.3% (2019: 21.3%) 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio as at 31 December 2020 (based on all risks under Basel 3 
(transitional)) was 20.1% (2019: 18.9%). 
Financial reporting principles 
The Issuer prepares Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU. In addition, the disclosure rules which are specified in the 
Accounting Manual of UniCredit S.p.A., the ultimate parent company of the Issuer, and are required to be 
applied throughout the Group, were used as a basis for the preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements and for the reports on a consolidated basis to be submitted to the European Central Bank (ECB) 
and the European Banking Authority (EBA). 
For statutory purposes, the Issuer has to prepare financial statements regarding the single entity (UniCredit 
Bank Austria AG) in accordance with Austrian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (Austrian 
GAAP). Reports in accordance with Austrian GAAP are the basis for some reports to the Austrian 
supervisory authorities. Reports in accordance with Austrian GAAP are also used as the basis for the 
preparation of Austrian tax calculations. 
Half-year Interim Reports are prepared in accordance with IFRS, in particular IAS 34. 
Trend Information  
As at the date hereof, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of Bank Austria 
Group since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020. 
However, the current market environment is still characterised by uncertainties also on the financial markets 
due to the Covid-19 crisis and these uncertainties could further impact the profitability of Bank Austria 
Group, in particular in terms of operating income and cost of risk. As already reflected in BA Group’s 2020 
Financial Statements, this pandemic has visibly impacted the income situation and the net write-downs of 
loans and provisions for guarantees and commitments (LLP, loan loss provisions) of the Issuer. As the 
Covid-19 pandemic will continue having negative consequences for the economic development at least 
during the first half of 2021, further impacts, e.g. on LLP, cannot be ruled out for Austrian banks like the 
Issuer. Except for this possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis indicated above, the Issuer is not aware about 
any other known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year. Following the instability of 
the global and European financial markets in recent years, regulatory requirements have changed, in 
particular with regard to stricter capital and liquidity requirements, and are expected to continue to tighten 
further. 
The ongoing digitalisation in the financial sector, driven both by smaller innovative companies ("Fintechs") 
and large groups in the IT sector, increases the competitive pressure on the banking sector. 
Borrowing and Funding Structure 
With the issuance of 2 benchmark covered bonds, the Issuer was successfully active on the capital market 
during 2020. Furthermore, the funding base was significantly strengthened by the participation in the ECB’s 
TLTRO III programme to the amount of €15.4 billion. In addition, the Issuer issued bail-in eligible 
instruments in 2020 in order to comply with the MREL requirements; specifically, €1.5 billion senior non-
preferred issues were placed with UniCredit S.p.A.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
Description of the Expected Financing 
 
The business model of the Issuer as a commercial bank leads to a good diversified refinancing basis. The 
funding pillars are a strong customer base and an extensive product mix (call, fixed-term and savings 
deposits), supplemented by the placement of own issues in the medium-term and long-term maturity 
segment to fulfil the relevant funding needs under the various regulatory requirements, including buffers 
(e.g. Liquidity Coverage Ratio, Net Stable Funding Ratio).  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
Bank Austria and its subsidiaries are involved in various litigation proceedings and claims incidental to the 
normal conduct of their business. Although it is impossible to predict the outcome of any ongoing litigation 
proceedings, the Issuer believes that, except as discussed below, such litigation proceedings and claims will 
not have a material adverse effect on its business or consolidated financial results. Bank Austria notes, 
however, that the outcome of litigation proceedings can be extremely difficult to predict with certainty and 
Bank Austria therefore offers no assurances in this regard. 
Provisions are generally made for legal proceedings where impending losses are likely or certain, but the 
amount and timing of the losses are uncertain. In such cases, provisions are made in an amount that is 
deemed appropriate in light of the particular circumstances and in accordance with the applicable 
accounting principles, with due regard to the principle of prudence and the principle of appropriate and 
reliable estimate. 
In line with the above policy, provisions have been made in the amount of the estimated risk for the 
following pending legal proceedings and other proceedings, which are the most significant pending legal 
proceedings of Bank Austria Group: 
The Madoff fraud 
Background 
Bank Austria and some of its affiliates and indirect subsidiaries have been sued or investigated as a result of 
the Ponzi scheme operated by Bernard L. Madoff ("Madoff") through his company Bernard L. Madoff 
Investment Securities LLC ("BLMIS"), which was uncovered in December 2008. 
Austrian civil proceedings 
Investors in the Primeo and Herald Madoff Feeder Funds have filed numerous civil suits, 12 of which are 
still open, with interest amounting to €5.15 million plus interest. The claims asserted in these proceedings 
are either that Bank Austria committed certain breaches of duty in its capacity as prospectus controller or 
that Bank Austria incorrectly advised certain investors (directly or indirectly) to invest in these funds, or a 
combination of these claims. The Austrian Supreme Court issued twenty-seven legally binding rulings with 
regard to the prospectus liability claims asserted in the proceedings. Regarding the proceedings concerning 
the Primeo Feeder funds, fourteen final decisions of the Austrian Supreme Court were taken in favour of 
Bank Austria. In two proceedings, the Supreme Court rejected Bank Austria’s extraordinary appeal and 
therefore made the decision of the Court of Appeal, which had been issued in favour of the plaintiffs, final. 
With regard to the Herald Feeder Fund, the Austrian Supreme Court has ruled on the prospectus liability 
claims five times, twice in favour of Bank Austria and three times in favour of the plaintiffs. In a prospectus 
liability case where investments were made in Primeo and Herald, the Supreme Court ruled in favour of 
Bank Austria; in two further prospectus liability cases where investments were made in Primeo and Herald, 
the Supreme Court rejected the plaintiffs’ extraordinary appeals, thereby ruling the decisions of the Court of 
Appeal to be legally binding in favour of Bank Austria. 
The impact of these decisions on the remaining procedures cannot be predicted with certainty; future 
decisions could be detrimental to Bank Austria. 
 
Concerning the Austrian civil proceedings pending against Bank Austria in connection with Madoff's fraud, 
Bank Austria has established provisions to the extent that it considers appropriate for the current risks.

--- Page 44 ---
36 
Austrian criminal proceedings 
Bank Austria was accused in a criminal case in Austria of suspected violation of the Austrian Investment 
Funds Act of 2011 regulations, as well as allegations of fraud and infidelity in connection with the Madoff 
case. The prosecution case against Bank Austria and all accused persons was closed in November 2019.  
Proceedings in the United States 
Actions by the SIPA trustee 
In December 2010, the insolvency administrator (the "SIPA Trustee") brought an action for the liquidation 
of BLMIS as well as other actions against dozens of defendants, including HSBC, UniCredit S.p.A., UCBA 
and certain affiliates, to a United States Federal Court the "HSBC Proceedings"). In the HSBC 
Proceedings, the SIPA Trustee filed civil claims and avoidance claims (also known as "clawback claims") 
worth several billion US dollars. The civil claims were dismissed in 2011 and no further appeals are 
pending against this decision. In 2015, the SIPA Trustee dropped the avoidance claims against UniCredit 
S.p.A and the Alternative Investments Division of Pioneer ("PAI") in the HSBC Proceedings, waiving the 
claims, as well as the avoidance claims against UCBA, without waiving the claims; this was done following 
claim adjustments that did not concern UniCredit S.p.A., PAI or UCBA and were considered by the SIPA 
trustee to satisfy the relevant claims. A judgement was issued by the Bankruptcy Court on 22 November 
2016 which ordered the avoidance claims against BA Worldwide Fund Management Ltd ("BAWFM") to be 
rejected. On 9 March 2017, the SIPA Trustee commented on the rejection of the avoidance claims against 
BAWFM in writing. On 16 March 2017, the SIPA Trustee appealed against the dismissal of the claims. In 
February 2019, the Court of Appeal annulled the decision of the Bankruptcy Court of 22 November 2016 
and ruled that the SIPA trustee could recover the transfers of funds by BLMIS to BAWFM and other similar 
parties before their insolvency. BAWFM and other defendants requested a new hearing before the Court of 
Appeals by an "en banc" committee (then by all judges). The Court of Appeal rejected that request in April 
2019. At the defendant's request, the Court of Appeal paused the proceedings so as to prevent the procedure 
continuing during the appeal process at the Supreme Court. BAWFM and the other defendants submitted a 
review on 30 August 2019. On 1 June 2020, the Supreme Court rejected this revision. The case was then 
referred back to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. There is no substantial potential claim for 
damages. Certain current or former related persons named as defendants in the HSBC Proceedings may be 
granted rights to indemnification by UniCredit S.p.A. and its affiliates. 
Possible ramifications 
In addition to the aforementioned proceedings and investigations against Bank Austria, its affiliates and 
some of their employees and former employees in connection with the Madoff case, additional actions may 
be brought in connection with this case in the future in the United States, Austria or other countries. Such 
possible future actions could be brought against Bank Austria, its affiliates and their employees and former 
employees. The pending proceedings and possible future actions may have a negative impact on Bank 
Austria. 
Bank Austria and its affiliates intend to use all available means to defend themselves against the claims and 
allegations in connection with the Madoff case. Apart from the aforementioned issues, it is currently not 
possible to reliably estimate the time horizon and the outcomes of the various actions or to determine the 
level of responsibility – should responsibility be proven. 
Alpine Holding GmbH 
Alpine Holding GmbH issued one bond in 2010, one in 2011 and one in 2012. In 2010 and 2011, Bank 
Austria acted as joint lead manager together with another bank. In June/July 2013, Alpine Holding GmbH 
and Alpine Bau GmbH became insolvent and bankruptcy proceedings followed. Numerous bondholders 
then wrote to the banks involved in the bond issues to assert claims. At least as far as Bank Austria is 
concerned, the bondholders largely based their claims on the prospectus liability of the joint lead managers 
and, in fewer cases, also on flawed investment advice provided by the banks that sold the bonds to their 
customers. Investors have filed civil proceedings, including subpeonas for three class actions by the Federal 
Chamber of Labour (with claims amounting to some €20.26 million), in which Bank Austria is named as a 
defendant in addition to other banks. The significant cause of action is the prospectus liability. These civil 
proceedings are predominantly still pending at first instance. To date, no legally binding decisions have

--- Page 45 ---
37 
been issued by the Supreme Court against Bank Austria concerning prospectus liability. In addition to the 
aforementioned proceedings against Bank Austria, further actions against Bank Austria have been 
threatened in connection with Alpine bankruptcy, which could be brought in the future. Pending or future 
actions may negatively affect Bank Austria. Bank Austria intends to use all available means to defend itself 
against these claims. At present, it is not possible to estimate the timing and outcome of the various 
proceedings or to assess Bank Austria’s level of responsibility, if any. 
Valauret S.A. 
In 2001, plaintiffs Valauret S.A. and Hughes de Lasteyrie du Saillant acquired shares in the French 
company Rhodia S.A. The plaintiffs allege that they suffered losses as a result of a decline in the Rhodia 
share price between 2002 and 2003. 
 
In 2004, the plaintiffs lodged an action for damages against the Board of Directors, the auditors and Aventis 
S.A. (the supposed majority shareholder of Rhodia S.A.). They subsequently extended their claim to include 
other parties – a total of 14 defendants – including the Issuer as the legal successor of Creditanstalt AG, 
against which an action was filed towards the end of 2007. The plaintiffs claim that Creditanstalt AG was 
involved in the above-mentioned alleged fraudulent acts. 
 
According to the Issuer, the allegation of Creditanstalt AG’s involvement in fraudulent activity is wholly 
without foundation. The civil proceedings were suspended following the initiation of criminal proceedings 
in 2006, even before the action was extended to include the Issuer. In December 2008, the Commercial 
Court of Paris also suspended the civil proceedings against the Issuer. 
 
In accordance with the principles described above, no provisions have been formed for these legal disputes. 
 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position  
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
 
General Information about the Issuer 
General 
The Issuer is a joint stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of 
Austria. The registered office of the Issuer is Rothschildplatz 1, 1020 Vienna, Republic of Austria. The 
Issuer is registered with the commercial court of Vienna (Handelsgericht Wien) under the registration 
number (Firmenbuchnummer) FN 150714p. 
As an Austrian bank, Bank Austria is required to comply with the provisions of the Austrian Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes and Investor Compensation Act. Bank Austria is member of a statutory deposit 
guarantee scheme, the Austrian "Einlagensicherung AUSTRIA Ges.m.b.H." (ESA). 
The legal entity identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is: D1HEB8VEU6D9M8ZUXG17. 
History 
Bank Austria is a stock corporation subject to the laws of the Republic of Austria. It was created through the 
integration of the 3 largest Austrian banks (Zentralsparkasse und Kommerzialbank AG, Österreichische 
Länderbank AG und Creditanstalt AG) in the decade before 2000.  
In 2000, Bank Austria became a subsidiary of Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG, Munich ("HVB", 
renamed UniCredit Bank AG in 2009), which in turn was acquired in 2005 by UniCredit, whereupon the 
Issuer became a member of UniCredit Group. In January 2007, HVB sold its shares in the Issuer to 
UniCredit S.p.A., Vienna branch. 
On 21 May 2008, the resolution of Bank Austria’s shareholder meeting dated 3 May 2007 resolving on the 
squeeze-out of Bank Austria’s free float shareholders was incorporated in the company’s register by the 
commercial court of Vienna (Handelsgericht Wien), leading to an increase of UniCredit’s share in the Issuer 
to finally 99.996% and to the delisting of the Issuer’s shares from the Vienna and the Warsaw Stock

--- Page 46 ---
38 
Exchanges. On 6 August 2008, UniCredit S.p.A., Vienna branch, released the payments for the outstanding 
minority shares. Previous shareholders requested the commercial court of Vienna to assess the price paid, 
which amounted to € 137.94 million including statutory interest as per the decision of Bank Austria’s 
shareholder meeting dated 3 May 2007. This currently still pending court decision may lead to an additional 
payment by UniCredit. 
At the beginning of 2007, Bank Austria assumed the function of sub-holding company for the CEE region 
(without Poland) and this perimeter of operations was subsequently further enlarged through strategic 
acquisitions. It maintained this role as CEE-subholding until 1 October 2016. 
On 11 November 2015, UniCredit S.p.A. announced a strategic plan which included, among other 
measures, the transfer of the Issuer’s function as sub-holding of the CEE subsidiaries, with UniCredit S.p.A. 
assuming direct control of such subsidiaries effective as of 1 October 2016. 
In addition, as part of the implementation of the transfer of the CEE Business, UniCredit S.p.A. made a cash 
contribution in the amount of € 1 billion to the Issuer on 4 August 2016. Furthermore, in connection with 
the transfer of the CEE Business, UniCredit S.p.A. made certain commitments in favour of the Issuer 
relating to the Issuer’s future business activities and capital structure; the majority of UniCredit S.p.A.’s 
commitments will lapse at the end of June 2024. 
On 13 December 2016, UniCredit S.p.A. presented "Transform 2019", the updated strategic plan for 2016 - 
2019, which confirmed the previous strategic plan for Bank Austria. In addition, the plan also included 
measures such as: strengthening of the capital position, actions on the business portfolio, active balance 
sheet de-risking, efficiency measures to significantly reduce the cost/income ratio. The goal of Transform 
2019 was to create a successful pan-European commercial bank. As part of this plan, Bank Austria achieved 
substantial efficiency improvements. Measures included a significant reduction in staff, an optimization of 
the branch network through the closure of many branches and the modernization of the remaining network 
and furthermore the concentration of all head office activities in a new state-of-the-art location in Vienna. 
After the successful implementation of "Transform 2019", UniCredit presented the new strategic Multi-
Year-Plan "Team 23" in December 2019. The plan covers the period 2020-23. Focal points of the new plan 
are expansion and strengthening of the client franchise (further improvement of the client experience), 
transformation and maximization of productivity, disciplined risk management and controls and a strong 
focus on capital and balance sheet management. Relevant strategic measures will be implemented also in 
Bank Austria which is an integral part of UniCredit Group. 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to Article 3 of its Articles of Association, the corporate purpose of the Issuer is the conduct of 
banking business of every kind pursuant to Section 1 para (1) of the Austrian Banking Act. Such business 
shall exclude the business of a building society, investment business (management of investment funds 
according to the Austrian Investment Funds Act), real estate investment fund business and severance and 
retirement fund business. Further, the purpose of the Issuer also comprises the activities of a financial 
institution pursuant to Section 1 para (2) of the Austrian Banking Act, all activities pursuant to section 1 
para (3) of the Austrian Banking Act and (a) trade in coins, medals and bars made of precious metals, (b) 
investing in companies of every kind, (c) acquisition of companies, or founding of new companies, (d) 
exercise and performance of management and administrative functions for firms in which the Issuer holds 
interests, and providing support in all aspects of their business activities, (e) the rendering of brokerage 
services with respect to insurance contracts and (f) with due regard to the relevant statutory provisions, all 
transactions conducive to directly or indirectly promote the Issuer's business objective.

--- Page 47 ---
39 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital amounts to EUR 1,681,033,521.40 (one 
billion six hundred eighty-one million thirty-three thousand five hundred twenty-one 40/100 euros). It is 
divided into 10,115 (ten thousand one hundred fifteen) registered no-par value shares with voting rights and 
restricted transferability and 231,218,705 (two hundred and thirty-one million two hundred and eighteen 
thousand seven hundred and five) registered no-par value shares with voting rights, and each no-par value 
share participates in the share capital to the same extent. The share capital has been fully paid up. The 
shares were created pursuant to Austrian law. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2020, UniCredit S.p.A., Vienna branch, has a direct shareholding interest of 99.996% in 
Bank Austria, with the aggregate number of Bank Austria shares being 231,228,820, of which 10,115 are 
registered shares. The registered shares are held by "Privatstiftung zur Verwaltung von Anteilsrechten", a 
private foundation under Austrian law (10,000 registered shares) and by the Council Fund of the 
Employees’ Council of Bank Austria’s employees in the Vienna area (115 registered shares). UniCredit 
S.p.A. is the parent company of UniCredit Group and therefore Bank Austria is fully controlled by 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer has a two-tier board structure, consisting of a Management Board and a Supervisory Board. The 
Management Board is responsible for the executive management and represents the Issuer vis-à-vis third 
parties. The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising the management and internal controls of the 
Issuer. Members of the Management Board are appointed by the Supervisory Board. Members of the 
Supervisory Board are elected by the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer. 
Management Board of the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Principal business activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
Robert Zadrazil ................. Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer 
- 
Schoellerbank 
AG: 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board and Member of the Audit 
Committee; 
 
 
- 
Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank 
Aktien-
gesellschaft: Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board; 
 
 
- 
UniCredit Center am Kaiserwasser GmbH: 
Chairman of the Advisory Council; 
 
 
- 
Card complete Service Bank AG: Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- 
Immobilien Holding GmbH: Chairman of the 
Advisory Council; 
- 
UniCredit Services GmbH: Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board. 
Gregor Hofstätter-Pobst .... Chief Financial Officer 
- 
Immobilien Holding GmbH: Member of the 
Advisory Council; 
 
 
- 
UNIVERSALE 
International 
Realitäten 
GmbH: Chairman of the Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- 
card complete Service Bank AG: Member of 
the Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- 
DC Bank AG: Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- 
Bausparkasse Wüstenrot Aktiengesellschaft: 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board; 
- 
BWA 
Beteiligungs- 
und 
Verwaltungs-

--- Page 48 ---
40 
Name 
Function 
Principal business activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
Aktiengesellschaft: Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board; 
- 
Einlagensicherung 
AUSTRIA 
Ges.m.b.H.: 
Member of the Supervisory Board;  
- 
UniCredit Services GmbH: Member of the 
Supervisory Board. 
Mauro Maschio 
Board Member 
- 
 
Tina Pogacic 
Chief Operating Officer 
- 
card complete Service Bank AG: Member of 
the Supervisory Board; 
- 
UniCredit Services GmbH: Member of the 
Management Board. 
Wolfgang Schilk ............... Chief Risk Officer 
- 
Einlagensicherung der Banken und Bankiers 
Gesellschaft m.b.H.: Member of the Advisory 
Council; 
 
 
- 
Einlagensicherung 
AUSTRIA 
Ges.m.b.H.: 
Member of the Supervisory Board. 
Günter Schubert ................ Board Member 
- 
FactorBank AG: Member of the Supervisory 
Board. 
Susanne Wendler .............. Board Member 
- 
UniCredit 
Leasing 
(Austria) 
GmbH: 
Chairwoman of the Advisory Council; 
 
 
- 
FactorBank 
AG: 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- 
Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank 
Aktien-
gesellschaft: Member of the Supervisory 
Board. 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Supervisory Board consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Principal business activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
Gianfranco Bisagni ......... Chairman 
- UniCredit SpA: Co-CEO Commercial Banking, 
Central Eastern Europe; 
 
 
- AO UniCredit Bank, Moskau: Member of the 
Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- Koc Finansal Himetler AS: Member of the 
Board of Directors; 
 
 
- Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi AS: Member of the 
Board of Directors;  
 
 
- S.W.I.F.T. SCRL: Member of the Board of 
Directors; 
 
 
- UniCredit Services S.C.P.A.: Member of the 
Board of Directors. 
Ranieri de Marchis ......... Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
- UniCredit SpA: Co-Chief Operating Officer; 
 
- UniCredit Services SpA: Chairman of the Board 
of Directors and Member of the Internal 
Controls & Risk Committee; 
 
 
- ABI – Associazione Bancaria Italiana: Member 
of the Board of Directors and Member of the 
Executive Committee;

--- Page 49 ---
41 
Name 
Function 
Principal business activities performed outside 
the Issuer 
 
 
- Anthemis 
Evo 
LLP: 
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board; 
 
 
- Fondo Atlante: Member of the Investors 
Committee; 
 
 
- Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi: 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, 
Deputy 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Management 
Committee and Member of the Management 
Board Voluntary Scheme. 
Livia Aliberti Amidani ... Board Member  
- Recordati S.p.A.: Member of Board of Statutory 
Auditors; 
- Credito Valtellinese S.p.A.: Member of Board 
of Directors.  
 
 
 
 
Olivier Khayat 
Board Member 
- UniCredit SpA: Co-CEO Commercial Banking 
Western Europe und Präsident des Advisory 
Board Italy; 
 
 
- UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) 
SA: Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
and Chairman of the Audit Committee; 
 
 
- UniCredit 
Bank 
AG: 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board and Member of the Audit 
Committee. 
Adolf Lehner .................. Employees’ 
Representative 
- Privatstiftung 
zur 
Verwaltung 
von 
Anteilsrechten: Member of the Management 
Board; 
 
 
- UniCredit Center am Kaiserwasser GmbH: 
Member of the Advisory Council; 
 
 
- GPA 
Privatstiftung: 
Member 
of 
the 
Management Board; 
 
 
- VBV-Pensionskasse AG: Member of the 
Supervisory Board; 
 
 
- Wohnbauvereinigung 
für 
Privatangestellte 
Gemeinnützige GesmbH: Member of the 
Supervisory Board. 
Aurelio Maccario 
Board Member 
- UniCredit S.p.A.: Head of Group Regulatory 
Affairs; 
 
 
- Zagrebacka Banka: Mitglied des Aufsichtsrates; 
 
 
- ABI – Associazione Bancaria Italiana: Member 
of the Technical Committee for the European 
Banking Union and Member of the Technical 
Committee 
for 
the 
Single 
European 
Supervision. 
Eveline Steinberger-
Kern ................................ 
Board Member 
- The Blue Minds Company: General Manager. 
Ernst Theimer ................. Board Member 
- Privatstiftung 
zur 
Verwaltung 
von 
Anteilsrechten: Chairman of the Management 
Board. 
Christine Buchinger ........ Employees’ 
Representative 
– 
Mario Pramendorfer ....... Employees’ 
Representative 
– 
Karin Wisak-Gradinger .. Employees’ 
Representative 
–

--- Page 50 ---
42 
Representatives of the Supervisory Authorities  
Christoph Pesau 
Commissioner 
Nadine 
Wiedermann-
Ondrej 
Deputy Commissioner 
Alfred Katterl 
State Cover Fund Controller 
Christian Wenth 
Deputy State Cover Fund Controller 
Peter Part 
Trustee pursuant to the Austrian Mortgage Bank Act 
Thomas Schimetschek 
Deputy Trustee pursuant to the Austrian Mortgage Bank Act 
The business address of each member of the Management Board and Supervisory Board is Rothschildplatz 
1, 1020 Vienna, Republic of Austria. There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
Issuer of any member of the Management Board or Supervisory Board and their respective private interests 
or other duties.

--- Page 51 ---
43 
GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Each Tranche (which means all Instruments of the same Series (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Instruments) of Instruments will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global 
Notes"), which, in either case, will 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global Note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (if applicable) to OeKB CSD GmbH. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Instruments are intended to be held in a manner 
which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. However, this simply means that the Instruments are intended to be 
issued in NGN form and deposited with one of the international central securities depositaries ("ICSDs") as 
Common Safekeeper, except for Instruments, which will be deposited with OeKB CSD GmbH and which 
will not be issued in NGN form in order to become Eurosystem eligible, and which does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Any Instruments issued in 
NGN form will be notified to the ICSDs regardless of whether or not the Instruments are intended to be held 
in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Instruments due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note (if the Temporary Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that 
the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is the later of (i) 40 days after the Temporary Global 
Note is issued and (ii) 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified 
by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a 
syndicated issue) (the "Distribution Compliance Period"), interests in such Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note of the same Series against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
The permanent Global Note will, unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, if the 
Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, 
the permanent global Note will be delivered to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (if applicable) to OeKB CSD GmbH. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH, as applicable, against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note (if the Permanent Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 52 ---
44 
In the case of Instruments other than Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will specify that a 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, upon either; (i) not 
less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD 
GmbH (as applicable) (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global 
Note) to the Agent as described therein; or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, "Exchange Event" means that; (i) in relation to Notes other than Eligible Notes, Subordinated 
Notes, Covered Bonds, an Event of Default (as defined in § 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments (other than Covered Bonds)) has occurred and is continuing; (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that each of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business (or, in the case of OeKB CSD 
GmbH, an intention to cease acting as a clearing system) or have in fact done so and no alternative clearing 
system satisfactory to the Agent is available; or (iii) in relation to Instruments other than Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 1 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (other than Covered Bonds) which would not be required 
were such Instruments represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (other 
than Covered Bonds) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
Instruments representing Covered Bonds will not be issued in definitive form. Each Temporary Global Note 
and Permanent Global Note representing Pfandbriefe shall be signed by the trustee (Treuhänder) of the 
Issuer in accordance with the Austrian Mortgage Bank Act (Hypothekenbankgesetz - HypBG). 
The following legend will appear on all Instruments which have an original maturity of 365 days or more: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Instruments, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Instruments, receipts or interest coupons. 
Instruments which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH, as the 
case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments), the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Instruments is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Instruments, the Instruments of such further Tranche shall be assigned a 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Instruments of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable 
to the Instruments of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Instruments are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Instruments (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or OeKB CSD GmbH (as applicable) as to the nominal amount of such 
Instruments standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount

--- Page 53 ---
45 
of such Instruments for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Instruments, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Instruments in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or OeKB CSD GmbH shall, 
whenever the context so permits, except in relation to Instruments issued in NGN form, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
Instruments other than Covered Bonds may be accelerated by the Noteholder thereof in certain 
circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (other than Covered Bonds). In 
such circumstances, where such Instruments are still represented by a Global Note and a Noteholder with an 
interest in such Global Note credited to his securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
gives notice to the Agent that it wishes to accelerate such Instruments, then unless within a period of 
15 days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full in accordance with the terms of the 
Global Note, the Global Note will become void. At the same time, Noteholders credited to their accounts 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) will become entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
applicable). Instruments that are deposited for clearing with OeKB CSD GmbH will not become void in any 
circumstances. Covered Bonds may be accelerated by the holder thereof subject to and in accordance with 
the provisions of Austrian law, subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
OVERVIEW OF COVERED BONDS 
Pfandbriefe can be issued as mortgage Pfandbriefe (the "Mortgage Pfandbriefe" (Hypothekenpfandbriefe)) 
or as public Pfandbriefe (the "Public Pfandbriefe" (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe)) and both are Austrian law 
debt instruments, the quality and standards of which are stipulated by the HypBG and the Austrian 
Introductory Regulation to the Austrian Mortgage Bank Act (Verordnung über die Einführung des HypBG).  
Covered Bank Bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) are Austrian law debt instruments, the quality 
and standards of which are stipulated by the FBSchVG. 
All kinds of Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank Bonds qualify as covered bonds, as 
the investors' claims under each such kind of instrument are secured at all times by a separate pool of assets 
(Deckungsstock) that need to comply with certain eligibility criteria. Such pools are constituted by the 
registration of eligible assets with special registers (Deckungsregister) kept by the Issuer. Assets registered 
with a cover register form a segregate estate (Sondermasse) in the Issuer's insolvency (Konkurs) and are 
available for the preferential satisfaction of the holders of the relevant kind of covered bonds. 
The Issuer is duly authorised pursuant to § 1(1)(9) BWG to issue Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe 
and Covered Bank Bonds as foreseen in the Terms and Conditions. 
The assets of the cover pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe consist of mortgage loans (or parts thereof) as to 
mortgages over Austrian real estate; mortgages with regard to real estate located in Member States of the 
EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland may also be used as cover assets, provided that the legal and 
economic position of the holders of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe with regard to such non-Austrian mortgages 
is comparable to their position with respect to Austrian mortgages in the Issuer's insolvency. To some 
extent, mortgages which do not satisfy such conformity tests may also be included in the asset pool to a 
limit of not more than 10% of all conforming mortgages. The HypBG foresees that Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
may only be issued against the first 60% of the mortgage collateral value. 
The asset pool for Public Pfandbriefe is constituted of public sector (guaranteed) debt only and essentially 
consists of loan claims against, or debt securities issued or guaranteed by, Austrian governmental entities or 
other Member States of the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland or their regional governments and 
governmental entities for which the competent authorities pursuant to Article 43(1)(b)(5) of 
Directive 2000/12/EC have fixed a risk weighting of not more than 20%, or by claims benefiting from a 
guarantee granted by one of these governmental entities. 
Covered Bank Bonds are secured by a separate cover pool in relation to which the following are eligible 
cover assets: claims and securities that are suitable for the investment of assets of minors, claims and 
securities secured by a mortgage registered in a public register, claims against or guaranteed by, or debt 
securities issued or guaranteed by, Austrian government entities or other Member States of the EEA, the 
United Kingdom or Switzerland or their regional governments or governmental entities for which the 
competent authorities pursuant to Article 43(1)(b)(5) of Directive 2000/12/EC have fixed a risk weighting 
of not more than 20%, or by claims benefiting from a guarantee granted by one of these governmental 
entities. 
Certain assets held in trust by another credit institution on behalf of the Issuer may also be included in the 
relevant cover pools, as well as derivative contracts if they are used to hedge interest rates, foreign exchange 
or debtor risks (also with regard to the Issuer's potential insolvency) connected with the Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank Bonds. 
The total amount of issued Mortgage Pfandbriefe is at any time required to be covered by mortgages of at 
least the same amount and same interest revenue, supplemented by a safety margin requirement of an 
additional 2% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe. Additionally, the 
articles of association of the Issuer currently provide that the present value (Barwert) of the outstanding 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe shall be covered at any time by eligible assets. The same requirements regarding the 
safety margin and the coverage of the present value apply mutatis mutandis for Covered Bank Bonds and 
for Public Pfandbriefe. 
In the event that due to the repayment of mortgages or for any other reason the existing mortgages do not 
fully cover the issued Mortgage Pfandbriefe, the Issuer may replace the shortfall in cover assets by:

--- Page 55 ---
47 
(i) bonds or other notes that would be eligible as cover assets for Public Pfandbriefe provided such bonds or 
notes are traded on a regulated market in Austria or an OECD member country; (ii) credit balances held 
with certain central banks or credit institutions, in particular those permitted to conduct business in Member 
States or member countries of the OECD, or (iii) cash. In the case of covered bonds, only credit balances 
held with certain central banks or credit institutions or cash are eligible as substitute cover assets. Substitute 
cover assets may never exceed 15% of the total amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public 
Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank Bonds. Covered bonds issued by public bodies (item (i) above) may only be 
used as substitute assets for Mortgage Pfandbriefe up to an amount of 5% of the nominal value deducted 
from their stock exchange or market price, but never exceeding their nominal value. The same applies to 
Public Pfandbriefe. 
The applicable statutes provide that, as a general rule, Mortgage Pfandbriefe may only be issued if their 
maturity terms do not materially exceed the maturity of the mortgages. As a further requirement, the 
fraction of the nominal value of any newly issued Mortgage Pfandbriefe with a maturity of more than 15 
years must not, at the end of each financial quarter and within a calculation time period of three years, 
exceed 60% of the nominal value of all newly issued Mortgage Pfandbriefe. For the purposes of such 
calculation, the nominal value of assets with a maturity of more than 15 years which have been newly 
acquired during the three year calculation period, may be deducted from the nominal value of the Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe with a maturity of more than 15 years. Furthermore, special rules exist for Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe with regard to which the Issuer has either waived its right of early repayment for a time period 
of up to a third of the term of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, or the repayment of which must be commenced not 
later than after the lapse of a third of the term of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe. The same applies to Public 
Pfandbriefe. 
In case of Mortgage Pfandbriefe and Public Pfandbriefe a trustee (Treuhänder) or, in case of Covered Bank 
Bonds government commissioner (Regierungskommissär), has been appointed for a term of five years for 
each cover pool by the Austrian Federal Minister of Finance, which holds in trust the title deeds relating to 
the asset pool and the cash contained therein. The trustee's / government commissioner's primary task is to 
ensure that the required cover assets for the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe or Covered Bank 
Bonds, and the claims of derivative counter-parties of the Issuer, are at all times sufficient. No asset may be 
deleted from the relevant register without the written consent of the trustee/government commissioner. 
Segregate cover pools are maintained for the claims of the holders of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public 
Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds, respectively (and, as the case may be, for the respective creditors 
under eligible derivative contracts (if any)). In the event of the Issuer's insolvency, applicable Austrian law 
expressly enables a continuation rather than a liquidation of the cover pools: in the Issuer's insolvency, the 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds will not be automatically 
terminated. Rather, the cash flows with regard to cover assets as well as with regard to Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds will in general remain unaffected. Each cover 
pool would be administered by a special court appointed receiver (which may also be another credit 
institution) without infringement of the rights of the holders of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public 
Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds. In the event that funds are required to discharge obligations that 
become due, the special receiver may collect claims that have become due, sell cover assets or raise bridge 
financing. After its appointment, the special receiver is obliged to sell the asset pool together with the 
obligations from the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and, respectively, to an appropriate credit 
institution. For as long as neither transfer to another appropriate credit institution occurs, claims under the 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe or the Public Sector Pfandbriefe or the Covered Bank Bonds respectively, are paid as 
they mature. If it turns out that there is insufficient cover to pay the claims under the Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
or the Public Sector Pfandbriefe or the Covered Bank Bonds respectively, such claims are accelerated and 
paid pro rata from the relevant cover pool. Any remaining unsatisfied claims can be raised as unsecured 
claims in the Issuer’s general insolvency proceedings. Only where in the Issuer's insolvency a sale and 
transfer of a cover pool is not possible and the respective cover assets prove insufficient to satisfy the claims 
under the covered bonds in relation to which the relevant cover pool has been established must the cover 
pool be liquidated in accordance with the relevant statutes. In such case, the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public 
Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds, respectively, will fall immediately due and the liquidation proceeds 
of the respective cover pool will be used (preferentially) to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective 
covered bonds (and counterparties under derivative contracts, if any).

--- Page 56 ---
48 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds are full recourse obligations of the 
Issuer. Since the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds constitute general 
liabilities of the Issuer, holders also have recourse to the assets of the Issuer outside the asset pools. 
However, as regards those assets, holders of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and Covered 
Bank Bonds will rank equally with other unsecured and senior creditors of the Issuer, their claims being 
limited to the (foreseeable) shortfall, if any, they may suffer in the liquidation of the respective cover pool.  
If the trustee respectively the government commssioner have concerns that the rights of the holders of the 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and Covered Bank Bonds might be endangered, it shall apply to 
the competent court to obtain the appointment of a joint curator (gemeinamer Kurator) of the holders. Such 
joint curator may also be appointed in the event of of the Issuer's insolvency, and on the application of any 
third party whose rights would be deferred due to the lack of a common representative. In such an event, the 
common rights of the holders arising out of the Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Pfandbriefe and Covered 
Bank Bonds may only be exercised by the curator. The holders may join the proceedings conducted by the 
common curator at their own cost.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
The Terms and Conditions are set out below in two Parts. 
Part A: Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Part A sets out the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which (subject to completion by the Final Terms) will 
be attached to or incorporated by reference into each Global Note, provided that the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may, in the case of a relevant change of law, significant new factor, 
or material mistake or inaccuracy, specify terms and conditions amended in relation to such change of law, 
significant new factor, or material mistake or inaccuracy, which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, replace the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes for the purpose of such Series of Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes apply to a Series of Notes, as documented by the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Final Terms") either in the form of "Type A" or in the form of "Type B": 
If Type A applies to a Series of Notes, the Terms and Conditions (the "Type A Terms and Conditions") will 
be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine the Terms and Conditions by inserting the Terms and Conditions in 
Part I of the Final Terms and will (ii) specify and complete these inserted Terms and Conditions. 
If Type B applies to a Series of Notes, the Terms and Conditions (the "Type B Terms and Conditions") will 
be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will complete the table pertaining in Part I of the Final Terms. 
Where Type A applies, the so specified and completed Terms and Conditions will be attached to the 
respective temporary and/or permanent global bearer note (the "Global Note"). 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed table pertaining in Part I of the Final Terms, and (ii) the 
Terms and Conditions will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Teil A: Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen 
Teil A enthält die Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen, die (vorbehaltlich Vervollständigung 
durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen) jeder Globalurkunde beigefügt oder durch Bezugnahme in diese 
aufgenommen werden, wobei im Falle einer relevanten Gesetzesänderung, eines wichtigen neuen Umstands 
oder einer wesentlichen Unrichtigkeit oder Ungenauigkeit die anwendbaren Endgültigen Bedingungen in 
Bezug auf eine Serie von Schuldverschreibungen Emissionsbedingungen festlegen können, die bezüglich 
solcher Gesetzesänderung, solchem wichtigen neuen Umstand oder solcher wesentlichen Unrichtigkeit oder 
Ungenauigkeit revidiert wurden und die, insoweit dies so bestimmt ist oder insoweit sie mit den 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen unvereinbar sind, die Emissionsbedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen für die Zwecke dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen ersetzen. 
Die Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen gelten für eine Serie von Schuldverschreibungen, 
wie in den jeweiligen Endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") entweder in der Form 
des "Typ A" oder in der Form des "Typ B" dokumentiert: 
Findet Typ A auf eine Serie von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung, werden die Emissionsbedingungen 
(die "Typ A Emissionsbedingungen") wie folgt bestimmt: 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen werden (i) aus den Emissionsbedingungen, die in Teil I der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen eingefügt werden, bestehen und (ii) die eingefügten Emissionsbedingungen spezifizieren und 
vervollständigen. 
Findet Typ B auf eine Serie von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung, werden die Emissionsbedingungen 
(die "Typ B Emissionsbedingungen") wie folgt bestimmt: 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Tabelle, die in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten 
sind, vervollständigten.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
Findet Typ A Anwendung, werden die so vervollständigten Emissionsbedingungen der betreffenden 
vorläufigen und/oder Dauer-Global-Inhaber-Schuldverschreibung (die "Globalurkunde") beigeheftet. 
Findet Typ B Anwendung, werden (i) die Tabelle, die in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten ist, 
und (ii) die Emissionsbedingungen der jeweiligen Globalurkunde beigeheftet. 
Part B: Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds  
Part B sets out the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which (subject to completion by the Final 
Terms) will be attached to or incorporated by reference into each global note, provided that the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds may, in the case of a relevant change of law, 
significant new factor, or material mistake or inaccuracy, specify terms and conditions amended in relation 
to such change of law, significant new factor, or material mistake or inaccuracy, which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds, replace the 
Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds for the purpose of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds apply to a Series of Covered Bonds, as documented by the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Final Terms") either in the form of "Type A" or in the form of "Type B": 
If Type A applies to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Terms and Conditions (the "Type A Terms and 
Conditions") will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine the Terms and Conditions by inserting these Terms and Conditions in 
Part I of the Final Terms and will (ii) specify and complete these inserted Terms and Conditions. 
If Type B applies to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Terms and Conditions (the "Type B Terms and 
Conditions") will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will complete the table pertaining in Part I of the Final Terms. 
Where Type A applies, the so specified and completed Terms and Conditions will be attached to the 
respective permanent global bearer note (the "Global Note"). 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed table pertaining in Part I of the Final Terms, and (ii) the 
Terms and Conditions will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Teil B: Emissionsbedingungen für Pfandbriefe und Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen 
Teil B enthält die Emissionsbedingungen für Pfandbriefe und Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen, die 
(vorbehaltlich Vervollständigung durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen) jeder Globalurkunde beigefügt oder 
durch Bezugnahme in diese aufgenommen werden, wobei im Falle einer relevanten Gesetzesänderung, 
eines wichtigen neuen Umstands oder einer wesentlichen Unrichtigkeit oder Ungenauigkeit die anwend-
baren Endgültigen Bedingungen in Bezug auf eine Serie von Pfandbriefen und Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen Emissionsbedingungen festlegen können, die bezüglich solcher Gesetzesänderung, 
solchem wichtigen neuen Umstand oder solcher wesentlichen Unrichtigkeit oder Ungenauigkeit revidiert 
wurden und die, insoweit dies so bestimmt ist oder insoweit sie mit den Emissionsbedingungen für 
Pfandbriefe und Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen unvereinbar sind, die Emissionsbedingungen für 
Pfandbriefe und Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen für die Zwecke dieser Serie von Pfandbriefen und 
Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen ersetzen. 
Die Emissionsbedingungen der Pfandbriefe und Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen gelten für eine 
Serie von Pfandbriefen und Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, wie in den jeweiligen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") entweder in der Form des "Typ A" oder in der Form des 
"Typ B" dokumentiert: 
Findet Typ A auf eine Serie von Pfandbriefen und Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen Anwendung, 
werden die Emissionsbedingungen (die "Typ A Emissionsbedingungen") wie folgt bestimmt: 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen werden (i) aus den Emissionsbedingungen, die in Teil I der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen eingefügt werden, bestehen und (ii) die eingefügten Emissionsbedingungen spezifizieren und 
vervollständigen.

--- Page 59 ---
51 
Findet Typ B auf eine Serie von Pfandbriefen und Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen Anwendung, 
werden die Emissionsbedingungen (die "Typ B Emissionsbedingungen") wie folgt bestimmt: 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Tabelle, die in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten 
sind, vervollständigen. 
Findet Typ A Anwendung, werden die so vervollständigten Emissionsbedingungen der betreffenden Dauer-
Global-Inhaber-Urkunde (die "Globalurkunde") beigeheftet. 
Findet Typ B Anwendung, werden (i) die Tabelle, die in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten ist, 
und (ii) die Emissionsbedingungen der jeweiligen Globalurkunde beigeheftet.

--- Page 60 ---
52 
PART A 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (English language version) 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Notes, Issuance of Additional Notes) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the "Series") of Notes (the "Notes") of UniCredit Bank Austria AG (the 
"Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in bearer form pursuant to these 
terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") in [insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the 
"Aggregate Principal Amount") in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note (TEFRA D), 
insert: 
 
(2) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note", and, together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the "Global Notes" and each a "Global Note") on or after the 40th day after the 
Issue Date (the "Exchange Date") only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a 
U.S. person or are not U.S. persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions) (the "Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership 
Certificates"). [If CBL and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: 
The details of such exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") are not entitled to receive definitive Notes. The 
Notes as co-ownership interests in the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. 
"U.S. persons" means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock 
corporations and private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of 
the Issuer [In the case of an entity other than UniCredit Bank Austria AG as Principal Paying 
Agent (as specified in § 7 below), the following applies: as well as the manual signature of a 
control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 7 below)].] 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date (TEFRA C), insert: 
 
(2) 
The Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the "Permanent Global Note" or 
"Global Note") without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer [In the case of an entity other than UniCredit 
Bank Austria AG as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 7 below), the following applies: 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in 
§ 7 below)]. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") are not entitled to receive definitive 
Notes. The Notes as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to 
the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by 
the Global Note.] 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt

--- Page 61 ---
53 
("CBF")][Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear are individually referred to as an "ICSD" (International 
Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, the "ICSDs")] [insert different Clearing 
System]. 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is a 
Classical Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Notes are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note is a 
New Global Note, insert: 
 
(4) 
The Notes are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper 
("Common Safekeeper") on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of both 
ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the principal amount of the Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into 
the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the 
Notes reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the 
Notes may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as 
defined in § 4) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool 
factor, at the reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
 
[In the case of a Global Note governed by Austrian Depotgesetz is kept in custody by OeKB, insert: 
 
The Global Note is kept in custody by OeKB as central depository for securities 
(Wertpapiersammelbank) for the period of the Notes. The Noteholders are entitled to co-
ownership interests in the Global Note [which can be transferred inside Austria according to the 
rules and regulations of OeKB].] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to 
issue additional Notes with identical terms, so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with the Series comprising the Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such increase, 
also comprise all additionally issued Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
§ 2 
(Status) 
[In the case of Senior Notes insert: 
 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) or 
liquidation of the Issuer pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer except for any instruments or obligations 
preferred or subordinated by law.] 
[In case of ordinary senior Eligible Notes, insert: 
 
(1) 
Status. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) or 
liquidation of the Issuer pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer except for any instruments or obligations 
preferred or subordinated by law.] 
 
 
[In case of senior non-preferred Eligible Notes, insert: 
 
(1) 
Status. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, provided 
that they are senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer under debt instruments which meet 
the conditions for debt instruments pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG. 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) of the Issuer, claims 
on the principal amount of the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
junior to all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer which do not meet the conditions pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to 
(3) BaSAG; 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future senior non-
preferred instruments or obligations of the Issuer which meet the conditions for debt 
instruments pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG (other than senior instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank senior or junior to the Notes); 
and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims under: (i) ordinary shares and other Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) Additional 
Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (iii) Tier 2 instruments 
pursuant to Article 63 CRR of the Issuer; and (iv) all other subordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer.] 
[In case of Eligible Notes, insert: 
 
Where: 
"BaSAG" means the Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in these 
Terms and Conditions to any relevant provisions of the BaSAG include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment

--- Page 63 ---
55 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as 
amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in these Terms and Conditions to 
any relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any applicable provisions of law 
amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer 
that qualify as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR which are included 
in the amount to be complied with for the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL) pursuant to the SRMR, including any debt instruments that qualify as 
eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR. 
"SRMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, and 
any references in these Terms and Conditions to any relevant Articles of the SRMR include 
references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such Articles from time 
to time. 
 
[In case of Subordinated Notes insert: 
 
(1) 
Status. The Notes shall qualify as Tier 2 Instruments (as defined below) and constitute direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) or liquidation of the 
Issuer and to the extent that the Notes are at least partly recognized as own funds items, any 
claim on the principal amount under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
junior to all present or future claims from: (i) unsecured and unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer; (ii) instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
that do not result from own funds items of the Issuer and (iii) eligible liabilities 
instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR of the Issuer; 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims from 
Tier 2 Instruments and other subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
(other than subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed 
to rank senior or junior to the Notes); and 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) ordinary shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; and (iii) all other subordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the 
Notes. 
Where: 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as 
amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in these Terms and Conditions to 
any relevant Articles of the CRR include references to any applicable provisions of law 
amending or replacing such Articles from time to time. 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means any (directly or indirectly issued) capital instruments of the 
Issuer that qualify as Tier 2 instruments pursuant to Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or 
other) instruments that qualify as Tier 2 items pursuant to transitional provisions under the 
CRR.]

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
[In case of Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes insert: 
 
(2) 
No Set-off/Netting, No Security/Guarantee and No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are 
not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their capacity to 
absorb losses in resolution. 
The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement that 
enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
(3) 
Possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the 
Issuer, under the applicable banking resolution laws, the Resolution Authority may exercise 
the power to write down (including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
convert them into shares or other instruments of ownership of the Issuer, in each case in 
whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool or action, including (but not limited to) 
any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. 
Where: 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR 
which is responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or 
consolidated basis.] 
§ 3 
(Interest) 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
 
(1) 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") (including) to the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 4 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. The respective Interest Amount 
shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day convention [If adjustment is 
applicable (as specified in § 5): and an adjustment] pursuant to § 5 ([2][3]), be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 3 (1). The first payment of interest shall, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to § 5 ([2][3]), be made on [[insert first Interest Payment Date] [In the 
case of a first short/long coupon, insert: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination] [Initial Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal 
Amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. [In the case of a last short/long coupon, insert: Interest in 
respect of the period from [insert Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to 
the Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination] [[Final Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate 
Principal Amount].] 
 
(2) 
"Interest Rate" means 
[insert interest rate in per cent. per annum]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] and 
the Maturity Date.] 
(3) 
The calculation of the Interest Amount (the "Interest Amount") occurs by multiplying the product of 
the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate 
Principal Amount]. 
(4) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (the "Calculation Period")

--- Page 65 ---
57 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it 
falls, insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls and (2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in 
a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30 / 360, 360 / 360 or Bond Basis pursuant to ISDA 2006, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:

--- Page 66 ---
58 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.]

--- Page 67 ---
59 
[In the case of Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
 
(1) 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") (including) [for each Interest Period] 
to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 4 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. The 
respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 5): and an adjustment] pursuant to 
§ 5 [(2)][(3)], be payable in arear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 5 (1). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates without a first long/short 
coupon, insert:  
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
[and the Maturity Date].]  
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates with a first long/short 
coupon, insert:  
 
the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter 
[each][the] [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year] [and the Maturity Date].] 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms 
and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date[, 
and the Maturity Date].] 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first 
Interest Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following 
Interest Payment Date (excluding) respectively.] 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the "Interest Rate")  
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be]  
the Reference Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the case 
of a Margin, insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: "Margin" means [insert percentage in per cent per 
annum].] 
"Reference Rate" means,

--- Page 68 ---
60 
[In the case of Notes other than Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") Floating Rate Notes, 
insert: 
 
the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] offered rate (expressed as a per 
centage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, 
insert: daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA®") rate for the 
relevant London Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 
a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated 
on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the 
following formula.  
"Compounded Daily SONIA®" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA® as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] 
[●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
[∏(1 +
SONIA®i−pLBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑
 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"p" 
means [insert relevant definition]. 
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day; 
"SONIA®i-pLBD" 
means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA® 
reference rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i". 
"Observation 
Period" 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling five London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable).]

--- Page 69 ---
61 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight 
reference rate ("SOFR®") rate for the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a 
compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following 
formula. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR®" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to 
the following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + SOFR®i−USBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day (as defined below) in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"p" 
means [insert relevant definition]. 
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Day; 
"SOFR®i-pUSBD" 
means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SOFR® reference rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period" 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable).]

--- Page 70 ---
62 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: daily Euro short-term rate 
("€STR®") for the relevant TARGET 2 Banking Day which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
"Compounded Daily €STR®" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + €STR®i−pTBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of TARGET 2 Banking Day since 
the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant TARGET 2 Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first TARGET 2 Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"p" 
means [insert relevant definitions]. 
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following TARGET 2 Banking Day; 
"€STR®i-pTBD" 
means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR® 
reference rate for the TARGET 2 Banking Day 
falling "p" TARGET 2 Banking Day prior to the 
relevant TARGET 2 Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period" 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five TARGET 2 Banking Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five TARGET 2 Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five TARGET 2 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable).] 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards.] 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
first Interest Payment Date, for which the Reference Rate will 
be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] 
offered rate (each expressed as percentage rate per annum) 
each for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective

--- Page 71 ---
63 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] 
time, on the respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
Maturity Date, for which the Reference Rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the [insert number] month [Euribor] 
offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] offered 
rate (each expressed as percentage rate per annum) each for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If 
the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such 
offered rate does not appear on the Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide its rate at which deposits in the Specified Currency are 
offered at approximately 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is 
Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] interbank market for the 
respective Interest Period in a representative amount. 
If at least two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the respective Reference Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005] being rounded upwards) of such 
quotations. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as described above) of the rates quoted by 
major banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: 
Euro-Zone], determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB), at approximately 11:00 
a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, 
on that Interest Determination Date for deposits in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for the 
respective Interest Period and in a representative amount. 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time, SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England’s bank rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of SONIA® to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which SONIA® has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest

--- Page 72 ---
64 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA®, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
SONIA® for the purpose of the Notes for so long as SONIA® is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. To the extent that any amendments or 
modifications to these Terms and Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the [Calculation Agent] 
[●] to follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA®, 
the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall have no obligation to act until 
such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time and, (1) unless both a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day for which SOFR® was published on 
the Screen Page; or (2) if a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recom-
mended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal 
Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), provided 
that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest Determination 
Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR® 
where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day were references to New York Banking 
Day, (iii) references to SOFR® Index Cessation Event were 
references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references

--- Page 73 ---
65 
to SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further 
that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date 
occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR® were 
references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day were references to New 
York Banking Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were 
references to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate 
target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal 
Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-
point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee and published on the Federal 
Reserve’s Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the 
upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the 
target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Banking Day" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Interest Determination 
Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the 
New York Banking Day immediately preceding such Interest 
Determination Date as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination 
Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of 
a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events:  
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to

--- Page 74 ---
66 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies 
to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions. 
"SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect 
of a SOFR® Index Cessation Event, the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases 
to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as 
of which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer 
be used. 
"SOFR® Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events: 
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be 
limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions.]

--- Page 75 ---
67 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert:  
 
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the 
respective Interest Determination Date on the [insert screen 
page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European 
Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i 
for the purpose of the Notes for so long as €STR®i is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
To 
the 
extent 
that 
any 
amendments 
or 
modifications to these Terms and Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the [Calculation Agent] [●] 
to follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall have no obligation to act until 
such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [second] [first] [last] [insert 
other number of days] [If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: 
TARGET2] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the 
Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: "TARGET2 Banking 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is 
operational.]  
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: "[London] [insert other financial 
centre] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government 
Securities] Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, 
insert: London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert 
other financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement 
Page).

--- Page 76 ---
68 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the [If the Reference Rate is 
Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] interbank market, which will be determined by 
the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB).  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: "Euro-Zone" means the countries 
and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.]  
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], (ii) the administrator of the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ceases to calculate and publish the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] permanently or for an indefinite period of time, 
(iii) the administrator of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] is otherwise being discontinued (each a "Discontinuation Event"), 
the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate 
determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such 
order (the "Successor Reference Rate"): 
 
(I) The [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with the 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by the 
administrator of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the competent 
central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for 
the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the term of the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be used in accordance with 
applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be determined); 
 
(II) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating 
rate notes in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate 
cannot be determined);  
 
(III) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate 
futures in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for 
exchange traded interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a 
comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate, 
which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such 
determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a 
reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced 
with the type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable 
manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be 
used in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor 
Reference Rate"). From the date of the determination of the Successor 
Reference Rate (the "Relevant Date") any reference to the Reference Rate 
shall be read as a reference to the Successor [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] and any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant

--- Page 77 ---
69 
Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the 
provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Noteholders in accordance with § 10. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] with a Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an 
interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining 
the Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of 
achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the 
Note before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Noteholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) 
through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may [insert in the case of Eligible 
Notes: subject to restrictions in applicable laws and regulations] [insert in the 
case of Subordinated Notes: subject to the prior consent of the competent 
supervisory authority or resolution authority, to the extent required by law] 
redeem the Notes in whole [or in part]. The Notes will be redeemed at par, 
together with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to the 
provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 10.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Interest Rate applicable from the 
first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the 
redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were 
offered [in the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In case the 
relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied against 
such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] [The Interest Rate will 
never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to redeem the Notes, 
the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first Interest Payment Date 
following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be the Issuer’s designee with respect 
to determinations with respect to a Discontinuation Event. The Calculation 
Agent shall have no liability for any determination made by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or its designee in connection with a Discontinuation Event or a 
replacement of [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] or any adjustments 
or conforming changes thereto. In connection with the foregoing, the 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations 
made by the Issuer or its designee. 
 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Notes, insert: 
 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap swap 
rate expressed as a percentage rate per annum which appears on the Screen 
Page as of the Reference Rate Time on the respective Interest Determination 
Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement 
Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not 
appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request the Reference 
Banks to provide the mid-market annual swap rate quotations at 
approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for 
that Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotations (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest).  
"Reference Rate Time" means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion (§ 315 BGB). 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [second] [first] [last] [insert 
other number of days] [TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is 
operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[London] [insert 
other financial centre] Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other 
financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to 
calculate and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite 
period of time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise 
being discontinued (each a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Rate 
shall be replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying 
steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the "Successor Reference Rate"): 
 
(I) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is 
announced by the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central 
bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which can be used in 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined);  
 
(II) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a

--- Page 79 ---
71 
reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate notes in the respective 
currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot be determined);  
 
(III) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant 
currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest 
futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no 
such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by 
the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not 
obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial 
adviser or financial institution experienced with the type of calculations 
required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) with 
regard to the term of the Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner based on the general market interest levels 
in the Federal Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be 
used in connection with such Successor Reference Rate. From the date of the 
determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the "Relevant Date") any 
reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor 
Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the 
Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the 
provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Noteholders in accordance with § 10. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a 
Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment 
factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate and 
calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the Note before the 
Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the economic detriment 
of the Noteholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be 
replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, 
the Issuer may [insert in the case of Eligible Notes: subject to restrictions in 
applicable laws and regulations] [insert in the case of Subordinated Notes: 
subject to the prior consent of the competent supervisory authority or 
resolution authority, to the extent required by law] redeem the Notes in whole 
[or in part]. The Notes will be redeemed at par, together with any accrued 
interest until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 10.  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes, the Interest Rate applicable from the 
first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the 
redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last 
day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such quotations 
were offered [in the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the 
case of a margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating

--- Page 80 ---
72 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In 
case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied 
against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] [The Interest 
Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to redeem 
the Notes, the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first Interest Payment 
Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the "Interest Rate")  
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be] 
the relevant ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], [In 
the case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The "Margin" amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
"ISDA Rate" means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were to act as calculation agent for such swap 
transaction, such determination occurring pursuant to an agreement declaring the 2006 
ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Definitions (in the version that is valid, current, 
updated and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on their 
website at www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) (the "ISDA 
Definitions") part of the contract and according to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate ("Euribor") for a currency: the first 
day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is not based on 
the Euribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]). 
For purposes of this subparagraph (2), (i) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meaning 
accorded to these terms in the ISDA Definitions, and (ii) "Euro-Zone" means the 
countries and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
 
(3) 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert Minimum Interest Rate].] 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
 
(3) 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be [insert Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
[(3)][(4)]  
The Interest Amount (the "Interest Amount") will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, 
by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount].

--- Page 81 ---
73 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the 
respective Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the Notes are at that 
point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification to the stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the [fourth] [insert 
number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
adjusted in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment). Any such adjustment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange, on which 
the Notes are then admitted or traded and to the Noteholders in accordance with § 10. 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If 
the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] 
[is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, 
insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]. 
[(5)][(6)] 
"Day Count Fraction" means,  
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360 (ISDA) or 360/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 82 ---
74 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.] 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest method)) 
insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 83 ---
75 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the 
last day of the Calculation Period.] 
 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
 
(1) 
During their lifetime, there will be no periodic interest payment on the Notes. 
(2) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.] 
 
§ 4 
(Redemption) 
(1)  
The Notes shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date [in case of senior non-preferred Eligible Notes 
insert Maturity Date not earlier than 1 year after the Issue Date] [in case of Subordinated Notes 
insert Maturity Date not earlier than 5 years after the Issue Date]] (the "Maturity Date"), unless 
redeemed early pursuant to [In the case of an Event of Default is applicable, insert: § 6 or] § 4 at their 
[Specified Denomination][Aggregate Principal Amount] (the "Redemption Amount"). 
[In the case the Senior Notes and Eligible Notes are early redeemable for reasons of taxation, insert: 
 
(2)  
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
The Notes may be declared repayable, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, 
upon not more than 60 days’ nor less than 30 days’ prior notice of redemption given to 
the Principal Paying Agent and, pursuant to § 10 to the Noteholders, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) [in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, 
insert: together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (but 
excluding)] if as a result of any change in the legislation of the Republic of Austria or 
any political subdivision thereof, case law by the Austrian Supreme Administrative Court 
(Verwaltungsgerichtshof) or the Austrian Constitutional Court (Verfassungsgerichtshof), 
or guidance issued by the Austrian Ministry of Finance (Bundesministerium für 
Finanzen) to the Austrian tax authorities in the form of decrees (Erlässe), which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this 
series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 8 herein) [in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: on the immediately 
succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3)] [in case of Zero Coupon Notes,

--- Page 84 ---
76 
insert: at maturity or upon the sale or exchange of any Note], and this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
Prior to the publication of any redemption pursuant to this paragraph (a), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of an Austrian tax advisor (Steuerberater) or an Austrian attorney at law 
(Rechtsanwalt) which is economically independent from the Issuer and which has not 
been engaged by the Issuer in the past to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(b) 
However, such early redemption may not occur; (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due; or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, 
such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
(c) 
Any such notice for early redemption shall be given pursuant to § 10. It shall be 
irrevocable and must specify the date fixed for redemption and the Optional Redemption 
Amount. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount") [per Note] 
[of the Notes] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount which may not be lower than the principal 
amount/issue price]. 
[In case of Eligible Notes insert: Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 4(2) shall 
only be possible where the conditions to redemption and repurchase as laid down in 
§ 4([3][4[5][6]) are met.] 
 
[In the case the Senior Notes and the Eligible Notes are early redeemable at the option of the Issuer (Call-
Option), insert: 
 
([2][3]) Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] 
([the][each such date a] "Call Date") redeem the Notes in whole [or in part]. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking 
Days)][Banking Days (as defined in § 5 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] 
Call Date pursuant to § 10. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
[relevant] Call Date. The Notes will be redeemed at the [relevant] Call Date at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued until the Call Date 
pursuant to the provisions in § 5. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the "Optional Redemption Amount") [per Note] 
[of the Notes] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[as follows: 
Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may not 
be lower than the principal amount/issue price]] 
[This call option does not affect the Noteholder’s put option until the [last] Call Date 
[immediately preceding the Put Date].]] 
[In case of Eligible Notes and in case of Subordinated Notes insert: 
 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 4(2) shall only be possible where the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase as laid down in § 4([3][4][5][6]) are met.]

--- Page 85 ---
77 
[In case of Senior Notes which are early redeemable at the option of the Noteholder insert: 
 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Notes which are subject of the prior 
exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
§ 4([2][3][4]).] 
[In the case the Senior Notes are already redeemable at the option of the Noteholder (Put-Option), insert: 
 
([2][3][4])  
Optional Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
The Noteholders may, by notice in text form (the "Put Notice"), demand the early 
redemption of the Notes on [insert Put Date(s)] ([the] [each a] "Put Date"). The Issuer 
shall redeem the Notes pursuant to the conditions in § 5 at the Put Amount including all 
interest accrued until the Put Date, against delivery of the Notes to the account of the 
Principal Paying Agent with the Clearing System to the Issuer or to its order, if any 
Noteholder gives prior Put Notice [at least [30][insert number]] [and] [not more than 
[60][insert number]] Banking Days (as defined in § 5 [(2)][(3)] below) [before the Put 
Date][insert date]. This Put Notice shall be made by transmission of a duly completed 
form, available at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent [insert contact 
details] during normal trading hours, to the Principal Paying Agent. 
The Put Notice shall include in particular: 
(a) 
the name and the address of the Noteholder, with sufficiently conclusive proof of 
ownership to the Principal Paying Agent that such Noteholder at the time of such 
notice is a holder of the relevant Notes; 
(b) 
the security identification number and the number of Notes in relation to which the 
Put Right shall be exercised; and 
(c) 
the Clearing Systems account number or bank and cash account (as applicable) to 
which the Put Amount is to be transferred. 
If the number of Notes stated in the Put Notice for which the Exercise Right is to be 
effected deviates from the number of Notes transferred to the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Put Notice shall be deemed to have been submitted for the number of Notes 
corresponding to the smaller of the two numbers. Any remaining Notes are transferred 
back to the Noteholder at the latter’s expense and risk. 
No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Put Amount (the "Put Amount") [per Note] [of the Notes] shall be [its Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount] [as follows: 
Put Date(s) 
Put Amount(s) 
[insert Put Date(s)] 
[insert Put Amount(s) which may not be 
lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]] 
[In the case of a call option of the Issuer, insert: This put option does not affect the 
Issuer’s call option until the [last] Put Date [immediately preceding the Call Date].]] 
([3][4]) The "Early Redemption Amount" shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
[insert Reference Price] (the "Reference Price"), and 
(b) 
the product of [insert Amortisation Yield in per cent.] (the "Amortisation Yield") and 
the Reference Price from (and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Notes become due 
and payable, whereby the Amortisation Yield shall be compounded annually.

--- Page 86 ---
78 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined under § 3). 
 
[In case of Eligible Notes, insert: 
 
([2][3][4][5]) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
The Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer at any 
time, upon not less than [insert Minimum Notice Period] and not more than [insert 
Maximum Notice Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] prior notice of redemption at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption (exclusive), if there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes that would be likely to result or has resulted in their exclusion 
in full or in part from liabilities eligible for the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (MREL) pursuant to the SRMR and/ or the BaSAG on an unlimited 
and uncapped basis and if the conditions to redemption and repurchase as laid down in 
§ 4([3][4][5][6]) are met.  
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 10. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall state the date fixed for redemption. 
([3][4][5][6]) Conditions for Redemption and Repurchase.  
Any early redemption pursuant to this § 4 and any repurchase pursuant to § 11 are 
subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Resolution Authority (or 
any other relevant supervisory authority) for the early redemption or the repurchase in 
accordance with the Articles 77 and 78a CRR, if and to the extent such prior permission 
is required at this time. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or 
repurchase, the prevailing supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the 
early redemption or repurchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent, to the extent 
required, shall not constitute a default for any purpose.] 
[In case of Subordinated Notes insert: 
 
(3) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time prior to their Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(exclusive) on giving not less than [insert Minimum Notice Period] nor more than 
[insert Maximum Notice Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] prior notice of early 
redemption to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 10, to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Notes, and if the conditions to redemption and repurchase as laid down in 
§ 4(5) are met. 
(4) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time prior to their Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(exclusive) on giving not less than [insert Minimum Notice Period] nor more than

--- Page 87 ---
79 
[insert Maximum Notice Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] prior notice of early 
redemption to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 10, to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in full or in part from the 
own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds (on an individual 
basis and/or on a consolidated basis of the Issuer), and if the conditions to redemption 
and repurchase as laid down in § 4(5) are met. 
(5) 
Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. 
Any early redemption pursuant to this § 4 and any repurchase pursuant to § 11 are subject to  
(a) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Competent Authority (as 
defined below) for the early redemption or the repurchase in accordance with the 
Articles 77 and 78 CRR, if applicable to the Issuer at that point in time; and 
(b) 
in the case of any early redemption or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
date of issuance of the Notes, in addition, if applicable to the Issuer at that point in 
time: 
(i) 
in case of an early redemption for reasons of taxation pursuant to § 4(3), the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
in case of an early redemption for regulatory reasons pursuant to § 4(4), the 
Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of an early redemption in circumstances other than as described in 
item (i) or (ii), either before or at the same time as such action, if the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority has permitted that action based on the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, 
the prevailing supervisory regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to 
those set out above, the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional 
pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Competent Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent, to the extent 
required, shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Where: 
"Competent Authority" means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR 
which is responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis.] 
 
[In case the Senior Notes and the Eligible Notes are not early redeemable at the option of the Noteholder 
and in case of Subordinated Notes insert: 
 
([2][3][4][5][6]) No Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
The Noteholders do not have a right to demand the early redemption of the Notes.]

--- Page 88 ---
80 
[In case of Subordinated Notes and Eligible Notes insert: 
 
([4][5][6][7]) 
Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of this § 4, the "Early Redemption Amount" of a 
Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [insert other Early Redemption Amount].] 
 
§ 5 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and  
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date including any interest accrued 
until the Call Date[.][or]]  
[In the case of a Put Amount, insert: 
 
([c][d]) 
to pay the Put Amount on the Put Date including any interest accrued until 
the Put Date. 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under 
these Terms and Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: 
up or down to the nearest 0.01 Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always 
downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest 
unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded [upwards][always 
downwards]. 
[In the case of an Early Redemption Amount, insert:  
 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Notes (the "Payment Date") is not a Banking Day 
then  
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment 
shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day, 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) an Interest 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Banking Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Banking Day in the month, which falls [[insert 
number] months][insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date.]

--- Page 89 ---
81 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Banking 
Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in respect of 
such delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as 
described above, such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted 
accordingly.] 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If 
the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] 
[is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, 
insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 7). The Principal Paying 
Agent shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the 
depository banks for transfer to the Noteholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall discharge 
the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes in the amount of such payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Notes when due, accrual of interest on due amounts 
continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law1. Such accrual of interest starts on 
the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the effective date of 
payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert:  
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be made only upon 
delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1 (2)) by the relevant 
participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 6 
(Event of Default) 
[In case of Senior Notes, insert: 
 
If any of the following events (hereinafter called an "Event of Default") shall occur and shall be 
continuing: 
(1) 
default being made in the payment of any amount due under the Notes for a period 
of 30 days from the due date; or 
(2) 
for Notes other than subordinated instruments, the Issuer failing to perform or observe any 
covenant, condition or provision binding on it contained in the Notes (other than any 
                                                     
 
1  
The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch - BGB) is five 
percentage points (if at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest 
published by the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 90 ---
82 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes) and on its part to 
be performed and observed and such failure not being remedied within 45 days following 
the service on the Agent of a notice by any Noteholder requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(3) 
the Issuer being adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent or any order being made by any 
competent court or administrative agency, or any effective resolution being passed, for 
(i) the Issuer to be wound-up, liquidated or dissolved or (ii) for the judicial appointment of 
an special receiver (Aufsichtsperson) to supervise the management of the Issuer with 
binding authority with the effect of special receivership proceedings (Geschäftsaufsichts-
verfahren) pursuant to the Austrian Banking Act (Bankwesengesetz) (or any other 
regulation applicable in the future) in relation to the Issuer or a substantial part of its assets, 
in the case of either (i) or (ii) otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation effected with the prior approval of an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders (save that no reconstruction, merger or amalgamation of the Issuer shall give 
rise to an Event of Default or shall require the approval of an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders provided that the entity surviving, or resulting from, such reconstruction, 
merger or amalgamation assumes the obligations of the Issuer, and Standard & Poor’s 
and/or Moody’s, as the case may be, shall have confirmed that following the reconstruction, 
merger or amalgamation the credit rating of the long term debt of the entity surviving, or 
resulting from, such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation has a higher or equivalent 
rating to that of the long term debt of the Issuer): 
any Noteholder may, at his option, by notice to the Issuer through the Agent declare his Note to be 
due and payable, whereupon the principal amount of such Note, together with interest accrued to the 
date of payment, shall become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the time when such 
notice is served, such Event of Default shall have been cured, subject to mandatory acceleration in 
the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer under Austrian bankruptcy law. 
[In case of Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes, insert: 
 
[This paragraph is intentionally left blank.]] 
§ 7 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] (the "Principal Paying 
Agent"). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the "Paying Agents") and revoke such 
appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to § 10. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the "Calculation Agent").] 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or 
Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of 
international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or another person or 
institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the 
Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 10. 
([3][4]) In connection with the Notes, the Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and the 
Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards or

--- Page 91 ---
83 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. The Principal Paying Agent [and 
the Paying Agents] [and the Calculation Agent] shall be exempt from the restrictions of §181 German 
Civil Code. 
([4][5]) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
 
§ 8 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Austria or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts [insert in case of Subordinated Notes and Eligible Notes: with respect to 
interest only] as will be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional 
Amounts"). However, no such Additional Amounts [insert in case of Subordinated Notes and 
Eligible Notes: with respect to interest] will be payable on account of any Taxes which: 
(a) 
are payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from payments of principal or interest, 
or 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with the Republic Austria and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in 
respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in 
the Republic of Austria; or 
(c) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof is published in accordance with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(d) 
would not be payable if the Notes had been kept in safe custody, and the payments had been 
collected by a banking institution; or 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Noteholder makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to the relevant tax authorities or complies with any reasonable certification 
documentation, information or other reporting requirement; or 
(f) 
are imposed pursuant to section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended ("Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any treaty or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(g) 
any combination of paragraphs (a)-(f). 
(2) 
If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations prevailing in the Republic of 
Austria or pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement with the United States of America or any 
authority thereof or as a result of any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change becomes effective on or after the Issue Date or, if the series of Notes 
comprises more than one Tranche, the Issue Date of the first Tranche, Taxes are or will be leviable by 
way of withholding or deduction on payments of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
("Withholding Taxes") and, whether by reason of the obligation to pay additional amounts of interest 
[insert in case of Notes other than Subordinated Notes and Eligible Notes: and principal] pursuant to 
paragraph (1) or otherwise, such Withholding Taxes are to be borne by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
redeem all unpaid Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less than 30 days’ notice, 
at their [Specified Denomination] [Aggregate Principal Amount], together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the redemption date [insert in case of Subordinated Notes:, subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority] [insert in case of Eligible Notes:, subject to the prior

--- Page 92 ---
84 
permission of the Resolution Authority]. But no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date, on which the Issuer would be obliged to withhold or pay 
Withholding Taxes, were a payment in respect of the Notes then made.  
(3) 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 10. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the 
relevant early redemption date and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the early redemption. 
 
§ 9 
(Substitution of the Issuer) 
[In case of Senior Notes, insert: 
 
(1) 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, substitute any Affiliate (as defined below) as the principal debtor in 
respect of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (the "Substituted Debtor"), provided that: 
(a) 
Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s as the case may be, shall have confirmed that, following 
the proposed substitution, the long term debt of the Substituted Debtor will have a higher or 
equivalent rating to that of the long term debt of the Issuer at the time of such substitution; 
(b) 
without prejudice to the generality of subparagraph (a) above, if the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory (the "New Residence") 
other than the Republic of Austria; 
(c) 
(i) the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect; and (ii) the obligations assumed by the Substituted Debtor 
in respect of the Notes and the Agency Agreement are, in each case, valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder;  
(d) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(e) 
where the Substituted Debtor is not a company incorporated in the Republic of Austria, the 
Substituted Debtor shall have appointed a process agent as its agent in Austria to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement; and 
(f) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) (in 
each case dated not more than three days prior to the intended date of substitution) from legal 
advisers of good standing selected by the Issuer in each jurisdiction in which the Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer are incorporated and in Austria confirming, as appropriate, that upon the 
substitution taking place (A) the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement are legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms and 
(B) the requirements of this Condition, save as to the giving of notice to the Noteholders, have 
been met. 
(2) 
Upon the substitution, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes and the 
Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer and the Notes and the Agency 
Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution of a 
Substituted Debtor as principal debtor and operate to release the Issuer or the previous substitute as 
aforesaid from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the Agency 
Agreement. 
(3) 
Not later than 20 days after the substitution, the Substituted Debtor shall give notice thereof to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 10. 
(4) 
At any time after a substitution pursuant to this § 9, the Substituted Debtor may, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, effect a further substitution provided that all the provisions specified in this § 9

--- Page 93 ---
85 
shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and, without limitation, references to the Issuer in these Terms and 
Conditions shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such 
further Substituted Debtor. 
(5) 
For the purposes hereof, "Affiliate" means UniCredit S.p.A. or any company of which the Issuer or 
UniCredit S.p.A. has control and "control" for the purpose hereof means either (i) the beneficial 
ownership, whether direct or indirect, of the majority of the issued share capital of such company or 
(ii) the right to direct the management and policies, whether by the ownership of share capital, 
contract or otherwise of such company. 
 
[In case of Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes, insert: 
 
[This paragraph is intentionally left blank.]] 
 
§ 10 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange, insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Notes shall be published to the extent legally required in one 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange in [Luxembourg (Luxemburger Wort)][Vienna 
(Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung)] except that, if and to the extent that the rules of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange so permit, notices of such Notes may be given by the Issuer by delivering the 
relevant notice to OeKB (if applicable)][insert other stock exchange and authorised 
newspaper]. This newspaper is expected to be [insert newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, the notices shall be 
published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange in [Luxembourg] 
[Vienna][insert other stock exchange].] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first 
of such publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the Notes will be made [additionally] by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert URL]). Any notice 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of 
such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [Frankfurt] [insert other

--- Page 94 ---
86 
financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Notes are listed 
permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [Frankfurt] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[Frankfurt] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [Frankfurt] [insert other 
financial centre]].] 
 
§ 11 
(Repurchase) 
[In the case of Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes insert: Provided that the conditions as laid down in 
§ 4([3][4][5][6]) are met, the] [In the case of Senior Notes insert: The] Issuer shall be entitled at any time to 
purchase Notes in the market or otherwise and at any price. Notes repurchased by the Issuer may, at the 
Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation.] 
 
§ 12 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch - BGB) is reduced to ten years in respect of principal and limited to three years in respect of 
interest. 
 
§ 13 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes be or become invalid or unenforceable in 
whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result of invalidity 
or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes is to be filled with a provision that 
corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes and is in the interest of 
the parties. 
 
§ 14 
(Choice of law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the Noteholders 
shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany (main statute). The provisions in 
§ 2 shall be governed by, and shall be construed exclusively in accordance with, Austrian law.  
(2) 
Place of performance is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
(3) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters 
governed by the terms and conditions of these Notes shall be brought before the court in Frankfurt am 
Main, Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 95 ---
87 
[Insert if Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.] 
[Insert if Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and an German language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is 
provided for convenience only.] 
  
[If the Terms and Conditions may be amended, insert: 
§ 15 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1)  
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - "SchVG")), shall be applicable in relation to the Notes. Thus, the 
Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders [Insert in case of Subordinated Notes: subject to the consent by the Competent Authority 
(or any other relevant supervisory authority)][in case of Eligible Notes insert: subject to the consent 
by the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority)].  
(2)  
The Noteholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(i) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest;  
(ii) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal;  
(iii) 
a reduction of principal;  
(iv) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Notes in insolvency proceedings of the Issuer;  
(v) 
a conversion of the Notes into, or the exchange of the Notes for, shares, other securities or 
obligations;  
(vi) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(vii) a change of the currency of the Notes; 
(viii) a waiver or restriction of Noteholders' termination rights under the Notes;  
(ix) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Notes; and 
(x) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Noteholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Noteholder by majority resolution. 
(3)  
Pursuant to § 18 SchVG, Noteholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [without a physical 
meeting][in a physical meeting]. 
A meeting of Noteholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common Representative (as defined 
in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection with § 18 SchVG, a 
meeting of Noteholders must be called if Noteholders holding Notes amounting to 5 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons 
set out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4)  
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Noteholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote participating in 
the vote.  
In the cases of this § 15 (2) items (i) through (x), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote.

--- Page 96 ---
88 
(5)  
Each Noteholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the principal amount or 
the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. As long as the entitlement to the 
Notes lies with, or the Notes are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of 
the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Notes shall 
be suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Notes, of which the voting rights are so suspended, to 
another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; this shall 
also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting right for 
the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6)  
Binding Effect. Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Noteholders. Resolutions which do not 
provide for identical conditions for all Noteholders are void, unless Noteholders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(7)  
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of voting by means 
of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must  
(i) 
indicate the full name and address of the Noteholder 
(ii)  
specify the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement, and 
(iii)  confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (i) and (ii) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes including the Clearing System. 
(8)  
The Noteholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the "Common 
Representative") to exercise the Noteholders' rights on behalf of each Noteholder. Any natural 
person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person may act as Common Representative. Any 
person who: 
(i) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(ii) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its 
affiliates; 
(iii) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Notes, or is a member of a corporate body, an officer or 
other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(iv) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Noteholders prior to being appointed as a Common 
Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common Representative, 
the Common Representative shall inform the Noteholders promptly in appropriate form and manner. 
(9)  
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolution of the Noteholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights 
themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Common 
Representative shall provide reports to the Noteholders on its activities. 
(10)  The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Noteholders 
who shall be joint and several creditors (Gesamtgläubiger); in the performance of its duties it shall 
act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the liability of the Common 
Representative may be limited by resolution of the Noteholders, insert: The liability of the Common 
Representative may be limited by a resolution passed by the Noteholders.][If the liability of the

--- Page 97 ---
89 
Common Representative may be limited to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common 
Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] 
The Noteholders shall decide upon the assertion of claims for compensation of the Noteholders 
against the Common Representative. 
(11)  The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Noteholders without 
specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information required for the 
performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs and expenses 
arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable remuneration of the 
Common Representative. 
(12)  Substitution. The provisions of this § 15 do not apply to a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to § 9. 
(13) Exclusion of the Applicability of the Austrian Notes Trustee Act. The applicability of the provisions of 
the Austrian Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation 
Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz) is explicitly excluded in relation to the Notes.]

--- Page 98 ---
90 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die "Serie") von Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
der UniCredit Bank Austria AG (die "Emittentin") wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
"Ausgabetag") in Form von Inhaberschuldverschreibungen auf der Grundlage dieser Anleihe-
bedingungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") in [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die "Festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[bis 
zu] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Gesamtnennbetrag") in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Global-Inhaberschuldverschreibung, die gegen eine Dauer-Global-
Inhaberschuldverschreibung ausgetauscht wird (TEFRA D), einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Global-Inhaberschuldverschreibung 
(die "Vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Global-
Inhaberschuldverschreibung wird am oder nach dem 40. Tag (der "Austauschtag") nach dem 
Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige Global-Inhaberschuldverschreibung verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) (die "Bescheinig-
ungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum"), gegen eine Dauer-Global-Inhaberschuldverschreibung (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde die "Globalurkunden" 
und einzeln jeweils eine "Globalurkunde") ausgetauscht. [Falls CBL und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungsinhaber") haben keinen 
Anspruch auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind als Miteigentumsanteile an der Global-Inhaberschuldverschreibung nach den einschlägigen 
Bestimmungen des Clearing Systems übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauer-Global-
Inhaberschuldverschreibung verbrieft. 
"U.S.-Personen" sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 
definiert sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie 
amerikanische Kapital- und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin [Im Falle einer anderen Stelle als UniCredit Bank Austria AG als 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 7 bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 7 definiert)].] 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag (TEFRA C), einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die "Globalurkunde"), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin [Im Falle einer anderen Stelle als 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 7 bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 7 
definiert)] trägt. Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungsinhaber") 
haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen

--- Page 99 ---
91 
Bestimmungen des Clearing Systems übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieft.] 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing 
System" [ist OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][sind 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")][(CBL 
und Euroclear sind jeweils ein "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depository) und gemeinsam 
die "ICSDs")][anderes Clearing System einfügen]. 
 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine Classical Global Note, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle ("Common Depositary") im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die Dauerglobalurkunde 
eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle ("Common Safekeeper") im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung, Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die Schuld-
verschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der 
optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in § 4 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung 
wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs 
gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[Im Fall der Verwahrung einer Sammelurkunde nach österreichischem Depotgesetz bei der OeKB, 
einfügen: 
 
Die Sammelurkunde wird auf die Dauer der Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen bei der OeKB als 
Wertpapiersammelbank hinterlegt. Den Schuldverschreibungsinhabern der Schuldverschreibungen 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile an der Sammelurkunde zu[, die innerhalb Österreichs gemäß den 
Regelungen und Bestimmungen der OeKB übertragen werden können].] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber weitere Schuldver-
schreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der

--- Page 100 ---
92 
Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff "Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst im Fall einer solchen 
Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebene Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
§ 2 
(Status) 
[Im Fall von Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die in einem regulären Insolvenzverfahren (Konkurs-verfahren) oder 
einer Liquidation der Emittentin untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind mit Ausnahme von 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten, die nach geltenden Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig oder nachrangig 
sind.] 
 [Im Fall von gewöhnlichen nicht nachrangigen Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen Instrumente Berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlich-
keiten begründen (wie nachstehend definiert). 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
in 
einem 
regulären 
Insolvenzverfahren 
(Konkursverfahren) oder einer Liquidation der Emittentin untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind mit Ausnahme von Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten, die nach geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig oder nachrangig sind.] 
[Im Fall von nicht bevorrechtigten nicht nachrangigen Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibung 
einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen Instrumente Berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlich-
keiten begründen (wie nachstehend definiert). 
Nicht Bevorrechtigte Nicht Nachrangige Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
direkte, 
unbe-sicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass sie nicht bevorrechtigte nicht-
nachrangige (senior non-preferred) Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln sind, die 
die Voraussetzungen für Schuldtitel gemäß § 131 Abs 3 Z 1 bis 3 BaSAG erfüllen. 
In einem regulären Insolvenzverfahren (Konkursverfahren) der Emittentin sind Ansprüche auf 
den Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen: 
(a) 
nachrangig gegenüber allen anderen gegen-wärtigen oder zukünftigen unbesicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
nicht die Voraussetzungen gemäß § 131 Abs 3 Z 1 bis 3 BaSAG erfüllen; 
(b) 
gleichrangig: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen 
nicht-bevor-rechtigten 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Instrumenten 
oder 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die die Voraussetzungen für Schuldtitel gemäß 
§ 131 Abs 3 Z 1 bis 3 BaSAG erfüllen (ausgenommen nicht nachrangige Instrumente 
oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die vorrangig oder nachrangig gegenüber den 
Schuldverschreibungen sind oder diesen gegenüber als vorrangig oder nachrangig 
bezeichnet werden); und 
(c) 
vorrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen: (i) Stammaktien und 
anderen Instrumenten des harten Kernkapitals (Common Equity Tier 1) gemäß 
Artikel 28 CRR der Emittentin; (ii) Instrumenten des zusätzlichen Kernkapitals

--- Page 101 ---
93 
(Additional Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 52 CRR der Emittentin; (iii) Instrumenten des 
Ergänzungskapitals (Tier 2) gemäß Artikel 63 CRR der Emittentin; und (iv) allen 
anderen nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin.] 
 [Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Wobei: 
"BaSAG" bezeichnet das österreichische Bundesgesetz über die Sanierung und Abwicklung von 
Banken (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz) in der jeweils geltenden oder ersetzten Fassung, und 
jegliche Bezugnahme in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf jegliche maßgebliche Paragraphen des 
BaSAG beinhaltet Bezugnahmen auf jede anwendbare Gesetzesbestimmung, die diese Paragraphen 
jeweils ändert oder ersetzt. 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und Wertpapierfirmen und zur 
Änderung der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation) in der jeweils 
geltenden oder ersetzten Fassung, und jegliche Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
jegliche maßgebliche Artikel der CRR beinhalten Bezugnahmen auf jede anwendbare 
Gesetzesbestimmung, die diese Artikel jeweils ändert oder ersetzt. 
"Instrumente Berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet alle (direkt begebenen) 
Schuldtitel der Emittentin, die zu Instrumenten berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten gemäß 
Artikel 72b CRR zählen, die in dem Mindestbetrag an Eigenmitteln und berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities – MREL) gemäß der 
SRMR enthalten sind, einschließlich aller Schuldtitel, die aufgrund von Übergangsbestimmungen 
zu den Posten berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten der CRR zählen. 
"SRMR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 806/2014 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 15. Juli 2014 zur Festlegung einheitlicher Vorschriften und eines einheitlichen 
Verfahrens für die Abwicklung von Kreditinstituten und bestimmten Wertpapierfirmen im Rahmen 
eines einheitlichen Abwicklungsmechanismus und eines einheitlichen Abwicklungsfonds sowie zur 
Änderung der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1093/2010 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation) in der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
oder 
ersetzten 
Fassung, 
und 
jegliche 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf jegliche maßgebliche Artikel der SRMR beinhaltet Bezugnahmen auf 
jede anwendbare Gesetzesbestimmung, die diese Artikel jeweils ändert oder ersetzt.] 
 [Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen Tier 2 Instrumente (wie nachstehend definiert) 
darstellen und begründen direkte, unbesicherte und nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin. 
In einem regulären Insolvenzverfahren (Konkursverfahren) oder einer Liquidation der 
Emittentin und sofern die Schuldverschreibungen zumindest teilweise als Eigenmittelposten 
anerkannt werden, sind Ansprüche auf den Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen: 
(a) 
nachrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus: 
(i) unbesicherten und nicht-nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin; 
(ii) Instrumente 
oder 
Verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
sich 
nicht 
aus 
Eigenmittelposten 
ergeben; 
und 
(iii) Instrumenten 
berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten gemäß Artikel 72b CRR der Emittentin; 
(b) 
gleichrangig: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus Tier 2 Instrumenten und anderen nachrangigen 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin (ausgenommen nachrangige 
Instrumente oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die vorrangig oder nachrangig 
gegenüber den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind oder diesen gegenüber als 
vorrangig oder nachrangig bezeichnet werden); und

--- Page 102 ---
94 
(c) 
vorrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen aus: 
(i) Instrumenten des zusätzlichen Kernkapitals (Additional Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 52 
CRR der Emittentin; (ii) Stammaktien und anderen Instrumenten des harten 
Kernkapitals (Common Equity Tier 1) gemäß Artikel 28 CRR der Emittentin; und 
(iii) allen anderen nachrangigen Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, 
die den Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen gegenüber nachrangig sind oder diesen 
gegenüber als nachrangig bezeichnet werden. 
Wobei: 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates 
vom 
26. Juni 
2013 
über 
Aufsichtsanforderungen 
an 
Kreditinstitute 
und 
Wertpapierfirmen und zur Änderung der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 648/2012 (Capital 
Requirements Regulation) in der jeweils geltenden oder ersetzten Fassung, und jegliche 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf jegliche maßgebliche Artikel der CRR 
beinhalten Bezugnahmen auf jede anwendbare Gesetzesbestimmung, die diese Artikel jeweils 
ändert oder ersetzt. 
"Tier 2 Instrumente" bezeichnet alle (direkt oder indirekt begebenen) Kapitalinstrumente der 
Emittentin, die zu Instrumenten des Ergänzungskapitals (Tier 2) gemäß Artikel 63 CRR 
zählen, einschließlich aller Kapital- (oder andere) Instrumente, die aufgrund von CRR-
Übergangsbestimmungen zu den Posten des Ergänzungskapitals zählen.] 
 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Kein(e) Aufrechnung/Netting, Keine Sicherheiten/Garantien und Keine Verbesserung des 
Ranges. Die Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen keinen Aufrechnungs- oder Netting-
vereinbarungen, die deren Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit bei der Abwicklung beeinträchtigen 
würden. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht besichert oder Gegenstand einer Garantie oder einer 
anderen Regelung, die den Ansprüchen aus den Schuldverschreibungen einen höheren Rang 
verleiht. 
(3) 
Möglichkeit gesetzlicher Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. Vor einer Insolvenz oder Liquidation der 
Emittentin kann die zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde die Kompetenz ausüben die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gemäß den Schuldverschreibungen (bis auf Null) 
herabzuschreiben, sie in Anteile oder andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin umzuwandeln oder 
andere Abwicklungsinstrumente oder -handlungen anzuwenden, einschließlich (aber nicht 
beschränkt auf) eines Aufschubs oder einer Übertragung der Verbindlichkeiten auf ein 
anderes Unternehmen, einer Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen oder einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Wobei: 
"Abwicklungsbehörde" bezeichnet die Abwicklungsbehörde gemäß Artikel 4(1)(130) CRR, 
die für eine Sanierung oder Abwicklung der Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter 
Ebene verantwortlich ist.] 
§ 3 
(Zinsen) 
[Im Fall von Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zu ihrem ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 4 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr 
verzinst. Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der

--- Page 103 ---
95 
Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt (wie in § 5 bestimmt) einfügen: und einer 
Anpassung], gemäß § 5 [(2)][(3)] nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des 
§ 3 (1) zur Zahlung fällig. Die erste Zinszahlung wird, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß 
§ 5 ([2][3]), am [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] erfolgen. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen ersten Kupons, 
einfügen: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, 
einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung] [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen 
letzten Kupons, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgeht, einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf 
[abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung] 
[[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag]. 
 
(2) 
"Zinssatz" meint 
[jährlichen Festzinssatz % einfügen]. 
"Zinszahltag" meint den [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] sowie den 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
(3) 
Die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags (der "Zinsbetrag") erfolgt, indem das Produkt aus 
Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamt-
nennbetrag] multipliziert wird. 
(4) 
"Zinstagequotient" ist bei der Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum (der "Berechnungszeitraum") 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in 
die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen: 
  
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der 
[Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]

--- Page 104 ---
96 
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der 
[Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen 
werden].] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, 
falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden 
Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist 
größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 105 ---
97 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem 
Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von Variabel Verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zu ihrem ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungs-
beginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 4 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. 
Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Geschäftstagekonvention 
[Wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt (wie in § 5 bestimmt): und einer Anpassung] gemäß § 5 [(2)][(3)] 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 5 (1) zur Zahlung fällig.  
"Zinszahltag" ist 
[Bei festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen ohne einen ersten langen/kurzen Kupon 
einfügen:  
 
jeder [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie 
der Fälligkeitstag]]  
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen mit erstem langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen: 
 
Der [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] und danach [jeder][der] [feste(n) 
Zinszahltag(e) 
einfügen] 
[eines 
jeden 
Jahres] 
[sowie 
der 
Fälligkeitstag].] 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen:  
 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Anleihebedingungen anderweitig festgelegt) 
[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen Zinszahltag oder, 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 106 ---
98 
im Fall des ersten Zinszahltags, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt [, sowie der 
Fälligkeitstag].] 
"Zinsperiode" ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahltag (ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden 
Zinszahltag (ausschließlich).  
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz")  
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben] 
der Referenzsatz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im Falle 
einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: "Marge" ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
"Referenzsatz" ist  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen außer Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") variabel 
verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz pro Jahr) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit am 
entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird] [Im Fall von SONIA® 
als Referenzsatz einfügen: der "Sterling Overnight Index Average" 
("SONIA®") für den jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
um 
9.00 
Uhr 
(Londoner 
Zeit) 
am 
relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA®" bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel 
zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIA®i−pLBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑
 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankgeschäfts-
tage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließlich 
des, ersten Londoner Bankgeschäftstages der jewei-
ligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben;

--- Page 107 ---
99 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
folgenden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließ-
lich); 
"SONIA®i-pLBD" 
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag in 
dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® 
Referenzsatz an dem Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der 
"p" Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungs-
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
welcher fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer 
solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "US-Dollar Overnight 
Financing Rate" ("SOFR®") für den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
erscheint, 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR®" bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel 
zu berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] 
[●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet:  
[∏(1 + SOFR®i−USBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag 
vom, 
und 
ein-
schließlich des, ersten US Staatsanleihen Bank-
geschäftstages der jeweiligen Zinsperiode wieder-
geben; 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen];

--- Page 108 ---
100 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
"SOFR®i-pUSBD" 
bezeichnet für jeden US Staatsanleihen Bankge-
schäftstag in dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum 
den SOFR® Referenzsatz an dem US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag, der "p" US Staatsanleihen Bankge-
schäftstage vor dem jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungs-
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu 
dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf US Staats-
anleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf 
US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor einem 
solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem 
die Pfandbriefe fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "Euro short-term rate" 
("€STR®") für den jeweiligen TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag entspricht, die 
ab 9.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, 
wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der 
folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
"Compounded Daily €STR®" bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] 
[●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 + €STR®i−pTBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET2-Bankgeschäfts-
tage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]. 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
folgenden TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag (ausschließ-
lich);

--- Page 109 ---
101 
"€STR®i-pTBD" 
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag in 
dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR® 
Referenzsatz an dem TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag, 
der "p" TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor dem 
jeweiligen TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungs-
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließ-
lich), welcher fünf TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis 
zu 
dem 
Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungs-
tag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der 
fünf TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
 
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf 
die fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten 
Zinszahltag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird 
anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, 
der 
jeweils 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem 
Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird 
anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode, 
der 
jeweils 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz angezeigt werden, so 
wird die Berechnungsstelle jede[r] Referenz-bank bitten, ihren 
Satz, zu dem sie führenden Banken im [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone] 
gegen 11:00 Uhr, [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: 
Brüsseler] 
Zeit, 
am 
entsprechenden

--- Page 110 ---
102 
Zinsfeststellungstag Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen 
Betrags anbieten, zur Verfügung zu stellen. 
Falls mindestens zwei Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle 
solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für 
die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser 
Angebotssätze (falls erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: eintausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,0005] aufgerundet wird). 
Falls an einem Zinsfeststellungstag nur eine oder keine 
Referenzbank der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellt, ist der entsprechende Referenzsatz das 
arithmetische Mittel (wie oben beschrieben gerundet) der Sätze, 
zu denen Großbanken in [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: der Euro-Zone], die durch die Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) ausgewählt wurden, gegen 
11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler Zeit] an diesem Zinsfeststellungstag führenden 
europäischen Banken Darlehen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen 
Betrags anbieten. 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England 
(der "Einlagenzinssatz"), der bei Geschäftsschluss am 
jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der 
Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von SONIA® zum Einlagen-
zinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne 
(oder, wenn es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur 
eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten 
Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste 
Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) 
zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, vorbehaltlich einer 
schriftlichen Anweisung von der Emittentin, dass die Bank of 
England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) 
zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in 
einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen 
Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von SONIA® für die Zwecke der 
Schuldverschreibungen anschließen, so lange wie SONIA® 
nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist. 
Soweit 
Ergänzungen 
oder 
Änderungen dieser Anleihebedingungen oder des Zahlstellen-
vertrages erforderlich sind, damit die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
diese Leitlinien zur Bestimmung des SONIA® befolgen 
kann, ist die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] nicht verpflichtet zu 
handeln, bis diese Ergänzungen oder Änderungen in 
Übereinstimmung mit diesen Anleihebedingungen und dem 
Zahlstellenvertrag vorgenommen worden sind.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt 
werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn 
es keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldver-
schreibungen für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen 
wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum 
von gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum 
Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR® Index Einstellungs-
stichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR® des letzten US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstags, an dem der SOFR® auf der Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag 
vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen 
oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für den SOFR® vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, der vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für 
den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer Federal 
Reserve Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde 
festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn 
kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an 
oder nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt 
wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf 
OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New York Bankgeschäfts-
tage wären, (iii) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index Einstellungs-
ereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index Einstellungsereig-
nisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtage 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
OBFR 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtage wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass 
wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
vorliegt, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder 
nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als 
ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf die 
FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage Verweise auf New York Bankgeschäftstage 
wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite Verweise auf 
die Website der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
"FOMC Target Rate" bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz 
festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der

--- Page 112 ---
104 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das 
Federal Open Market Committee keinen einzelnen Referenz-
zinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes 
festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (berechnet als 
arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
"U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen für festverzinsliche 
Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit 
US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
"OBFR" bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die 
tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem 
Zinsfeststellungstag vorangehenden New Yorker Bankge-
schäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines 
solchen Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an 
einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt wird. 
"OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
das OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an dem die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolge-
administrators der Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr 
genutzt werden kann.  
"OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die 
ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, voraus-
gesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungs-
behörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die 
Anwendung der OBFR, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, 
verbietet. 
"SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag" meint in Bezug auf das 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die

--- Page 113 ---
105 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolge-
administrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht 
oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann. 
"SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur 
Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder 
bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
durch 
eine 
US 
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der 
USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), 
anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.]  
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
[Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die 
Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, vorbehaltlich einer 
schriftlichen Anweisung von der Emittentin, dass die 
Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von 
€STR® oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i ersetzen soll, 
veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise 
praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von €STR®i 
anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist. 
Soweit 
Ergänzungen oder Änderungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
oder des Zahlstellenvertrages erforderlich sind, damit die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] diese Leitlinien zur Bestimmung des 
€STR®i befolgen kann, ist die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] nicht 
verpflichtet zu handeln, bis diese Ergänzungen oder 
Änderungen in Übereinstimmung mit diesen Anleihe-
bedingungen und dem Zahlstellenvertrag vorgenommen 
worden sind.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von [der Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt 
werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es 
keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen 
für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer 
wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
"Zinsfeststellungstag" bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere 
Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der 
€STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET2] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, 
einfügen: Londoner] [Falls der Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US 
Staatsanleihen][anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bank-geschäftstag [vor] 
[Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: 
"TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: "[Londoner] [Falls der 
Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der 
Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der Referenzssatz 
der SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
"Bildschirmseite" ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine 
diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
"Referenzbanken" sind vier Großbanken im [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone], die von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) bestimmt werden. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet 
die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 
des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils 
aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] die Berechnung 
und Veröffentlichung des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] dauerhaft 
oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein 
Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die 
Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein 
"Einstellungsereignis"), soll der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der 
Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden 
("Nachfolge-Referenzsatz"):

--- Page 115 ---
107 
(I) 
Der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator 
des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], die zuständige Zentralbank 
oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz für 
den [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und für die Dauer des [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] bekannt gegeben wird und der in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn 
ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen 
alternativen 
Referenzsatz 
ersetzt 
werden, 
der 
üblicherweise 
(in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
geltendem 
Recht) 
als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer 
Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein 
solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz 
ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem 
Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in 
der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz 
ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen 
Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines 
renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, 
die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten 
Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem 
Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] und der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich 
vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle 
in Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet 
werden soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Bestimmung 
des 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes 
(der 
"maßgebliche 
Zeitpunkt") gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge-Referenzsatz und jede 
Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen 
Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die Emittentin 
informiert anschließend die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber gemäß § 10.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
durch 
einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei 
der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags 
angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit 
dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Schuldverschreibung vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses 
vereinbar 
ist 
und 
das 
sich 
nicht 
zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis 
(IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin 
[einfügen im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen: 
vorbehaltlich Beschränkungen in den geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften] 
[einfügen im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen: mit vor-
heriger Zustimmung der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde oder Abwicklungs-

--- Page 116 ---
108 
behörde, soweit gesetzlich erforderlich] die Schuldverschreibungen ganz 
[oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden ent-
sprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, 
zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. 
Die Emittentin wird den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 10 
eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, 
an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante 
Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich 
des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, 
so dass er die Marge verringert.] [Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 
(Null)][●]. Sofern sich die Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten 
Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle ist in keinem Fall der Beauftragte der Emittentin in 
Bezug auf Bestimmungen in Bezug auf ein Einstellungsereignis. Die 
Berechnungsstelle haftet nicht für Feststellungen, die von oder im Namen 
der Emittentin oder ihrer Beauftragten im Zusammenhang mit einem 
Einstellungsereignis oder einem Ersatz von [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] oder Anpassungen oder Änderungen daran getroffen werden. In 
Verbindung mit dem Vorstehenden ist die Berechnungsstelle berechtigt, 
sich auf die von der Emittentin oder ihrem Beauftragten getroffenen 
Feststellungen endgültig zu verlassen. 
 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap 
Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur 
Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag angezeigt wird, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.  
"Bildschirmseite" ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine 
diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant 
Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt werden, so wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres-
CMS-Sätze ungefähr zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
dieser 
Angebotssätze 
(falls 
erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt,

--- Page 117 ---
109 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste (oder, bei mehreren 
höchsten, eines davon) und das niedrigste (oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, 
eines davon) Angebot gestrichen werden.  
"Referenzsatzzeit " ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
"Referenzbanken" sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, 
die von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden 
(§ 315 BGB). 
"Zinsfeststellungstag" ist der [zweite] [erste][letzte] [andere Anzahl 
einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankgeschäftstag [vor dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftsstag einfügen: "TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht 
mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder für 
eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- 
oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den 
Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet 
wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzsatz anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein 
"Einstellungsereignis"), soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) 
(in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz"):  
(I) 
Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der 
durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank 
oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz für 
den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt gegeben 
wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden 
darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt 
werden kann);  
(II) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder 
(falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz 
(x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, 
oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann)

--- Page 118 ---
110 
(IV) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der 
Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber 
nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, unab-
hängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und 
auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der 
Dauer des Referenzsatzes und der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich 
vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle 
in Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet 
werden soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Bestimmung 
des 
Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatzes 
(der 
"maßgebliche 
Zeitpunkt") gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme 
auf den Nachfolge-Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirm-
seite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten 
entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend die Schuldver-
schreibungsinhaber gemäß § 10.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch 
oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und 
bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel 
ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Schuldverschreibung vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist 
und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben 
beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt 
werden kann, kann die Emittentin [einfügen im Fall von Berücksichtigungs-
fähigen Schuldverschreibungen: vorbehaltlich Beschränkungen in den 
geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften] [einfügen im Fall von Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen: mit vorheriger Zustimmung der zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder 
Abwicklungsbehörde, 
soweit 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich] die Schuldverschreibungen ganz [oder teilweise] zurück-
zahlen. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden entsprechend der Vorschriften 
des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen aufgelauf-
enen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 10 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem 
Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die unmittelbar 
vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie 
vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, 
an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante 
Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich 
des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, 
so dass er die Marge verringert.] [Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 
(Null)][●]. Sofern sich die Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten 
Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.]

--- Page 119 ---
111 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz")  
 für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben] 
der maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor 
einfügen]], [Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
"ISDA-Satz" bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz 
entspricht, der vom Calculation Agent im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion bestimmt 
werden würde, wenn der Calculation Agent für diese Swap-Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle 
handeln würde, und zwar gemäß den Bestimmungen einer Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest 
Rate and Currency Derivative Definitions von 2006 in der zum Ausgabetag geltenden, 
aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. auf deren 
Website unter www.isda.org (oder einer Nachfolgewebsite) veröffentlichten Fassung (die 
"ISDA Definitionen") zum Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem 
Euro-Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz ("Euribor") für eine Währung basiert: der erste 
Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine 
Währung nicht auf dem Euribor beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) "Variabler Zinssatz" (Floating Rate), 
"Berechnungsstelle" (Calculation Agent), "Variable Zinssatz-Option" (Floating Rate 
Option), "Bezeichnete Laufzeit" (Designated Maturity) und "Reset-Datum" (Reset Date) 
dieselbe Bedeutung, die diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) 
bezeichnet "Euro-Zone" die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen 
Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
(3) 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für 
diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
(3) 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen 
ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen].]] 
[(3)][(4)] 
Der Zinsbetrag (der "Zinsbetrag") wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet, indem das 
Produkt 
aus 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinstagequotient 
mit 
[der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung] 
[dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird. 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der 
Hauptzahlstelle und jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen 
sind oder gehandelt werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse verlangen,

--- Page 120 ---
112 
baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage einfügen] 
auf die Berechnung folgenden Bankgeschäftstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der Berechnungsstelle der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahltag 
nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie 
den Schuldverschreibungsinhabern gemäß § 10 mitgeteilt. 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen 
benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle 
maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] abwickeln. 
[(5)][(6)] 
"Zinstagequotient" ist  
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, 
falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden 
Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 121 ---
113 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist 
größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem 
Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden 
Zeitraum [Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
innerhalb des [Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 122 ---
114 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des 
Februars, jedoch nicht der Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Während ihrer Laufzeit erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
(2) 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet für die Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum (der "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird.] 
 
§ 4 
(Rückzahlung) 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden, es sei denn, sie wurden gemäß [Falls der Verzugsfall 
Anwendung findet einfügen: § 6 oder] § 4 vorzeitig zurückgezahlt, am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen [im 
Fall 
von 
nicht-bevorrechtigten 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldver-
schreibungen: Fälligkeitstag, der mindestens ein Jahr nach Begebung liegt, einfügen] [im Fall von 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: Fälligkeitstag, der mindestens fünf Jahre nach 
Begebung liegt, einfügen]] (der "Fälligkeitstag") in Höhe [der Festgelegten Stückelung][des 
Gesamtnennbetrags] (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag") zur Rückzahlung fällig. 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 123 ---
115 
[Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Nicht 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
der 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen aus steuerlichen Gründen: 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Mitteilungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber der 
Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 10 gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsinhabern vorzeitig für 
rückzahlbar erklärt und zu ihrem Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
zuzüglich bis zum für die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen] zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze 
und 
–vorschriften 
der 
Republik 
Österreich 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen, der Rechtsprechung durch den österreichischen Verwaltungsgerichtshof oder des 
österreichischen Verfassungsgerichts, oder Empfehlungen, welche durch das österreichische 
Bundesministerium für Finanzen an österreichische Steuerbehörden in Form von Erlässen ergeht, 
(vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
nicht 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
einfügen: 
am 
nächstfolgenden [Variablen] [Zinsenzahlungstag][Festzinsenzahlungstag] (wie in § 3 definiert)] [im 
Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: bei Fälligkeit oder im Fall des Handels oder 
Tausches einer Schuldverschreibung] zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 8 (Steuern) 
dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen vernünftiger der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
Vor der Veröffentlichung einer Rückzahlung gemäß diesem Absatz (a) hat die Emittentin dem Agent 
eine von zwei Mitgliedern des Vorstandes der Emittentin unterschriebene Bescheinigung, derzufolge 
die Emittentin zu einer solchen Rückzahlung berechtigt ist und die eine Sachverhaltdarstellung 
enthält, die darlegt, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin zu einer 
solchen Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie ein von einem österreichischen Steuerberater oder einem 
österreichischem Rechtsanwalt, welcher von der Emittentin wirtschaftlich unabhängig ist und nicht 
von der Emittentin in der Vergangenheit mandatiert wurde, erstelltes Gutachten, demzufolge die 
Emittentin in Folge einer solchen Änderung oder Ergänzung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge 
verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, zukommen zu lassen. 
(b) 
Eine solche Vorzeitige Rückzahlung darf allerdings nicht: (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde; oder 
(ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.  
(c) 
Die Erklärung einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung hat gemäß § 10 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, 
muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag nennen. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag") [je Schuldver-
schreibung] [der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [ihre Festgelegte Stückelung] [der Gesamtnennbetrag] 
[Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag/Ausgabepreis sein 
darf]. 
 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: Jede vorzeitige Rück-
zahlung gemäß dieses § 4(2) soll nur dann möglich sein, wenn die Voraussetzungen der Rückzahlung 
und des Rückkaufs wie in § 4([3][4][5][6]) festgelegt, eingehalten sind.] 
[Falls 
die 
Nicht 
Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
die 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
 
([2][3]) Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen][eines jeden Jahres beginnend 
am [Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] "Kündigungstermin") die

--- Page 124 ---
116 
Schuldverschreibungen vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird 
mindestens [Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage (wie 
nachstehend in § 5[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem [betreffenden] Kündigungs-
termin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 10 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist unwider-
ruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden zum [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den 
Vorschriften des § 5 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag") [je 
Schuldverschreibung] [der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [ihre Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr 
Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, der/die nicht unterhalb des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen]] 
[Das Einlösungsrecht der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber bleibt bis zum [letzten 
unmittelbar dem] Kündigungstermin [vorangehenden Einlösungstag] unberührt.]] 
 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
 
Jede vorzeitige Rückzahlung gemäß dieses § 4(2) soll nur dann möglich sein, wenn die 
Voraussetzungen der Rückzahlung und des Rückkaufs wie in § 4([3][4][5][6] festgelegt, 
eingehalten sind.] 
[Im Fall von Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die nach Wahl der Emittentin vorzeitig 
rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
 
Die Emittentin wird eine derartige Option hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
ausüben, sofern diese Gegenstand einer nach Wahl der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
vorherigen Ausübung für die Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 4 
([2][3][4]) sind.] 
 
[Falls die Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber (Put-
Option) vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
 
([2][3][4]) 
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Schuldverschreibungsinhabers. 
Die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber können durch Mitteilung in Textform (die "Ein-
lösungserklärung") [am] [Einlösungstag[e] einfügen] ([der] [jeweils ein] "Einlösungs-
tag[e]") die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen verlangen. Die Emittentin wird die 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß den Vorschriften des § 5 in Höhe des Einlösungsbetrags 
einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Einlösungstag anfallen, gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf das Konto der Hauptzahlstelle beim Clearing System an die 
Emittentin 
oder 
zu 
deren 
Gunsten 
zurückzahlen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber ihr mit Frist von [mindestens [30][Anzahl einfügen]] [und] 
[höchstens [60] [Anzahl einfügen]] Bankgeschäftstagen (wie nachstehend in § 5[(2)][(3)] 
definiert) [vor dem Einlösungstag] [Datum einfügen] eine Einlösungserklärung einreicht. 
[Diese Einlösungserklärung muss durch Übersendung eines ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllten 
Formulars, welches bei der Hauptzahlstelle [Kontaktdaten einfügen] zu gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftszeiten erhältlich ist, bei der Hauptzahlstelle eingereicht werden. 
Die Einlösungserklärung muss insbesondere enthalten:

--- Page 125 ---
117 
(a) 
den Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsinhabers, mit für die 
Hauptzahlstelle hinreichend beweiskräftigem Besitznachweis dafür, dass es sich 
um den Inhaber der jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen handelt; 
(b) 
die Wertpapieridentifikationsnummer und die Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen, 
für die das Einlösungsrecht geltend gemacht wird; und 
(c) 
die Kontonummer des Clearing Systems bzw. die Angabe eines Geldkontos bei 
einem Kreditinstitut (wie jeweils anwendbar), auf das der Einlösungsbetrag 
überwiesen werden soll. 
Wenn die festgelegte Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen, für die die Ausübung des 
Einlösungsrechts in der Einlösungserklärung erklärt wurde, von der Anzahl der an die 
Hauptzahlstelle übermittelten Zahl der Schuldverschreibungen abweicht, wird die 
Einlösungserklärung so behandelt, als sei sie für die Anzahl an Schuldverschreibungen 
eingereicht worden, die der kleineren der beiden Zahlen entspricht. Alle restlichen 
Schuldverschreibungen werden dem Schuldverschreibungsinhaber auf dessen Kosten 
und dessen Risiko zurückgeliefert. 
Eine auf diese Weise ausgeübte Option kann weder widerrufen noch zurückgezogen 
werden. 
Der Einlösungsbetrag (der "Einlösungsbetrag") [je Schuldverschreibung] [der 
Schuldverschreibungen] ist [ihre Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie 
folgt: 
Einlösungstag(e) 
Einlösungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Einlösungstag(e) einfügen] 
[Einlösungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, 
der/die nicht unterhalb des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]] 
[Im Falle eines optionalen Rückzahlungsrechts der Emittentin einsetzen: Das Recht auf 
eine optionale Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin bleibt bis zum [letzten unmittelbar 
dem] Einlösungstag [vorangehenden Kündigungstermin] unberührt.]] 
([3][4]) "Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, der Summe entspricht aus 
(a) 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] (der "Referenzpreis"), und 
(b) 
dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite in % einfügen] (die "Emissionsrendite") und dem 
Referenzpreis ab dem [Emissionstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zu dem vorgesehenen 
Tag der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) oder (soweit einschlägig) dem Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig werden, wobei die Emissionsrendite jährlich berechnet 
wird. 
Soweit die Berechnung für einen Zeitraum gemacht wird, der nicht einer vollen Anzahl 
an Jahren entspricht, wird die Berechnung in Bezug auf den Zeitraum, der keinem vollen 
Jahr entspricht, auf der Basis des Zinstagequotienten (wie in § 3 definiert) 
vorgenommen. 
 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
([2][3][4][5]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] und nicht mehr als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] [Kalendertagen] [Geschäftstagen] kündigen und zu ihrem 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls sich die 
aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der Schuldverschreibungen ändert, was wahrscheinlich zur Gänze 
oder teilweise zu ihrem Ausschluss aus den für den Mindestbetrag an Eigenmitteln und

--- Page 126 ---
118 
berücksichtigungsfähigen Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities – MREL) gemäß der SRMR anrechenbaren berücksichtigungsfähigen Verbindlichkeiten 
auf unlimitierter und nach oben uneingeschränkter Basis und/ oder für Zwecke des BaSAG führen 
würde oder geführt hat und die Voraussetzungen für Rückkauf und Rückzahlung wie in § 
([3]([4])([5])([6]) dargelegt erfüllt sind.  
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch die Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen. 
([3][4][5][6]) Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und Rückkauf. Eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach diesem 
§ 4 und ein Rückkauf nach § 11 setzen voraus, dass die dass die Emittentin zuvor die Erlaubnis 
der Abwicklungsbehörde (oder einer anderen relevanten Aufsichtsbehörde) für die Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf in Übereinstimmung mit den Artikeln 77 und 78a CRR erhalten 
hat, sofern und insoweit eine solche vorherige Erlaubnis zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlich ist. 
Ungeachtet der vorstehenden Bedingungen hat die Emittentin, wenn zum Zeitpunkt einer 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder eines Rückkaufs die für die Emittentin geltenden aufsichts-
rechtlichen Vorschriften eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung oder einen Rückkauf erst nach Erfüllung 
einer oder mehrerer alternativer oder zusätzlicher Voraussetzungen zu den vorstehend genannten 
Voraussetzungen zulassen, diese anderen und/oder gegebenenfalls zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen 
zu erfüllen. 
Klarstellend wird festgehalten, dass die Verweigerung der Erlaubnis, soweit erforderlich, durch 
die Abwicklungsbehörde (oder einer anderen relevanten Aufsichtsbehörde), keinen Verzug für 
irgendeinen Zweck darstellt.] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, jederzeit nach Wahl der 
Emittentin vor deren Fälligkeitstag zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] [Kalendertagen] [Geschäfts-
tagen] gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 10 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt (wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und zurückgezahlt werden, falls sich die 
geltende steuerliche Behandlung der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ändert, und falls die 
Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und Rückkauf nach § 4 (5) erfüllt sind. 
(4) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin jederzeit vor ihrem Fälligkeitstag zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] [Geschäftstagen] gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 10 gegenüber 
den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt (wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls sich die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert, was wahrscheinlich zur Gänze oder teilweise zu ihrem Ausschluss aus den Eigenmitteln 
oder ihrer Neueinstufung als Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität führen würde (auf Einzel- 
und/oder auf konsolidierter Basis der Emittentin), und falls die Voraussetzungen für 
Rückzahlung und Rückkauf nach § 4(5) sind erfüllt. 
(5) 
Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und Rückkauf. 
Eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach diesem § 4 und ein Rückkauf nach § 11 setzen voraus, 
dass: 
(a) 
die Emittentin zuvor die Erlaubnis der Zuständigen Behörde (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder zum Rückkauf in Übereinstimmung

--- Page 127 ---
119 
mit den Artikeln 77 und 78 CRR erhalten hat, sofern dies zu diesem Zeitpunkt für 
die Emittentin anwendbar ist; und 
(b) 
im Fall einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder eines Rückkaufs vor fünf Jahren nach 
dem Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen, zusätzlich, sofern dies zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt für die Emittentin anwendbar ist: 
(i) 
im Fall einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen gemäß 
§ 4(3), die Emittentin der Zuständigen Behörde hinreichend nachgewiesen 
hat, dass die geltende Änderung der steuerlichen Behandlung wesentlich 
ist und zum Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen nicht vorherzusehen 
war; oder 
(ii) 
im Fall einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen 
gemäß § 4(4), die Zuständige Behörde diese Änderung für ausreichend 
sicher hält und die Emittentin der Zuständigen Behörde hinreichend 
nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
maßgebliche 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Neueinstufung der Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen nicht vorherzusehen war; oder 
(iii) 
im Fall einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in anderen als den in Punkt 
(i) oder (ii) genannten Umständen, wenn die Emittentin die Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen vor oder gleichzeitig mit dieser Handlung durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente zumindest gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen 
ersetzt, die im Hinblick auf die Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin 
nachhaltig sind, und die Zuständige Behörde diese Handlung auf der 
Grundlage der Feststellung erlaubt hat, dass sie aus aufsichtlicher Sicht 
vorteilhaft und durch außergewöhnliche Umstände gerechtfertigt ist. 
Ungeachtet der vorstehenden Bedingungen hat die Emittentin, wenn zum Zeitpunkt einer vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung oder eines Rückkaufs die für die Emittentin geltenden aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften eine 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung oder einen Rückkauf erst nach Erfüllung einer oder mehrerer alternativer oder 
zusätzlicher Voraussetzungen zu den vorstehend genannten Voraussetzungen zulassen, diese anderen 
und/oder gegebenenfalls zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen zu erfüllen.  
Klarstellend wird festgehalten, dass die Verweigerung der Zuständigen Behörde (oder einer anderen 
relevanten Aufsichtsbehörde) keinen Verzug für irgendeinen Zweck darstellt. 
Wobei: 
"Zuständige Behörde" bezeichnet die zuständige Behörde gemäß Artikel 4 (1) (40) CRR, die für die 
Beaufsichtigung der Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter Basis verantwortlich ist. 
[Falls der Gläubiger kein Wahlrecht hat, die Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen, und im Fall 
von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
([2][3][4][5][6]) Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu 
verlangen.] 
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
 
([4][5][6][7]) 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke dieses § 4 entspricht der 
"Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" einer Schuldverschreibung [dem Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[sonstigen vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen].

--- Page 128 ---
120 
§ 5 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin einschließlich aller 
Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen[.] [oder]] 
[Im Fall eines Einlösungsbetrags einfügen: 
 
([c][d]) 
den Einlösungsbetrag am Einlösungstag einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis 
zum Einlösungstag anfallen, zu zahlen.]  
Die in diesem Absatz (1) genannten Beträge sowie alle weiteren gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 
0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die 
festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Währung 
auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden]  
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen (der 
"Zahltag") auf einen Tag, der kein Bankgeschäftstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankgeschäftstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Im Fall der Floating Rate Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nachfolgenden Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird ein Zinszahltag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahltag der jeweils letzte Bankgeschäftstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] 
Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren Zinszahltag liegt.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 129 ---
121 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen auf Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] 
[verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend 
angepasst.] 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen 
benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle 
maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] abwickeln. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 7 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
zahlt die fälligen Beträge an das Clearing System zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber. Die Zahlung an das Clearing 
System befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird 
der fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen2 verzinst. Diese 
Verzinsung beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der der tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Global-Inhaber-
schuldverschreibung verbrieft werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-
U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearing System.] 
 
§ 6 
(Verzugsfall) 
[Im Falle von Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Falls eines der folgenden Ereignisse (im Folgenden als "Verzugsereignis" (Event of Default) 
bezeichnet) eintritt und fortdauert: 
(1) 
Verzug hinsichtlich der Zahlung eines aus den Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Betrages 
über einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen ab dem Fälligkeitstermin; oder 
(2) 
für Schuldverschreibungen, die keine nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind, unterlässt 
die Emittentin die Erfüllung oder Einhaltung einer Verpflichtung, Bedingung oder 
Bestimmung, die für sie verbindlich ist und die in den Schuldverschreibungen (außer einer 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen) und von ihrer Seite zu erfüllen oder einzuhalten ist, und eine solche 
Unterlassung wird nicht innerhalb von 45 Tagen, nachdem der Agent eine Aufforderung 
                                                     
 
2  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte 
(sofern mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der Deutschen 
Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
zur Beseitigung derselben von einem Schuldverschreibungsinhaber erhalten hat, geheilt; 
oder 
(3) 
die Emittentin wird zur Gemeinschuldnerin im Konkurs oder für zahlungsunfähig erklärt 
oder befunden, oder von einem zuständigen Gericht oder einer Verwaltungsbehörde wird 
eine Verfügung erlassen oder ein wirksamer Beschluss gefasst, wonach (i) die Emittentin 
abgewickelt, liquidiert oder aufgelöst wird oder (ii) gerichtlich über die Emittentin oder 
einen wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens eine Aufsichtsperson bestellt wird, um die 
Geschäftsführung der Emittentin mit verbindlichen Befugnissen zu überwachen, mit 
Wirkung eines Geschäftsaufsichtsverfahrens gemäß des österreichischen Bankwesen-
gesetzes (oder jeder anderen künftig anwendbaren Verordnung), in jedem der Fälle (i) oder 
(ii) aus anderen Gründen als zum Zweck einer Reorganisation, einer Verschmelzung oder 
eines Zusammenschlusses nach vorheriger Genehmigung durch einen außerordentlichen 
Beschluss (Extraordinary Resolution) der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber (wobei eine 
Reorganisation, eine Verschmelzung oder ein Zusammenschluss der Emittentin kein 
Verzugsereignis darstellt und keiner Genehmigung durch einen außerordentlichen 
Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber bedarf, wenn die aus der Reorganisation, der 
Verschmelzung oder dem Zusammenschluss übrigbleibende oder daraus entstehende 
Gesellschaft die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernimmt, und Standard & Poor’s 
und/oder, je nach Sachlage, Moody’s, bestätigt haben, dass nach der Reorganisation, der 
Verschmelzung oder dem Zusammenschluss das Kredit-Rating für langfristige 
Verbindlichkeiten der aus der Reorganisation, der Verschmelzung 
oder dem 
Zusammenschluss übrigbleibenden oder daraus entstehenden Gesellschaft höher als oder 
gleich dem Rating für langfristige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin ist): 
kann jeder Schuldverschreibungensinhaber nach seiner Wahl durch Mitteilung an die Emittentin 
über den Bevollmächtigten seine Schuldverschreibungen für fällig und zahlbar erklären, woraufhin 
der Nennbetrag dieser Schuldverschreibung zusammen mit den bis zum Tag der Zahlung 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen sofort fällig und zahlbar wird, es sei denn, die Mitteilung erfolgt vor dem 
Zeitpunkt der Zustellung der Mitteilung. Ein solcher Verzug ist geheilt, vorbehaltlich der 
obligatorischen Beschleunigung im Falle des Konkurses der Emittentin nach österreichischem 
Konkursrecht. 
 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: 
 
[Dieser Absatz wurde absichtlich leer gelassen.]] 
 
§ 7 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo 
Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [andere 
Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die Hauptzahlstelle (die 
"Hauptzahlstelle"). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die "Zahlstellen") ernennen und 
die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß § 10 
mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
[(2) 
Die [The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Zweigstelle Luxemburg, 
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg]

--- Page 131 ---
123 
[andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die Berechnungsstelle (die 
"Berechnungsstelle").] 
([2][3]) Sofern 
irgendwelche 
Ereignisse 
eintreten 
sollten, 
die die 
Hauptzahlstelle 
[oder die 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle 
[oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, 
eine andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle][, 
bzw. eine andere Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle] zu 
ernennen. Eine Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder 
zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 10 mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsinhabern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die 
Zahlstellen] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des § 181 BGB befreit. 
([4][5]) Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der 
Berechnungsstelle endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
verbindlich. 
 
§ 8 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
(1) Besteuerung. Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge werden von der 
Emittentin ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlichen 
Gebühren jedweder Art ("Steuern") geleistet, die von der Republik Österreich oder einer ihrer 
Gebietskörperschaften oder Behörden mit der Befugnis zur Erhebung von Steuern auferlegt, erhoben, 
eingezogen, einbehalten oder festgesetzt werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, wird die 
Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge [im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: jedoch nur in Bezug auf Zinsen] in der 
Höhe 
leisten, 
die 
notwendig 
ist, 
um 
zu 
gewährleisten, 
dass 
die 
von 
den 
Schuldverschreibungsinhabern unter Berücksichtigung eines solchen Einbehalts oder Abzugs 
erhaltenen Beträge den Beträgen entsprechen, die die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug erhalten hätten (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge"). Die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung solcher Zusätzlichen Beträge [im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: in Bezug auf Zinsen] besteht jedoch 
nicht für solche Steuern, die: 
(a) 
auf andere Weise als durch Abzug oder Einbehalt aus Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen zu 
entrichten sind, oder 
(b) 
wegen gegenwärtiger oder früherer persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen des 
Schuldverschreibungsinhabers zu der Republik Österreich zu und nicht allein auf Grund der 
Tatsache, dass Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus der Republik Österreich 
stammen oder steuerlich so behandelt werden; oder 
(c) 
auf Grund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungs-
gemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 10; oder 
(d) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen bei einem Kreditinstitut verwahrt 
und die Zahlungen von diesem eingezogen worden wären; oder 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber eine Nichtansässigkeits-
bestätigung oder einen ähnlichen Antrag auf Freistellung bei den zuständigen Finanzbehörden 
stellt oder zumutbare Dokumentations-, Informations- oder sonstige Nachweispflichten erfüllt; 
oder

--- Page 132 ---
124 
(f) 
auf der Grundlage des Abschnitts 1471(b) des United States Internal Revenue Code von 1986, 
in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (das "Gesetz"), oder anderweitig gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 
bis 1474 des Gesetzes, aufgrund von darunter fallenden Verordnungen oder Vereinbarungen, 
offiziellen Auslegungen dieses Gesetzes oder eines Vertrages oder eines Gesetzes, wodurch 
eine zwischenstaatliche Abstimmung dazu umgesetzt wird, erhoben werden; oder 
(g) 
bei jeglicher Kombination der Absätze (a)-(f). 
(2) 
Falls in Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der in der Republik Österreich geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften oder auf der Grundlage einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung mit den 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika oder einer Behörde der Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika oder in 
Folge einer Änderung der Anwendung oder amtlichen Auslegung solcher Rechtsvorschriften, die am 
oder nach dem Ausgabetag wirksam wird, oder, wenn es sich um eine Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit mehreren Tranchen handelt, dem Ausgabetag der ersten Tranche, Steuern 
auf die Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen an der Quelle oder durch 
Abzug anfallen oder anfallen werden ("Quellensteuer") und die Quellensteuern, sei es wegen der 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Zins [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und keine Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen 
sind einfügen:- und Kapitalbeträge] gemäß Absatz (1) oder aus sonstigen Gründen, von der 
Emittentin zu tragen sind, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, alle ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen, 
jedoch nicht nur einen Teil von ihnen, unter Einhaltung einer Kündigungsfrist von mindestens 30 
Tagen jederzeit zu [ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung] [ihrem Gesamtnennbetrag] zu tilgen, gemeinsam 
mit den bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen [im Fall von Nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: vorbehaltlich der vorherigen Zustimmung der Zuständigen 
Behörde] [im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: vorbehaltlich der 
vorherigen Zustimmung der Abwicklungsbehörde]. Eine solche Ankündigung der Rückzahlung darf 
jedoch nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem Zeitpunkt erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin erstmals 
Quellensteuer einbehalten oder zahlen müsste, falls eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann geleistet würde.  
(3) 
Die Mitteilung erfolgt gemäß § 10. Sie ist unwiderruflich und muss den relevanten Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungstag sowie in zusammenfassender Form die Tatsachen angeben, die die Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung begründen. 
 
§ 9 
(Ersetzung der Emittentin) 
[Im Fall von Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Sofern 
hinsichtlich 
keiner 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
irgendeine 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen Verzug vorliegt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, jedes verbundene Unternehmen 
(gemäß nachstehender Definition) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen und das Agency Agreement einzusetzen (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin" 
(Substituted Debtor)), vorausgesetzt: 
(a) 
Standard & Poor’s und/oder, je nach Sachlage, Moody’s haben bestätigt, dass nach der 
beabsichtigten Ersetzung die langfristigen Verbindlichkeiten der Nachfolgeschuldnerin ein 
Rating haben, das höher als oder gleich dem Rating für langfristige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt einer solchen Ersetzung ist; 
(b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit von Unterabsatz (a) oben, wenn die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin in einem anderem Gebiet (der "neue Sitz" (New Residence)) als der Republik 
Österreich errichtet ist, ihren Sitz hat oder steuerlich ansässig ist; 
(c) 
 (i) dass die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin alle für eine solche Ersetzung 
erforderlichen staatlichen und regulatorischen Genehmigungen und Einverständniserklärungen 
erhalten haben, und alle diese Genehmigungen und Einverständniserklärungen in vollem 
Umfang gültig und wirksam sind; und (ii) dass die von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen und das Agency

--- Page 133 ---
125 
Agreement jeweils gemäß deren Bestimmungen gültig und rechtsverbindlich und von jedem 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber durchsetzbar sind; 
(d) 
jede Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, hat bestätigt, dass nach der 
beabsichtigten Ersetzung durch die Nachfolgeschuldnerin diese Schuldverschreibungen 
weiterhin an der betreffenden Börse notiert sein werden; 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin hat, wenn die Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht eine in der Republik 
Österreich errichtete Gesellschaft ist, einen Zustellungsbevollmächtigten bestellt, der als ihr 
Beauftragter in Österreich in ihrem Auftrag Zustellungen in Bezug auf jegliche Klagen oder 
Prozesse aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen und dem Agency 
Agreement entgegennimmt; und 
(f) 
dem Agent (bei dem Kopien erhältlich sein werden) wurden Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten 
Rechtsberatern, die von der Emittentin in jeder Rechtsordnung, in der die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin und die Emittentin errichtet sind, und in Österreich ausgewählt wurden, übergeben 
(wobei diese in jedem Fall nicht mehr als drei Tage vor dem beabsichtigten Datum der 
Ersetzung datiert sein dürfen), die, wie jeweils anwendbar, bestätigen, dass bei Eintritt der 
Ersetzung (A) die Dokumente rechtmäßige, gültige und rechtsverbindliche Verbindlichkeiten 
der Nachfolgeschuldnerin begründen und die Schuldverschreibungen und das Agency 
Agreement rechtmäßige, gültige und rechtsverbindliche Verbindlichkeiten der Nachfolge-
schuldnerin darstellen, die gemäß ihren Bestimmungen durchsetzbar sind, und (B) die 
Voraussetzungen dieser Bedingung, ausgenommen hinsichtlich der Benachrichtigung der 
Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen, erfüllt worden sind. 
(2) 
Bei Eintritt der Ersetzung gilt die Nachfolgeschuldnerin als in den Schuldverschreibungen und dem 
Agency Agreement an Stelle der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin genannt, und die 
Schuldverschreibungen gelten als dementsprechend ergänzt, um der Ersetzung durch die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin als Hauptschuldnerin Wirksamkeit zu verleihen, und die Emittentin oder die 
vorherige Ersatzschuldnerin von allen ihren Verpflichtungen als Hauptschuldnerin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen und das Agency Agreement zu befreien. 
(3) 
Spätestens 20 Tage nach Ausfertigung der Dokumente hat die Nachfolgeschuldnerin dies den 
Inhabern von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Bedingung 11 dieser Emissionsbedingungen für die 
Schuldverschreibungen mitzuteilen. 
(4) 
Die Nachfolgeschuldnerin kann zu jedem Zeitpunkt nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dem diesem § 9 
(a) ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber eine weitere Ersetzung durchführen, mit der 
Maßgabe, dass alle Bestimmungen dieses § 9 entsprechend anzuwenden sind und, insbesondere 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen auf die Emittentin, wo 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
erfordert, 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
jegliche 
weitere 
solche 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten beziehungsweise diese einschließen. 
(5) 
Für die Zwecke der gegenständlichen Unterlage bezeichnet "verbundenes Unternehmen" die 
UniCredit S.p.A. oder eine Gesellschaft, über die die Emittentin oder die UniCredit S.p.A. Kontrolle 
ausübt, wobei "Kontrolle" für diese Zwecke entweder (i) wirtschaftliches Eigentum, sei es direkt 
oder indirekt, an der Mehrheit des ausgegebenen Aktienkapitals einer solchen Gesellschaft oder 
(ii) das Recht, die Geschäftsleitung und Geschäftspolitik eines solchen Unternehmens, sei es durch 
Eigentum an Aktienkapital, durch Vertrag oder auf sonstige Weise, zu steuern, bezeichnet. 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: 
 
[Dieser Absatz wurde absichtlich leer gelassen.]]

--- Page 134 ---
126 
§ 10 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Webseite der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind, soweit gesetzlich erforderlich, 
in einem Börsenpflichtblatt in [Luxemburg (Luxemburger Wort)][Wien (Amtsblatt zur Wiener 
Zeitung)] zu veröffentlichen mit der Ausnahme, dass, wenn und soweit die Regeln der Wiener 
Börse dies zulassen, Mitteilungen hinsichtlich solcher Schuldverschreibungen seitens der 
Emittentin durch Zustellung der betreffenden Mitteilung (gegebenenfalls) an OeKB erfolgen 
dürfen.][andere Börse und Börsenpflichtblatt einfügen]. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des 
Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, 
werden die Mitteilungen in einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt in [Luxemburg][Wien][andere 
Börse einfügen] gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie 
mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Webseite der maßgeblichen Börse bewirkt 
werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen [zusätzlich] durch 
elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Webseite der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[URL 
einfügen]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn 
sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als 
bewirkt.] 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungs-
inhaber. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Frankfurter] [anderes Finanz-
zentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsinhaber bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die 
Emittentin die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung 
gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Frankfurter] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag 
nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: "TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Frankfurter] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem Geschäftsbanken in [Frankfurt] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.].]

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
§ 11 
(Rückkauf) 
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: Sofern die Bedingungen wie in § 4 ([3][4][5][6]) festgelegt, eingehalten wurden, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt] [Im Fall von Nicht Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt], jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem beliebigen 
Preis zu kaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach Ermessen der 
Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden.] 
 
§ 12 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird hinsichtlich 
Kapital auf zehn Jahre verkürzt und hinsichtlich Zinsen auf drei Jahre begrenzt. 
 
§ 13 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Anleihebedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder undurchführbar 
sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge Unwirksamkeit 
oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Anleihebedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch eine dem Sinn und Zweck 
dieser Anleihebedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 14 
(Rechtswahl, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland (Hauptstatut). 
Die Regelungen in § 2 bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach österreichischem Recht und sollen 
ausschließlich nach österreichischem Recht ausgelegt werden. 
(2) 
Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
(4) 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(4) 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen geändert werden können, einfügen:

--- Page 136 ---
128 
§ 15 
(Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen) 
(1) 
Die 
§§ 5 
ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - "SchVG") finden auf die Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung. 
Folglich können durch die Emittentin mit Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger aufgrund eines 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses Änderungen dieser Anleihebedingungen vorgenommen werden [Im Fall von 
Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: vorbehaltlich der vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde 
(oder 
einer 
anderen 
relevanten 
Aufsichtsbehörde)][Im 
Fall 
von 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der 
Abwicklungsbehörde (oder einer anderen relevanten Aufsichtsbehörde)].  
(2) 
Die Anleihegläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss insbesondere folgenden Maßnahmen 
zustimmen: 
(i) 
der Veränderung der Fälligkeit, der Verringerung oder dem Ausschluss der  Zinsen, 
(ii) 
der Veränderung der Fälligkeit der Hauptforderung, 
(iii) 
der Verringerung der Hauptforderung, 
(iv) 
dem Nachrang der Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen im Insolvenzverfahren der 
Emittentin, 
(v) 
der Umwandlung oder dem Umtausch der Schuldverschreibungen in Gesellschaftsanteile, 
andere Wertpapiere oder andere Leistungsversprechen, 
(vi) 
dem Austausch und der Freigabe von Sicherheiten, 
(vii) der Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen, 
(viii) dem Verzicht auf das Kündigungsrecht der Anleihegläubiger oder dessen Beschränkung, 
(ix) 
der Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen und 
(x) 
der Bestellung oder Abberufung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Anleihegläubiger. 
Eine Verpflichtung zur Leistung kann für die Anleihegläubiger durch Mehrheitsbeschluss nicht 
begründet werden. 
(3) 
Die Anleihegläubiger beschließen im Wege der Abstimmung [in einer Versammlung][ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Gläubigerversammlung wird von der Emittentin oder von dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter (wie in 
nachstehendem Absatz (8) definiert) der Anleihegläubiger einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. (1) Satz 1 
i.V.m. § 18 SchVG ist sie einzuberufen, wenn Anleihegläubiger, deren Schuldverschreibungen 5 % 
des Nennwertes der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen erreichen, dies schriftlich unter Angabe 
eines der in § 9 Abs. (1) Satz 1 SchVG aufgeführten Gründe verlangen. 
(4) 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit 
entscheiden die Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte.  
Die Fälle des § 15 Absatz (2) (i) bis (x) bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(5) 
An Abstimmungen der Anleihegläubiger nimmt jeder Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an 
den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die Anteile der Emittentin oder einem mit 
ihr verbundenen Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz (2) Handelsgesetzbuch) zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten werden. Die Emittentin darf 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Stimmrechte ruhen, einem anderen nicht zu dem Zweck überlassen, 
die Stimmrechte an ihrer Stelle auszuüben; dies gilt auch für ein mit der Emittentin verbundenes 
Unternehmen. Niemand darf das Stimmrecht zu dem in Satz 3 erster Halbsatz bezeichneten Zweck 
ausüben.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
(6) 
Verbindlichkeit. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger sind für alle Anleihegläubiger 
gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Anleihegläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Anleihegläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten 
Anleihegläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(7) 
Die Anleihegläubiger haben die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der 
Stimmabgabe durch besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert) und die die 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank 
zugunsten 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
für 
den 
Abstimmungszeitraum nachzuweisen. 
Die Bescheinigung der Depotbank muss  
(i) 
den vollen Namen und die volle Anschrift des Anleihegläubigers bezeichnen, 
(ii) 
den gesamten Nennbetrag von Schuldverschreibungen angeben, die am Ausstellungstag dieser 
Bescheinigung 
dem 
bei 
dieser 
Depotbank 
bestehenden 
Wertpapierdepot 
dieses 
Anleihegläubigers gutgeschrieben sind und 
(iii) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotbank an das Clearing System und die Hauptzahlstelle eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung gemacht hat, die die Angaben gemäß (i) und (ii) enthält und die 
Bestätigungsvermerke des Clearing Systems trägt. 
"Depotbank" bezeichnet jede Bank oder jedes sonstige anerkannte Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, 
das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der bzw. bei dem der Anleihegläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
(8) 
Die Anleihegläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Anleihegläubiger bestellen. Zum 
gemeinsamen Vertreter kann jede geschäftsfähige Person oder eine sachkundige juristische Person 
bestellt werden. Eine Person, welche  
(i) 
Mitglied des Vorstands, des Aufsichtsrats, des Verwaltungsrats oder eines ähnlichen Organs, 
Angestellter oder sonstiger Mitarbeiter der Emittentin oder eines mit dieser verbundenen 
Unternehmens ist; 
(ii) 
am Stamm- oder Grundkapital der Emittentin oder eines mit dieser verbundenen Unternehmens 
mit mindestens 20% beteiligt ist; 
(iii) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder eines mit dieser verbundenen Unternehmens mit einer 
Forderung in Höhe von mindestens 20% der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen oder 
Organmitglied, Angestellter oder sonstiger Mitarbeiter dieses Finanzgläubigers ist; oder 
(iv) 
auf Grund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu den in den Nummern (i) bis (iii) 
aufgeführten Personen unter deren bestimmenden Einfluss steht, 
muss den Anleihegläubigern vor ihrer Bestellung zum gemeinsamen Vertreter die maßgeblichen 
Umstände offen legen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Anleihegläubiger unverzüglich in 
geeigneter Form darüber zu unterrichten, wenn in seiner Person solche Umstände nach der Bestellung 
eintreten. 
(9) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat 
der Gemeinsame Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. 
(10) Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Anleihegläubigern als Gesamtgläubiger für die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben; bei seiner Tätigkeit hat er die Sorgfalt eines 
ordentlichen und gewissenhaften Geschäftsleiters anzuwenden. [Falls die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters durch Beschluss der Anleihegläubiger beschränkt werden kann, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters kann durch Beschluss der Anleihegläubiger beschränkt werden.][Falls die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen bestimmten Betrag beschränkt werden kann, 
einfügen: Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters wird auf [das [Zahl einfügen] -fache seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung][Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Über 
die 
Geltendmachung 
von

--- Page 138 ---
130 
Ersatzansprüchen der Anleihegläubiger gegen den gemeinsamen Vertreter entscheiden die 
Anleihegläubiger. 
(11) Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Anleihegläubigern jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen 
abberufen werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von der Emittentin verlangen, alle Auskünfte zu 
erteilen, die zur Erfüllung der ihm übertragenen Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die durch die Bestellung 
eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters entstehenden Kosten und Aufwendungen, einschließlich einer 
angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters, trägt die Emittentin. 
(12) Ersetzung. Die Vorschriften dieses § 15 finden auf eine Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß § 9 keine 
Anwendung. 
(13) Ausschluss der Anwendbarkeit des öster-reichischen Kuratorengesetzes. Die Anwendbarkeit der 
Bestimmungen des österreichischen Kuratoren-gesetzes und des österreichischen Kuratoren-
ergänzungsgesetzes wird ausdrücklich hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen ausgeschlossen.]

--- Page 139 ---
131 
PART A 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
(MUSTER-ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
(OTHER THAN PFANDBRIEFE AND COVERED BANK BONDS) 
(MIT AUSNAHME VON PFANDBRIEFEN UND FUNDIERTEN 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
Terms used in the final terms below (the "Final Terms") shall be deemed to be defined as such for the 
purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus (and the Supplements 
thereto, if any) (the "Terms and Conditions").  
Die in den nachfolgenden endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") verwendeten Begriffe 
haben die gleiche Bedeutung wie in den Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen im Basisprospekt 
(sowie in den dazugehörigen Nachträgen, soweit vorhanden) (die "Anleihebedingungen"). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, the "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]3 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM EWR– Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (der "EWR") angeboten, verkauft oder 
auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend 
Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien 
zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU 
(in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "MiFID II"); (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in 
ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "EU-Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), der nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II oder (iii) nicht als qualifizierter Anleger, wie in 
der Prospektverordnung definiert, einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "PRIIPS Verordnung") für 
Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im 
EWR erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR nach der PRIIPS-Verordnung 
unzulässig sein.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
                                                     
 
3 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area” as “Not Applicable”. 
4 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum“ für „Nicht anwendbar“ erklären.

--- Page 140 ---
132 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich 
("UK") angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im UK nicht angeboten, verkauft oder 
auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine 
Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne 
von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) oder ein Kunde im Sinne des 
Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Acts 2000 in der jeweils gültigen Fassung ("FSMA") 
und im Sinne der Regeln und Regularien, die nach dem FSMA zur Umsetzung von Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU erlassen worden sind, der nicht als professioneller Anleger wie in Artikel 2 Absatz 1 
Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der nicht als qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK 
Prospektverordnung") einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK 
PRIIPS Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das 
Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an 
Privatinvestoren im UK nach der UK PRIIPS Verordnung unzulässig sein.]6  
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].[Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.]  
 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt 
für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden [und Kleinanleger], 
jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; [und] (ii) 
alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen 
Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
                                                     
 
5 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors". 
6  
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 141 ---
133 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im 
Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, 
Kundenkategorien etc. einfügen.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES [ONLY TARGET MARKET]] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.][Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.]7 
 
[UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt 
für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die 
aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und 
Kleinanleger, wie in Artikel 2 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist], umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede 
Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien 
etc einfügen.]8 
The Final Terms are divided into a "Part I" and a "Part II". 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen sind gegliedert in einen "Teil I" sowie in einen "Teil II". 
In Part I of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions will be completed and specified by the information 
contained in Part I as follows: 
In Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Anleihebedingungen durch die in Teil I enthaltenen 
Angaben vervollständigt und spezifiziert. Dabei gilt: 
(a) 
In the case of "Type A" Final Terms, the following applies:  
 
The completed and specified provisions of the Terms and Conditions represent the conditions 
applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the "Conditions"). 
                                                     
 
7  
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to 
UK MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
8  
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt.

--- Page 142 ---
134 
Im Fall von "Typ A" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt:  
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen stellen für die 
betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen dar (die 
"Bedingungen"). 
(b) 
In the case of "Type B" Final Terms, the following applies:  
The Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to be read together with, Part I of these 
Final Terms represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Im Fall von "Typ B" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt: 
Die Anleihebedingungen, vervollständigt und spezifiziert durch und in Verbindung mit Teil I dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen stellen für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen 
der Schuldverschreibungen dar (die "Bedingungen"). 
Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
(Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes) set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit den im Basisprospekt enthaltenen 
Anleihebedingungen, die auf Schuldverschreibungen (Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, variabel 
Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen) Anwendung finden, zu lesen. 
Großgeschriebene Begriffe haben die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendete Bedeutung. 
All references in Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall 
be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information was 
inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions which are not 
selected and not completed by the information contained in the Final Terms shall be deemed to be 
deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. 
Die Platzhalter in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihe-
bedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als 
ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche 
Optionen der Anleihebedingungen, die nicht durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgewählt und ausgefüllt wurden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bedingungen gestrichen. 
Part II of the Final Terms contains all other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and 
Conditions and which apply to all Notes. 
In Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind alle sonstigen Bedingungen enthalten, die nicht in den 
Anleihebedingungen einzusetzen sind und die für alle Schuldverschreibungen gelten.

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
dated [] 
vom [●] 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Legal Entity Identifier: D1HEB8VEU6D9M8ZUXG17 
Issue of [Title of the Notes] 
(the "Notes")  
Emission von [Bezeichnung der Wertpapiere]  
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
Issue Price: [] per cent. [insert information with regard to accrued interest in case of an increase of Notes]  
Ausgabepreis: []% [Informationen zu aufgelaufenen Zinsen einfügen bei einer Aufstockung einer Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series number [] 
Seriennummer [] 
Tranche number [] 
Tranchennummer [] 
Trade Date: [●] 
Handelstag: [●] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Notes] issued on [●])] 
[(die mit [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] begeben am [●] konsolidiert 
werden, eine einheitliche Serie bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen)] 
under the 
€ 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
 
Im Rahmen des 
€ 40.000.000.000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programms 
der UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). In order to obtain all relevant information, the 
Final Terms are to be read together with the information contained in [(a)] the prospectus dated 
31 March 2021 (the "Base Prospectus" which can be found on the following website: www.bankaustria.at) 
[and (b) the supplement(s) dated [●] to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Supplements" which can be found on the following website: www.bankaustria.at))]. These 
Final 
Terms 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
[Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.wienerborse.at)][Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)][insert other stock exchange] and / or 
on the website of the Issuer (www.bankaustria.at). 
Dieses Dokument stellt die Endgültigen Bedingungen der hierin beschriebenen Wertpapiere gemäß Artikel 8 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (die "Prospekt-Verordnung") dar. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen müssen, 
um alle relevanten Informationen zu erhalten, zusammen mit den Informationen gelesen werden, die enthalten

--- Page 144 ---
136 
sind [(a)] im Basisprospekt vom 31. März 2021 (der "Basisprospekt", der auf der folgenden Webseite 
erhältlich ist: (www.bankaustria.at)) [und (b) in dem (den) Nachtrag (Nachträgen) vom [●] zu diesem 
Basisprospekt gemäß Artikel 23 der Prospekt-Verordnung (die "Nachträge", die auf der folgenden Webseite 
erhältlich sind: (www.bankaustria.at)]. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen werden auf der Webseite der [Wiener 
Börse (www.wienerborse.at)][Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu)][andere Börse einfügen] und/ oder auf 
der Webseite der Emittentin (www.bankaustria.at) veröffentlicht. 
[An issue-specific summary of the overall parameters of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these 
Final Terms.]1 
[Eine transaktionsspezifische Zusammenfassung der allgemeinen Parameter der Einzelemissionen von 
Wertpapieren ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]2 
Part I 
Teil I 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus including certain further options contained therein, 
respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders ("Type A" Final Terms), the following 
paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
[[Falls die für die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden Bestimmungen des Basisprospekts einschließlich bestimmter weiterer darin enthaltener 
Optionen und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Platzhalter (("Typ A" Endgültige Bedingungen) 
bestimmt werden sollen, gelten die folgenden Absätze.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the English language version. [A non-
binding German language translation thereof will be provided together with the English language version.]] 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind wie nachfolgend in der englischsprachigen 
Version aufgeführt. [Eine unverbindliche deutschsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der 
englischsprachigen Version geliefert.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are set out in the German language version. [A non-binding 
English language translation thereof will be provided together with the German language version.]]: 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind in der deutschsprachigen Version aufgeführt. 
[Eine unverbindliche englischsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der deutschsprachigen Version 
geliefert.]] 
 
 
§ 1 
Series, Form of Notes, Issuance of Additional Notes  
Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
Series:  
[Up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount of 
Series] 
Serie: 
[Bis zu] [Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie einfügen] 
Tranche:  
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche]  
Tranche: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche einfügen] 
Issue Date:  
[insert Issue Date]  
Ausgabetag 
[Emissionstag einfügen] 
Specified Currency:  
[Euro ("EUR")] [insert Specified Currency]  
Festgelegte Währung 
[Euro ("EUR")] [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] 
                                                     
 
1  
Insert in the case of Notes with a denomination per unit of less than € 100,000. 
2  
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung von weniger als € 100.000 einfügen.

--- Page 145 ---
137 
Aggregate Principal Amount:  
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Specified Denomination:  
[insert Specified Denomination]  
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
Form of Notes: 
Form der Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note (TEFRA D)  
 
Vorläufige Global-Inhaberschuldver-
schreibung, austauschbar gegen eine 
Dauer-Global-Inhaberschuld-
verschreibung (TEFRA D) 
 
 
Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C) 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA C) 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
 
 
Global Note governed by Austrian 
Depotgesetz is kept in custody by 
OeKB 
 
Verwahrung einer Globalurkunde 
nach österreichischem Depotgesetz 
bei der OeKB 
 
Clearing System: 
 
Clearing System: 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 
65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 65760 Eschborn 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Luxembourg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
1855 Luxembourg 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Luxemburg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
1855 Luxemburg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
1210 Brussels 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
1210 Brüssel

--- Page 146 ---
138 
 
OeKB CSD GmbH 
 
Strauchgasse 3 
 
1010 Vienna 
 
OeKB CSD GmbH 
 
Strauchgasse 3 
 
1010 Vienna 
 
 
Other: 
[insert different Clearing System 
Andere: 
[anderes Clearing System einfügen] 
§ 2 
Status 
 Senior Notes  
Nicht nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen  
 
 ordinary senior Eligible Notes  
gewöhnliche nicht nachrangige Berück-
sichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 senior non-preferred Eligible Notes  
Nicht bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige Be-
rücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldverschreib-
ungen 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
[Interest Rate: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum. 
[Zinssatz: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert First Interest Payment Date] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[Ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a first 
[short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
 
[Anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar]

--- Page 147 ---
139 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in 
the case of a first [short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf den Gesamtnennbetrag pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
 
 
[Anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a last 
[short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
Festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Final Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in 
the case of a last [short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
 
Variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and 
thereafter [the]]3 [each] [insert specified Interest 
Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity 
Date] 
Festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e): 
[Der [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] und danach 
[der]]4 [jeder] [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] 
[eines jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag] 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]]5 
[erster Zinszahltag: 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen]6 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes where 
interest is linked to the [Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)®] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®][€STR®] 
 
                                                     
 
3  
Insert in the case of a first short/long coupon. 
4  
Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupon einfügen. 
5  
Insert in the case of Notes with a denomination per unit of less than € 100,000. 
6  
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung von weniger als € 100.000 einfügen.

--- Page 148 ---
140 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuld-
verschreibungen, bei denen die 
Verzinsung von der [Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)®] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] abhängt 
 
 
Euribor (Brussels time / 
TARGET2 
Banking 
Day / Interbank market 
in the Euro-Zone) 
 
 
 
[insert term(s)][●] 
Euribor (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäfts-tag 
/ 
Interbanken-Markt 
in 
der Euro-Zone): 
 
 
 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
 Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
 Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
 Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
  
plus 
 
  
Plus 
 
  
minus 
 
  
Minus 
 
 Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [other number of days] [TARGET2] 
[other financial centre (specify)] Banking Day 
[prior to the] [commencement] [expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
 Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster][letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen 
einfügen] 
[TARGET2] 
[anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankgeschäftstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
 Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
 Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
 Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
  
plus 
 
  
Plus 
 
  
minus 
 
  
Minus 
 
 Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [other number of days] [London] [other 
financial centre (specify)] Banking Day [prior to 
the] [commencement] [expiry] of the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 149 ---
141 
 Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster][letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum 
(angeben)] 
Bankgeschäftstag 
[vor 
dem] 
[Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
Specified 
Currency 
Financial Centre: 
 
[insert relevant financial centre] 
Finanzzentrum 
der 
Festgelegten Währung: 
 
[Finanzzentrum 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
einfügen] 
 
SONIA (London time / 
London Banking Day) 
 
SONIA® (Londoner Zeit 
/ 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number 
of 
London 
Banking Days "p" 
 
Anzahl der Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage "p" 
 
 
SOFR (New York time / 
US Government Securi-
ties Banking Day) 
 
SOFR® 
(New 
Yorker 
Zeit / US Staatsanleihen 
Bank-geschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number of US Govern-
ment Securities Banking 
Days "p" 
 
Anzahl der US Staats-
anleihen Bankgeschäfts-
tage "p" 
 
 
€STR (Brussels time / 
TARGET2 
Banking 
Day) 
 
€STR® (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 
Bankge-
schäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number of TARGET2 
Banking Days "p" 
[●] 
Anzahl der TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstage "p" 
[●]

--- Page 150 ---
142 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
follow-ing a Discontinuation 
Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest 
Period] [offered quotation or arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Nach Einstellungsereignis an-
wendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last [short][long] 
coupon] 
 
[Linear 
interpolation 
between 
the 
[insert 
number] month [Euribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time.] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten [kurzen][langen] Kupon] 
 
[Interpolation zwischen [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Euribor-] Angebotssatz, der jeweils auf 
der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des 
Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit 
angezeigt wird.] 
 
Floating Rate Notes where interest is 
linked to a Constant Maturity Swap 
Rate: 
 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschrei-bungen, bei denen 
die Verzinsung von einem Constant 
Maturity Swapsatz abhängig ist: 
 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor 
screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen 
page] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Number 
of 
quotations 
from 
Reference Banks: 
[insert number of quotations] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Interest Rate applicable following a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to the preceding Interest 
Period] [offered quotation or arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotation] [insert Interest Rate] 
Nach Einstellungsereignis anwend-
barer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen]

--- Page 151 ---
143 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
 
 
 
Minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [other number of days] [TARGET2] 
[other financial centre (specify)] Banking Day 
[prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period.  
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster][letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen 
einfügen] 
[TARGET2] 
[anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankgeschäftstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge 
einfügen] 
% 
pro 
Jahr] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Minus 
 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr]]

--- Page 152 ---
144 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
Zinstagequotient: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)7 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)8 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (fest) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 
 
30/360 
 
 
30/360 (ISDA) or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis9 
 
30/360 (ISDA) or 360/360 oder Bond 
Basis10 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis11 
 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis12 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)13 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)14 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
 
§ 4 
Redemption 
Rückzahlung 
[Maturity Date: 
[insert maturity date] 
[the Interest Payment Date (as defined above) 
falling in [insert month] of [insert year]] 
[Fälligkeitstag: 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen] 
[Zinszahltag (wie oben definiert), der in den 
[Monat einfügen] des Jahres [Jahr einfügen] fällt] 
[Redemption Amount: 
 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
                                                     
 
7  
If interest is not payable on a regular basis, (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a suitable 
fixed rate Day Count Fraction. 
8  
Wenn Zinsen nicht in regelmäßigen Abständen zu zahlen sind (beispielsweise, wenn Teilbeträge angegeben sind) ist Actual/Actual (ICMA) keine 
geeignete feste Zinstageberechnungsmethode. 
9  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Notes. 
10  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen. 
11  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Notes. 
12  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen. 
13  
Only applicable in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes and if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable. 
14  
Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen nicht um Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 
Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen.

--- Page 153 ---
145 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
[Early Redemption for Tax Reasons: 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen: 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert Optional Redemption Amount which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price] 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt]] 
[Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
(Call Option): 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Call Date(s): 
[insert Call Date(s)][of each year, commencing on 
[insert date] 
Kündigungstermin(e): 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
einfügen][eines 
jeden 
Jahres beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] 
Notice period: 
[insert 
number 
(at 
least 
5 
Banking 
Days)][Banking Days][months] 
Kündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 5 Bankgeschäftstage)] 
[Bankgeschäftstage] [Monate] 
Right to redeem the Notes in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Recht die Schuldverschreibungen teilweise 
zurückzuzahlen: 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge): 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price] 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, der/die nicht unterhalb des Nenn-
werts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen]]

--- Page 154 ---
146 
[Optional Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders (Put Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Optionale 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber (Put Option): 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Put Date(s) 
[insert Put Date(s)] 
Einlösungstag(e): 
[Einlösungstag(e) einfügen] 
Notice period: 
[at least [30][insert number]] [and] [not more than 
[60][insert number]] Banking Days [before the 
Put Date [insert date] 
Kündigungsfrist: 
[mindestens 
[30] 
[Anzahl 
einfügen]] 
[und] 
[höchstens [60] [Anzahl einfügen]] Bankge-
schäftstage [vor dem Einlösungstag] [Datum 
einfügen] 
Contact details of the Principal Paying 
Agent: 
[insert contact details] 
Kontaktdaten der Hauptzahlstelle: 
[Kontaktdaten einfügen] 
Right to redeem the Notes in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Recht die Schuldverschreibungen teilweise 
zurückzuzahlen: 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Put Amount(s): 
 
Einlösungsbetrag(-beträge): 
 
 Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 Other amount  
[insert Put Amount(s) which may not be lower 
than the principal amount/issue price] 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Einlösungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, 
der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]] 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Reference Price 
[insert Reference Price] 
Referenzpreis 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] 
Amortisation Yield 
[insert Amortisation Yield in per cent.] 
Emissionsrendite 
[Emissionsrendite in % einfügen] 
[Redemption due to a regulatory event: 
[Yes] [No] 
Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Regulatorischen 
Ereignisses 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
  
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert] 
  
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[einfügen] 
  
Maximum Notice Period 
[insert] 
  
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[einfügen]]

--- Page 155 ---
147 
[Early Redemption Amount 
[Final Redemption Amount] [insert other Early 
Redemption Amount] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[sonstigen 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen]] 
§ 5 
Payments 
Zahlungen 
Rounding of payable amounts: 
[upwards][always downwards] 
Rundung von zahlbaren Beträgen: 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] 
[Currency for settlement: 
[insert currency] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] 
[insert other currency] is effected [at the 
Settlement Rate] [●]. 
 
[At least [EUR] [Insert other currency] [0.001] 
[Insert other unit] [per Specified Denomination] 
[for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be 
paid.]] 
[Währung für Zahlungsabwicklungen: 
[Währung einfügen] 
[Die Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in 
[Euro] [andere Währung einfügen] erfolgt [zum 
Wechselkurs] []. 
[Es werden jedoch mindestens [Euro] [Andere 
Währung einfügen] [0,001] [Andere Einheit 
einfügen] [je Festgelegte Stückelung] [auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
Settlement Rate: 
[insert] [Calculated on the basis of [first exchange 
rate] (expressed a a number of [insert currency] 
per [one][●] [insert currency]) multiplied by 
[second exchange rate] (expressed a a number of 
[insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency])] 
Wechselkurs: 
[einfügen] 
[berechnet 
gemäß 
[erster 
Kurs] 
(ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] pro 
[einem][●] [Währung]) multipliziert mit [zweiter 
Kurs] (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung] 
pro [einem][●] [Währung])] 
First Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Erster Kurs: 
[einfügen], Bildschirmseite: [einfügen], 
Fixing Sponsor [einfügen] 
Second Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Zweiter Kurs: 
[einfügen], Bildschirmseite: [einfügen], 
Fixing Sponsor [einfügen] 
Rate Calculation Date: 
[insert] [[second] Banking Day before [insert]] 
Kursberechnungstag: 
[einfügen] [[zweiter] Bankarbeitstag 
vor [einfügen]] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET 2] [[insert financial centre] and [insert 
financial centre]]

--- Page 156 ---
148 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET 2] [[Finanzzentrum einfügen] und 
[Finanzzentrum einfügen]] 
Time: 
[insert] 
Zeit: 
[einfügen] 
Time Zone: 
[insert]] 
Zeitzone: 
[einfügen]] 
Business Day Convention: 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention15 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified 
periods] 
Floating Rate Convention16 
[[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] 
 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Adjustment: 
[Yes] [No] 
Anpassung: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Banking Day:   
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial 
centres] 
Bankgeschäftstag: 
 
[TARGET2] 
[London] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
§ 6 
(Event of Default) 
(Verzugsfall) 
[Event of Default 
[Yes] [No]17 
Verzugsfall 
[Ja] [Nein]] 18 
[This paragraph is intentionally left blank 
Dieser Absatz wurde absichtlich leer gelassen.] 
                                                     
 
15  
Only applicable in the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
16  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen. 
17  
In the case of Eligible and Subordinated Notes, this section could be deleted. 
18  
Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen kann dieser Abschnitt 
gelöscht werden.

--- Page 157 ---
149 
§ 7 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent 
Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 
One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5AL, England] 
 
[insert other Principal Paying Agent] 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle 
London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5AL, England] 
 
[andere Hauptzahlstelle einfügen] 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[insert other Additional Paying Agent] 
[as of [insert date]] [insert additional Paying 
Agent(s)] [Not Applicable] 
Zusätzliche Zahlstelle(n): 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo Building – 
Polaris, 
2-4 
rue 
Eugène 
Ruppert, 
2453 
Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] 
[andere Zusätzliche Zahlstelle einfügen] 
[zum 
[Zeitpunkt 
einfügen]] 
[Zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle(n) einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Calculation Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 
One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5AL, England] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, Luxembourg 
Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue 
Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg]  
[insert other Calculation Agent]  
[Not applicable] 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle 
London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5AL, England]  
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo Building – 
Polaris, 
2-4 
rue 
Eugène 
Ruppert, 
2453 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] 
[andere Berechnungsstelle einfügen]  
[Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 158 ---
150 
§ 9 
Substitution of the Issuer 
Ersetzung der Emittentin 
[Substitution 
[Yes] [No] 
Ersetzung 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
[This paragraph is intentionally left blank19 
Dieser Absatz wurde absichtlich leer gelassen.]20 
§ 10 
Notices 
Mitteilungen 
[Notices may not be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:21 
 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen können nicht in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der jeweiligen Börse gemacht 
werden:22 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Luxembourg (Luxemburger Wort) 
 
Luxemburg (Luxemburger Wort) 
 
 
Vienna (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung) 
 
Wien (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung) 
 
 
other stock exchange and authorised 
newspaper 
 
andere Börse und zugelassene Zeitung 
 
Newspaper 
authorised 
by 
the 
stock 
exchange 
[insert newspaper authorised by the stock 
exchange] [Not applicable] 
Börsenpflichtblatt: 
[Name des Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Publication in another authorised newspaper 
if no longer possible: 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen 
in 
einem 
anderen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, wenn Mitteilung nicht 
mehr möglich: 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
[Notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:23 
 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen können in elektronischer Form auf 
der Internetseite der jeweiligen Börse gemacht 
werden:24 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Relevant Stock Exchange: 
[insert relevant Stock Exchange] 
Maßgebliche Börse: 
[maßgebliche Börse einfügen] 
                                                     
 
19  
To be inserted in case of Eligible Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
20  
Einzufügen im Falle von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen und Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
21  
Only applicable if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange. 
22  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse gelistet sind. 
23  
Only applicable if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange. 
24  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse gelistet sind.

--- Page 159 ---
151 
Website: 
[insert name of stock exchange] [insert website] 
[Not applicable]] 
Internetseite: 
[Name 
der 
Börse 
einfügen] 
[Internetseite 
einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]] 
Banking Day:25 
[TARGET2] [Frankfurt] [insert other financial 
centres] 
Bankgeschäftstag:26 
[TARGET2] 
[Frankfurt] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
§ 14 
Choice of Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction, Language 
Rechtswahl, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache 
Language of Terms and Conditions: 
 
Sprache der Anleihebedingungen: 
 
 
English and German (English binding)   
 
German and English (German binding)   
§ 15 
Amendments to Terms and Conditions 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
Amendments to Terms and Conditions 
[Yes] [No] 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Meeting of Noteholders: 
 
[Versammlung der Anleihegläubiger: 
 
 
with a physical meeting 
 
in einer Versammlung 
 
 
without a physical meeting persuant 
to § 18 SchVG 
 
ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 
SchVG 
 
Limited liability of the common representative of 
the Noteholders: 
[limited to [insert amount]-times of the annual 
retribution of the common representative] [insert 
amount] [Not applicable]]] 
Vorbestehende Beschränkung der Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters der Anleihegläubiger: 
[beschränkt auf das [Zahl einfügen]-fache der 
jährlichen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters] [Betrag einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar]]] 
 
 
                                                     
 
25  
Applicable for all listed and unlisted Notes. 
26  
Anwendbar für alle börsennotierten und nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 160 ---
152 
Part II 
 
[DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION PER 
UNIT OF LESS THAN € 100,000 
[ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON 
WENIGER ALS € 100.000 
Material Interest 
 
Materielles Interesse 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in the 
Base Prospectus, if any][Not applicable] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den 
im Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern 
vorhanden][Nicht anwendbar] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[as set out in the Base Prospectus] [Green bonds – 
specify 
details][Social 
bonds 
–specify 
details][Sustainability bonds – specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung 
der Erlöse 
[wie im Basisprospekt angegeben] [Green Bonds – 
Einzelheiten angeben][Social Bonds – Einzelheiten 
angeben][Sustainability 
Bonds 
– 
Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●]] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
[Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: [●]] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
ECB 
eligibility 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die

--- Page 161 ---
153 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt 
 
New Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow ECB eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries (ICSDs) as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries 
(ICSDs) as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt: 
[Ja. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit "ja" ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der inter-
nationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
einzu-
reichen. Das bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für 
Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch 
das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, dass die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der Eignung für 
das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
[Nein. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit "nein" zum 
Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, können 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu einem späteren 
Zeitpunkt bei einer der internationalen zentralen 
Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als gemeinsame Sicher-
heitsverwahrstelle eingereicht werden. Dies be-
deutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen während ihrer Laufzeit als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des 
Eurosystems und für Zwecke der untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon

--- Page 162 ---
154 
ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die 
Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt 
sind.] 
Yield 
 
Rendite 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[Insert percentage] % per annum.]27 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Notes cannot be 
calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Emissionsrendite: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum.]28 
[Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der Schuldver-
schreibungen 
kann 
nicht 
[zum 
Ausgabetag] 
ermittelt werden.] 
[Information on historic reference rates / values 
and further performance as well as volatility29 
 
Informationen zu historischen Referenzsätzen / 
Werten und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität30 
 
Details of historic [insert relevant Euribor rate(s)] [insert relevant CMS rate(s)] can be obtained from 
[insert relevant source].  
Einzelheiten der Entwicklung des [maßgebliche(n) Euribor Referenzzinssatz/ -sätze einfügen] 
[maßgebliche(n) CMS Rate(n) einfügen] in der Vergangenheit können abgerufen werden unter 
[maßgebliche Informationsquelle einfügen]. 
Description of any market disruption or settlement 
disruption events that effect the [insert relevant 
Euribor rate(s)] [insert relevant CMS rate(s)]: 
 
 
See § 3 of the Terms and Conditions. [●]] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung 
des Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die 
[maßgebliche(n) Euribor Referenzzinssatz/ -sätze 
einfügen] [maßgebliche(n) CMS Rate(n) einfügen] 
beeinflussen: 
 
 
 
 
 
Siehe § 3 der Anleihebedingungen. [●]] 
Terms and Conditions of the offer 
 
Anleihebedingungen des Angebots 
 
[Day of the first public offer: [Insert the day of the first public offer].] 
[Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots: [Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots einfügen].]  
[A public offer will be made in [Austria] [,] [and] [Germany] [and] [Luxembourg].] 
[Ein öffentliches Angebot erfolgt in [Österreich] [,] [und] [Deutschand] [und] [Luxemburg].] 
[The issue price per Note will be determined on [Insert date]. The issue price and the on-going offer price 
of the Notes will be published on the website of the stock exchange, where the Notes will be admitted to 
trading [Insert Website] [Insert a successor Website] in compliance with its respective regulations.] 
[Der Ausgabepreis je Schuldverschreibung wird am [Datum einfügen] festgelegt. Der Ausgabepreis und 
der laufende Angebotspreis der Schuldverschreibungen werden unter Beachtung der jeweiligen 
Bestimmungen auf der Website der Wertpapierbörsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen gehandelt 
werden [Internetseite einfügen] [Nachfolgeseite einfügen] veröffentlicht.] 
[The smallest transferable denomination is [Insert smallest transferable denomination].] 
                                                     
 
27  
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
28  
Nur bei festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
29  
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. 
30  
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 163 ---
155 
[Der kleinste übertragbare Nennwert ist [Kleinster übertragbarer Nennwert einfügen].] 
[The smallest tradeable denomination is [Insert smallest tradeable denomination].] 
[Der kleinste handelbare Nennwert ist [Kleinster handelbarer Nennwert einfügen].] 
The Notes will be offered to [qualified investors][,] [and/or] [retail investors] [and/or] [institutional 
investors] [by way of a [private placement] [public offer]] [by financial intermediaries][by a management 
or dealer group]. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden [qualifizierten Anlegern][,] [und/oder] [Privatkunden] [und/oder] 
[institutionellen Anlegern] [im Wege [einer Privatplatzierung] [eines öffentlichen Angebots]] [durch 
Finanzintermediäre][durch eine(n) Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium] angeboten. 
[As of the day of the first public offer the Notes described in the Final Terms will be offered on a 
continuous basis up to its maximum issue size. The number of offered Notes may be reduced or increased 
by the Issuer at any time and does not allow any conclusion on the size of actually issued Notes and 
therefore on the liquidity of a potential secondary market.] 
[Ab dem Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots werden die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen in einer maximalen Anzahl fortlaufend zum Kauf angeboten. Die Anzahl der zum 
Kauf angebotenen Schuldverschreibungen kann von der Emittentin jederzeit reduziert oder erhöht werden 
und lässt keine Rückschlüsse auf das Volumen der tatsächlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen und 
daher auf die Liquidität eines möglichen Sekundärmarkts zu.] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application (whether in number notes or aggregate 
amount to invest): [Specify details].] 
[Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
Schuldschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags): [Einzelheiten einfügen].] 
[Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for the delivery of the Notes: [Specify details].] 
[Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Schuldverschreibungen und ihre Lieferung: [Einzelheiten 
einfügen].] 
[A full description of the manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public.] 
[Umfassende Beschreibung der Modalitäten und des Termins für die öffentliche Bekanntgabe der 
Angebotsergebnisse.] 
[The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and the 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised.] 
[Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugszeichnungsrechts, die Verhandelbarkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung nicht ausgeübter Zeichnungsrechte.] 
[Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and an indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made.] 
[Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung möglich ist.] 
 
[The continuous offer will be made on current ask prices provided by the Issuer.] 
[Das fortlaufende Angebot erfolgt zum jeweils aktuellen von der Emittentin gestellten Verkaufspreis 
(Briefkurs).] 
[The time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer will be open. A description 
of the application process.] 
[Frist, einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen, innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt. Beschreibung des 
Antragsverfahrens.] 
 
[A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for refunding amounts paid in 
excess by applicants. 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung des 
zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner.] 
 
[The public offer may be terminated by the Issuer at any time without giving any reason.] 
[Das öffentliche Angebot kann von der Emittentin jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen beendet werden.] 
[Application for admission to trading of the Notes [has been] [will be] made on the following regulated or 
equivalent markets [insert relevant regulated or equivalent market(s)].] 
[[Die Zulassung der Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel an den folgenden regulierten oder

--- Page 164 ---
156 
vergleichbaren Märkten [Maßgebliche(n) regulierte(n) oder vergleichbare(n) Markt/Märkte einfügen] 
[wurde] [wird] beantragt.] 
[All regulated markets or equivalent markets on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same 
class of the Notes issued by the Issuer to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to trading: 
[Not applicable][Insert relevant regulated and equivalent markets].] 
[Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, wie die Schuldverschreibungen, 
die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind: [Nicht 
anwendbar] [Maßgebliche regulierte oder vergleichbare Märkte einfügen].] 
[Application for listing will be made on the following markets: [Insert relevant market(s)].] 
[Die Notierung an den folgenden Märkten [Maßgebliche(n) Markt/Märkte einfügen] wird beantragt.]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im EWR  
[Anwendbar/nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Verbot 
des 
Verkaufs 
an 
Kleinanleger 
im 
Vereinigten Königreich 
[Anwendbar/nicht anwendbar] 
Method of Distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Management 
Details 
including 
Form 
of 
Commitments 
 
Einzelheiten 
bezüglich 
der 
Dealer, 
des 
Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der 
Übernahme 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
[insert name and address]  
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[Name und Adresse einzufügen] 
 firm commitment 
 
feste Zusage 
 
 no firm commitment/best efforts arrangements 
 
Keine feste Zusage/zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen 
 
Subscription Agreement 
[Yes] [No] 
Subscription Agreement 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Date of subscription agreement 
[●]] 
[Datum des Begebungsvertrags 
[●]] 
Commissions 
[Yes] [No] 
Provisionen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[●] 
[Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[●] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Listing Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Other (specify) 
[●]] 
Andere (angeben) 
[●]]

--- Page 165 ---
157 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös: 
[●] 
Estimated total expenses: 
 
[Fees have been calculated in accordance with 
prevailing market standards: [Insert amounts].] 
[Insert breakdown of expenses] 
[] 
[Not applicable] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten: 
[Die Gebühren wurden in Übereinstimmung mit 
den herrschenden Marktstandards berechnet: 
[Betrag einfügen].] 
[Aufgliederung der Ausgaben einfügen] 
[●] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[ Vienna Stock Exchange (Official Market) 
 
Wiener Börse (Amtlicher Handel) 
 
 Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Regulated 
Market) 
 
Luxemburger Börse (Regulierter Markt) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Andere 
[●] 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the Notes issued by the Issuer to be 
offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading:  
 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger 
Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin der gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel 
zugelassen sind. 
 
 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 Vienna Stock Exchange (Official Market) 
 
Wiener Börse (Amtlicher Handel) 
 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Regulated 
Market) 
 
Luxemburger Börse (Regulierter Markt) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Andere: 
[●] 
 None] 
 
Keine] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel 
tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]

--- Page 166 ---
158 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende Platzeur(e)/Manager: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
[Yes] [No] 
Einwilligung zur Nutzung des Basisprospekts 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[In the case of a general consent, the following applies: 
[Im Fall einer generellen Zustimmung gilt Folgendes: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries (so-called general 
consent).  
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch alle Finanzintermediäre zu (sog. 
generelle Zustimmung). 
Such consent to use the Base Prospectus is given for the following period: [insert period]. 
Die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für den folgenden Zeitraum erteilt: [Zeitraum 
einfügen]. 
General consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediar[y][ies] 
is given in relation to [Austria][,] [and] [Germany] [and] [Luxembourg].  
Es wird eine generelle Zustimmung zu einem späteren Weiterverkauf oder einer endgültigen Platzierung 
der Schuldverschreibungen durch [den] [die] Finanzintermediär[e] für [Österreich][,] [und] 
[Deutschland] [und] [Luxemburg] erteilt. 
[Such consent is subject to the following conditions: [insert conditions]]] 
[Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]]] 
[In the case of an individual consent the following applies: 
[Im Fall einer individuellen Zustimmung gilt das Folgende:] 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the following financial intermediar[y][ies] (so-
called individual consent): 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch [den] [die] folgenden 
Finanzintermediär[e] zu (sog. individuelle Zustimmung):  
[Insert name(s) and address(es)]. 
[Namen und Anschrift(en) einfügen]. 
Such consent to use the Base Prospectus is given for the following period: [insert period]. 
Die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für den folgenden Zeitraum erteilt: [Zeitraum 
einfügen]. 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by the financial 
intermediar[y][ies] is given in relation to [Austria][,] [and] [Germany] [and] [Luxembourg] to [insert 
name[s] and address[es]] [and [insert details]].  
[Namen und Anschrift(en) einfügen] [[Einzelheiten angeben]] wird eine individuelle Zustimmung zu 
einem späteren Weiterverkauf oder einer endgültigen Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch 
[den] [die] Finanzintermediär[e] für [Österreich][,] [und] [Deutschland] [und] [Luxemburg] erteilt. 
[Such consent is subject to the following conditions: [insert conditions]]] 
[Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]]] 
 
 Rating31 
[specify details] 
Rating32 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
                                                     
 
31  
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Notes, if any. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been 
previously published by the rating provider. 
32  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen, soweit vorhanden, einfügen. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings, wenn 
dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 167 ---
159 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 (the "CRA Regulation").]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat 
und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011 (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of 
the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to [CMS, which is currently 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA")] [EURIBOR, which is currently provided by 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI")] [SONIA, which is currently provided by the Bank of 
England] [SOFR, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [€STR, which is 
published by the European Central Bank] [OTHER, which is currently provided by [insert 
administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [IBA] [EMMI] [the Bank of England] [the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [the European Central Bank] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation").] 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [CMS, der 
derzeit vom ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [EURIBOR, der 
derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA, der 
derzeit von der Bank of England zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [€STR, der derzeit von der Europäischen Zentralbank zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER REFERENZZINSSATZ, der derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] 
zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
erschein[t][en] [IBA] [EMMI] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [die 
europäische Zentralbank] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und 
Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 
36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die "Benchmark-Verordnung") 
eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.]

--- Page 168 ---
160 
Part II 
[DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS 
RELATED 
TO 
DEBT 
SECURITIES 
WITH 
A 
DENOMINATION PER UNIT OF AT LEAST € 100,000 
[ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON 
€ 100.000 
Material Information 
 
Wesentliche Informationen 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in 
the Base Prospectus, if any] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den 
im Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern 
vorhanden] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[Not 
applicable][Green 
bonds 
– 
specify 
details][Social 
bonds 
–specify 
details] 
[Sustainability bonds – specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung 
der Erlöse 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Green Bonds – Einzelheiten 
angeben][Social 
Bonds 
– 
Einzelheiten 
angeben][Sustainability Bonds – Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code 
[●]] 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●]] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
[Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: [●]] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
ECB 
eligibility 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
New Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow ECB eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries (ICSDs) as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositaries 
(ICSDs) as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt: 
[Ja. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit "ja" ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der inter-
nationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
einzureichen. Das bedeutet nicht notwendiger-
weise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Geldpolitik 
des 
Eurosystems und für Zwecke der untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die 
Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt 
sind.] 
[Nein. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit "nein" zum 
Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, können 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu einem späteren 
Zeitpunkt bei einer der internationalen zentralen 
Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als gemeinsame Sicher-
heitsverwahrstelle eingereicht werden. Dies be-
deutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldver-schreibungen während ihrer Laufzeit 
als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik 
des 
Euro-systems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kredit-fähigkeit 
durch 
das 
Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche

--- Page 170 ---
162 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, dass die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der Eignung für 
das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
Yield 
 
Rendite 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[Insert percentage] % per annum.]33 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Notes cannot be 
calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Rendite bezogen auf den Ausgabepreis: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum.]34 
Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der Schuldver-
schreibungen 
kann 
nicht 
[zum 
Ausgabetag] 
ermittelt werden.] 
Method of Distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Management Details 
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich der Dealer 
 
Dealer/Management Group: 
[insert name]  
Dealer/Bankenkonsortium: 
[Name einfügen] 
Commissions 
 
Provisionen 
 
[Management/Underwriting Commission35: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]  
Management- und Übernahmeprovision36: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
[Selling Concession37: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
[Verkaufsprovision38: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Listing Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Angabe der geschätzten Gesamtkosten für die 
Zulassung zum Handel: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Stabilising Manager:  
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Kursstabilisierender Manager: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 Vienna Stock Exchange (Official Market) 
 
Wiener Börse (Amtlicher Handel) 
 
                                                     
 
33  
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
34  
Nur bei festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
35  
There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case, the Notes have a 
minimum denomination of € 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency. 
36  
Es gibt keine Verpflichtung, Informationen hinsichtlich einer Management- und Übernahmeprovision und einer Verkaufsprovision anzugeben, 
wenn die Schuldverschreibungen eine Mindeststückelung von € 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag in einer anderen Währung haben. 
37  
There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case, the Notes have a 
minimum denomination of € 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency. 
38  
Es gibt keine Verpflichtung, Informationen hinsichtlich einer Management- und Übernahmeprovision und einer Verkaufsprovision anzugeben, 
wenn die Schuldverschreibungen eine Mindeststückelung von € 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag in einer anderen Währung haben.

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(Regulated 
Market) 
 
Luxemburger Börse (Regulierter Markt) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Andere: 
[●] 
 Rating39 
[specify details] 
Rating40 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 (the "CRA Regulation").]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat 
und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen geändert durch die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011 (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of 
the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to [CMS, which is currently 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA")] [EURIBOR, which is currently provided by 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI")] [SONIA, which is currently provided by the Bank of 
England] [SOFR, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [€STR, which is 
published by the European Central Bank] [OTHER, which is currently provided by [insert 
administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [IBA] [EMMI] [the Bank of England] [the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [the European Central Bank] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation").] 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [CMS, der 
derzeit vom ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [EURIBOR, der 
derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA, der 
derzeit von der Bank of England zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [€STR, der derzeit von der Europäischen Zentralbank zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER REFERENZZINSSATZ, der derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] 
zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
erschein[t][en] [IBA] [EMMI] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [die 
europäische Zentralbank] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und 
Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 
36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die "Benchmark-Verordnung") 
eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.] 
 
____________________________________ 
____________________________________ 
                                                     
 
39  
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Notes, if any. 
40  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen, soweit vorhanden, einfügen.

--- Page 172 ---
164 
By/ Von:  
Duly authorised 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt 
By/ Von:  
Duly authorised 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
PART B 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF COVERED BONDS 
 (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (English language version) 
§ 1 
(Series, Form, Further Issuances) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the "Series") of [[mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe)] [public 
Pfandbriefe (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe)] (the "Pfandbriefe")] [[mortgage][public] covered bank bonds 
(Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) (the "Covered Bank Bonds")] of UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
(the "Issuer") is being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the "Issue Date") in bearer form pursuant to these 
terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") in [insert Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of [up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the 
"Aggregate Principal Amount") in the denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(3) 
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or "Global Note") without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile 
signatures of two authorised signatories of the Issuer [In the case of an entity other than UniCredit 
Bank Austria AG as Principal Paying Agent (as specified in § 6 below), the following applies: as well 
as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 6 below)]. 
The holders of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (the "Noteholders") are not entitled to receive 
definitive [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] as co-
ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the 
Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note. 
(3) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. "Clearing System" 
means [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
are individually referred to as an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the "ICSDs")] [insert different Clearing System]. 
(4) 
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Holders to issue additional 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] with identical terms, so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single series with the Series comprising the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. The term 
"[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]" shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally 
issued [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. 
§ 2 
(Status) 
[In case of Pfandbriefe, insert: 
 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute senior obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the Austrian Mortgage 
Bank Act, as amended from time to time (Hypothekenbankgesetz - HypBG) and rank pari passu with all other 
senior obligations of the Issuer, present and future, under the [mortgage Pfandbriefe] [public Pfandbriefe]. 
[In case of Covered Bank Bonds, insert: 
 
The obligations under the Covered Bank Bonds constitute senior obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bank Bonds are covered in accordance with the 
Austrian Act on Covered Bank Bonds, as amended from time to time (Gesetz betreffend fundierte

--- Page 174 ---
166 
Bankschuldverschreibungen) and rank pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future, under the [mortgage][public] covered bank bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen).] 
§ 3 
(Interest) 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds insert: 
 
(2) 
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount from [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") (including) 
to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 4 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. The 
respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 5): and an adjustment] pursuant to § 5 (2), be 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 3 (1). The first payment 
of interest shall, subject to adjustment pursuant to § 5 (2), be made on [[insert first Interest Payment 
Date] [In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per 
Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination] [Initial Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal 
Amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. [In the case of a last short/long coupon, insert: Interest in 
respect of the period from [insert Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the 
Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount to [[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination] [[Final Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate 
Principal Amount].] 
(2) 
"Interest Rate" means 
[insert interest rate in per cent. per annum]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] and 
the Maturity Date.] 
(3) 
The calculation of the Interest Amount (the "Interest Amount") occurs by multiplying the product of 
the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate 
Principal Amount]. 
(4) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
[Pfandbrief][Covered Bank Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period") 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it 
falls, insert:  
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls and 
(2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a 
year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a year.]

--- Page 175 ---
167 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date.]  
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment 
Date.] 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30 / 360, 360 / 360 or Bond Basis pursuant to ISDA 2006, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30;]

--- Page 176 ---
168 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds, insert: 
 
(1) 
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount from [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") (including) 
[for each Interest Period] to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 4 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest 
Rate per annum. The respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the 
business day convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 5): and an adjustment] pursuant 
to § 5 (2), be payable in arear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 5 (1). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates without a first long/short 
coupon, insert:  
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
[and the Maturity Date].]  
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates with a first long/short coupon, 
insert:  
 
the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter [each][the] 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the 
Maturity Date].]

--- Page 177 ---
169 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
 
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date[, and the 
Maturity Date].] 
"Interest Period" means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first 
Interest Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following 
Interest Payment Date (excluding) respectively.] 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the "Interest Rate") for each Interest Period will, except as provided 
below, be the Reference Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In 
the case of a Margin, insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: "Margin" means [insert percentage in per cent per 
annum].] 
"Reference Rate" means,  
[In the case of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds other than Constant Maturity Swap 
("CMS") Floating Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds, insert: 
 
the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] offered rate (expressed as a per centage 
rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective 
Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA®") rate for the relevant London Banking 
Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for 
the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following formula.  
"Compounded Daily SONIA®" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily SONIA® as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] 
on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIA®i−pLBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑
 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"p" 
means [insert relevant definition].

--- Page 178 ---
170 
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day; 
"SONIA®i-pLBD" 
means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA® 
reference rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i". 
"Observation 
Period" 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling five London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier 
date, 
if 
any, 
on 
which 
the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] become due and 
payable).] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight 
reference rate ("SOFR®") rate for the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a 
compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following 
formula. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR®" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + SOFR®i−USBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day (as defined below) in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"p" 
means [insert relevant definition]. 
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Day; 
"SOFR®i-pUSBD" 
means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation

--- Page 179 ---
171 
Period, the SOFR® reference rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period" 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling five U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] become due and 
payable).] 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: daily Euro short-term rate ("€STR®") 
for the relevant TARGET 2 Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page 
as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to 
the following formula. 
"Compounded Daily €STR®" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] 
[●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
[∏(1 +
€STR®i−pTBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"do" 
means the number of TARGET 2 Banking Day since 
the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant TARGET 2 Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first TARGET 2 Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"p" 
means [insert relevant definitions]. 
"ni" 
for any day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following TARGET 2 Banking Day; 
"€STR®i-pTBD" 
means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Banking Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR® 
reference rate for the TARGET 2 Banking Day 
falling "p" TARGET 2 Banking Day prior to the 
relevant TARGET 2 Banking Day "i". 
"Observation Period" 
means the period from and including the date falling 
five TARGET 2 Banking Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five TARGET 2 Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five TARGET 2

--- Page 180 ---
172 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] 
become due and payable).] 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards.] 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
first Interest Payment Date, for which the Reference Rate will be 
the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] 
offered rate (each expressed as percentage rate per annum) each 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest 
Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
 
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the 
Maturity Date, for which the Reference Rate will be the linear 
interpolation between the [insert number] month [Euribor] 
offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] offered rate 
(each expressed as percentage rate per annum) each for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest Period which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date.)]  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such offered 
rate does not appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
will request each of the Reference Banks to provide its rate at 
which deposits in the Specified Currency are offered at 
approximately 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, 
insert: Brussels] time, on the respective Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, 
insert: Euro-Zone] interbank market for the respective Interest 
Period in a representative amount. 
If at least two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the respective Reference Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005being rounded 
upwards) of such quotations. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as described above) of the rates quoted by major 
banks in the Euro-Zone, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels 
time, on that Interest Determination Date for deposits in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for the respective 
Interest Period and in a representative amount.

--- Page 181 ---
173 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears 
at such time, SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s bank 
rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
SONIA® to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA® has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA®, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA® 
for the purpose of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] for so 
long as SONIA® is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. To the extent that any amendments or 
modifications to these Terms and Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the [Calculation Agent] [●] 
to follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA®, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall have no obligation to act until such 
amendments or modifications have been made in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest 
Rate 
which 
would 
have 
been 
applicable 
to 
such 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] for the first Interest Period 
had the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears 
at such time and, (1) unless both a SOFR® Index Cessation Event 
and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, 
SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day for which SOFR® was published on the Screen 
Page; or (2) if a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and SOFR® Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced 
by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), 
provided that, if no such rate has been recommended within one

--- Page 182 ---
174 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest Determination 
Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR® where 
references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day were references to New York Banking 
Day, (iii) references to SOFR® Index Cessation Event were 
references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no 
such rate has been recommended within one U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index Cessation Event and 
an OBFR Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate for 
each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
(x) references to SOFR® were references to FOMC Target Rate, 
(y) references to U.S. Government Securities Banking Day were 
references to New York Banking Day and (z) references to the 
Screen Page were references to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target 
set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on the 
Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market 
Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s 
Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound 
of the target range and the lower bound of the target range). 
"U.S. Government Securities Banking Day" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Interest Determination 
Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the 
New York Banking Day immediately preceding such Interest 
Determination Date as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 
p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a 
OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events:  
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or

--- Page 183 ---
175 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably confirms 
that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide OBFR; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies to, 
but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions. 
"SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
"SOFR® Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a)  
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate; or 
(b)  
the publication of information which reasonably confirms 
that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c)  
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other 
official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, including existing swap transactions.] 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert:  
 
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the 
respective Interest Determination Date on the [insert screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European 
Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i 
for the purpose of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] for so 
long as €STR®i is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. To the extent that any amendments or 
modifications to these Terms and Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the [Calculation Agent] [●] to 
follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i, the

--- Page 184 ---
176 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall have no obligation to act until such 
amendments or modifications have been made in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions and the Agency Agreement. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the [Calculation 
Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest 
Rate 
which 
would 
have 
been 
applicable 
to 
such 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] for the first Interest Period 
had the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other 
number of days] [If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: 
TARGET2] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the 
Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the 
relevant Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: "TARGET2 Banking 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is 
operational.]  
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: "[London] [insert other financial 
centre] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] 
Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency) in [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: 
London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert other 
financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement 
Page). 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks in the Euro-Zoneinterbank 
market, which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: "Euro-Zone" means the countries 
and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.]  
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], (ii) the administrator of the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ceases to calculate and publish the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] permanently or for an indefinite period of time, 
(iii) the administrator of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] becomes 
insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding 
(affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] is otherwise being discontinued (each a "Discontinuation Event"), 
the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate 
determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such 
order (the "Successor Reference Rate"):

--- Page 185 ---
177 
(I) The [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with the 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by the 
administrator of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the competent 
central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for 
the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the term of the [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be used in accordance with 
applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be determined); 
 
(II) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate 
notes in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot 
be determined);  
 
(III) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance 
with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures 
in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded 
interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if 
no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate, 
which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, 
may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third 
party financial adviser or financial institution experienced with the type of 
calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen) with regard to the term of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable manner based 
on the general market interest levels in Austria at the relevant time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen 
Page"). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate 
(the "Relevant Date") any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a 
reference to the Successor [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a 
reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Noteholders 
in accordance with § [9]. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] with a Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest 
adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest 
Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result 
which is consistent with the economic substance of the [Pfandbrief][Covered 
Bank Bond] before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Noteholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as 
described above, the Issuer may redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] in whole [or in part]. The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be 
redeemed at par, together with any accrued interest until the redemption date 
pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption 
to the Noteholders in accordance with § [9].

--- Page 186 ---
178 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds], the 
Interest Rate applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the 
Discontinuation Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate 
applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [in the case of a factor, insert: multiplied 
by [factor]] [in the case of a margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In 
case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied 
against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] [The Interest Rate 
will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to redeem the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds], the same Interest Rate shall apply from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be the Issuer’s designee with respect to 
determinations with respect to a Discontinuation Event. The Calculation Agent 
shall have no liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or its designee in connection with a Discontinuation Event or a replacement of 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] or any adjustments or conforming 
changes thereto. In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its 
designee. 
 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds, insert: 
 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap swap rate 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum which appears on the Screen Page as 
of the Reference Rate Time on the respective Interest Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement 
Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not 
appear on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request the Reference 
Banks to provide the mid-market annual swap rate quotations at approximately 
the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for that 
Interest Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotations (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest).  
"Reference Rate Time" means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the 
interbank market which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other 
number of days] [TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest 
Period.

--- Page 187 ---
179 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is 
operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[London] [insert other 
financial centre] Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to calculate 
and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite period of 
time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise being 
discontinued (each a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Rate shall be 
replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) 
through (IV) in such order (the "Successor Reference Rate"): 
 
(I) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is 
announced by the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central 
bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor rate for the 
Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which can be used in 
accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be 
determined);  
 
(II) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate notes in the respective 
currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot be determined);  
 
(III) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, 
which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a 
reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant 
currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures 
with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such 
alternative reference rate can be determined);  
 
(IV) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by 
the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged 
to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or 
financial institution experienced with the type of calculations required at the 
time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of 
the Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable 
manner based on the general market interest levels in Austria at the relevant 
time. 
 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used 
in connection with such Successor Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen 
Page"). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference Rate 
(the "Relevant Date") any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a 
reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page

--- Page 188 ---
180 
herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Noteholders in accordance with § [9]. 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a 
Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor 
or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate and 
calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Noteholders.  
 
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be 
replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, 
the Issuer may redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] in whole [or in 
part]. The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be redeemed at par, 
together with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to the 
provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § [9].  
 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds], the 
Interest Rate applicable from the first Interest Payment Date following the 
Discontinuation Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate 
applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [in the case of a factor, insert: multiplied 
by [factor]] [in the case of a margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, 
insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be 
applied against such quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] [The 
Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [●]. If the Issuer elects not to 
redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds], the same Interest Rate shall 
apply from the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation 
Event.] 
 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the "Interest Rate") for each Interest Period will, except as provided 
below, be the relevant ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert 
factor]], [In the case of a Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The "Margin" amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
"ISDA Rate" means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were to act as calculation agent for such swap 
transaction, such determination occurring pursuant to an agreement declaring the 2006 
ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Definitions (in the version that is valid, current, updated 
and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on their website at 
www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) part of the contract and according 
to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and

--- Page 189 ---
181 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate ("Euribor") for a currency: the first 
day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is not based on 
the Euribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]). 
For purposes of this subparagraph (2), (i) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meaning 
accorded to these terms in the ISDA Definitions, and (ii) "Euro-Zone" means the countries 
and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
 
(3) 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be [insert Minimum Interest Rate].] 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
 
(3) 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above 
provisions is higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be [insert Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
[(3)][(4)] The Interest Amount (the "Interest Amount") will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
[(4)][(5)] The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the respective 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] are at that point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification 
to the stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the 
[fourth] [insert number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be adjusted in the reasonable discretion (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment). Any such adjustment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange, on which the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are then admitted or traded and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § [9]. 
"Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] [is] 
[are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial 
centres]]. 
[(5)][(6)] 
"Day Count Fraction" means,  
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual

--- Page 190 ---
182 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365).] 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[In the case of 30/360 (ISDA) or 360/360 or Bond Basis, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:

--- Page 191 ---
183 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30.] 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest method)) 
insert: 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank 
Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the 
last day of the Calculation Period.]]

--- Page 192 ---
184 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds insert: 
 
(1) 
During their lifetime, there will be no periodic interest payment on the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds]. 
(2) 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
[Pfandbrief][Covered Bank Bond] for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.] 
§ 4 
(Redemption) 
(1)  
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity 
Date"), unless redeemed early pursuant to § 4 at their [Specified Denomination][Aggregate Principal 
Amount] (the "Redemption Amount"). 
[In the case the Covered Bonds are early redeemable at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
 
(2) 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] "Call Date") redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] in whole [or in part]. 
The Issuer will give notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking 
Days)][Banking Days (as defined in [§ 5 (2) below][§ 3 [(4)][(5)] above])][months] prior to the 
[relevant] Call Date pursuant to § [9]. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
[relevant] Call Date. The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be redeemed at the [relevant] 
Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued until the Call 
Date pursuant to the provisions in § 5. 
The 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(the 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Amount") 
[per 
[Pfandbrief][Covered Bank Bond]] [of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]] shall be [its 
Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount] [as follows: 
Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price]]] 
[In the case the Covered Bonds are not early redeemable at the option of the Issuer, insert: 
 
(2) 
No optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer does not have a right to early redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds].] 
(3) 
No Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
The Noteholders do not have a right to demand the early redemption of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered 
Bank Bonds].

--- Page 193 ---
185 
§ 5 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and  
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date including any interest accrued 
until the Call Date[.][or]]  
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
(2) 
If the due date for any payment under the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (the "Payment Date") is 
not a Banking Day then  
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment shall 
be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day, 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) an Interest 
Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Banking Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Banking Day in the month, which falls [[insert 
number] months][insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in respect of such 
delay.] 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as 
described above, such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted 
accordingly.]

--- Page 194 ---
186 
[In case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds and Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank 
Bonds insert: "Banking Day" means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing 
System [If the Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and 
TARGET2] [is] [are] open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other 
reasons, insert: and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all 
relevant financial centres]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: "TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).]] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 6). The Principal Paying 
Agent shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the 
depository banks for transfer to the Noteholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall discharge 
the Issuer from its obligations under the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] in the amount of such 
payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] when due, 
accrual of interest on due amounts continues from, and including, the due date for payment to, but 
excluding, the date of actual payment at the respective rate of interest specified. This does not affect 
any additional rights that might be available to the Noteholders. 
§ 6 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [if the Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds will be deposited with OeKB, 
insert: the Issuer] [The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, 
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying Agent] (the "Principal Paying Agent"). The Issuer 
may appoint additional paying agents (the "Paying Agents") and revoke such appointment. The 
appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to § [9]. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the "Calculation Agent").] 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or 
Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of 
international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or another person or 
institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the 
Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § [9]. 
([3][4]) In connection with the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds], the Principal Paying Agent [and the 
Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
([4][5]) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
§ 7 
(Taxes) 
All payments of principal and/or interest by the Issuer in respect of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] 
shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future tax, duty or charge 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Austria, or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (or, with respect to FATCA, the United States of America 
or any authority thereof) unless the withholding or deduction is required by law (including pursuant to any 
agreements relating to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, including any agreements described under 
Section 1471(b) thereof).

--- Page 195 ---
187 
[If Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waivers shall be applicable, insert:  
 
§ 8 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waivers) 
(1) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. 
In accordance with subsequent provisions the Noteholders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of 
these Terms and Conditions with regard to certain matters by resolution with the majority specified 
below. Majority resolutions of the Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders alike. A majority 
resolution of the Noteholders which does not provide for identical conditions for all Noteholders is 
void, unless Noteholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
The Noteholders may consent, by majority resolution, to the following measures, among others: 
(a) 
changes in the due date or reduction or exclusion of interest payments; 
(b) 
changes in the due date of the principal amount; 
(c) 
reduction of the principal amount; 
(d) 
subordination of the claims under the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] during insolvency 
proceedings of the Issuer; 
(e) 
conversion or exchange of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] into shares, other securities or 
other promises of performance; 
(f) 
changes in the currency of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]; 
(g) 
waiver or limitation of the Noteholders’ right of termination; 
(h) 
substitution of the Issuer; and 
(i) 
amendments to or cancellation of ancillary conditions of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. 
(3) 
Convening a Meeting of Noteholders. 
The Noteholders’ meeting shall be convened by the Issuer or by the Joint Representative of the 
Noteholders. It shall be convened if Noteholders who together hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] request such convocation in writing for the purpose of appointing 
or removing a Joint Representative, passing a resolution in order to render a termination invalid or for 
any other particular interest in such convocation. 
(4) 
Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
The convening notice shall state the name and the registered office of the Issuer and the time of the 
Noteholders’ meeting, the agenda and the conditions on which attendance at the Noteholders’ meeting 
and the exercise of voting rights shall depend. The convening notice shall be published pursuant to 
§ [9]. 
(5) 
Convening Period, Evidence. 
The Noteholders’ meeting shall be called at least 14 calendar days before the date of the meeting. As 
evidence for the entitlement to participate in the Noteholders' meeting a special confirmation issued by 
the Clearing System or the Custodian in text form shall be presented.

--- Page 196 ---
188 
(6) 
Agenda. 
The convening party shall include in the agenda a proposed resolution for each subject on which the 
Noteholders’ meeting is to pass a resolution. The agenda of the Noteholders’ meeting shall be published 
together with the convening notice. No resolutions may be passed on agenda items that have not been 
published in the required manner. Noteholders who together hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] may request that new items be published for resolution. Such new 
items must be published no later than the third calendar day preceding the Noteholders’ meeting. 
Without undue delay and until the date of the Noteholders’ meeting, the Issuer shall make available to 
the Noteholders on its website ("www.bankaustria.at"), any counter-motions announced by a 
Noteholder before the meeting. 
(7) 
Quorum. 
The Chairperson shall prepare a register of Noteholders participating in the vote. Such register shall 
include the Noteholders’ names, their registered offices or places of residence and the number of voting 
rights represented by each Noteholder. Such register shall be signed by the Chairperson of the meeting 
and be made available without undue delay to all Noteholders. The Noteholders’ meeting shall have a 
quorum if the persons present represent at least fifty per cent of the outstanding [Pfandbriefe][Covered 
Bank Bonds] by value. If the Noteholders’ meeting does not have a quorum, the Chairperson may 
convene a second meeting for the purposes of passing the resolution(s) anew. Such second meeting 
requires no quorum. For resolutions which require a qualified majority the persons present must 
represent 
at 
least 
25 per cent. 
of 
the 
outstanding 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered 
Bank 
Bonds]. 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] for which voting rights have been suspended shall not be included 
in the outstanding [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. 
(8) 
Majority Requirements. 
Resolutions relating to material amendments of these Terms and Conditions, in particular consents to 
the measures set out in § 8 (2) (a) to (i) above shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. 
(Qualified Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of these Terms and 
Conditions which are not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(9) 
Vote without a Meeting. 
All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. The vote shall be conducted by the 
scrutineer. The scrutineer shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative of the 
Noteholders if it has requested such vote. The request for voting shall set out the period within which 
votes may be cast. Such period shall be at least 72 hours. During the voting period, the Noteholders 
may cast their votes to the scrutineer in text form. The request shall set out in detail the conditions to be 
met in order for the votes to be valid. The scrutineer shall ascertain the entitlement to cast a vote by 
means of the evidence provided and shall prepare a list of Noteholders entitled to vote. If it is 
ascertained that no quorum exists, the scrutineer may convene a Noteholders’ meeting, which shall be 
deemed to be a second Noteholders’ meeting within the meaning of § 8(7). Any resolution passed by 
the vote shall be recorded in the minutes by a notary. Each Noteholder participating in the vote may 
request within one year of the end of the voting period a copy of the minutes and its annexes from the 
Issuer. Each Noteholder participating in the vote may object to the result in writing within two weeks of 
publication of the resolutions. The scrutineer shall decide on any such objection. If it takes remedial 
action as a result of the objection, it shall publish the result without undue delay. § 8(13) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis. If the scrutineer does not take remedial action as a result of the objection, it shall 
notify the objecting Noteholder without undue delay in writing. 
(10) Voting Right. 
Each Noteholder shall participate in votes in accordance with the principal amount of the outstanding 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] held by such Noteholder. Voting rights are suspended with respect 
to the shares attributable to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or held for the account of the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries. The Issuer may not make available [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] for 
which the voting rights have been suspended to any third party for the purposes of exercising the voting 
rights in lieu of the Issuer. This shall also apply to any subsidiaries of the Issuer. Exercise of voting

--- Page 197 ---
189 
rights for the purposes specified above is prohibited. It is prohibited to offer, promise or grant any 
advantage as consideration to any person entitled to vote not to vote, or to vote in a particular way, in a 
Noteholders’ meeting or a vote. No person entitled to vote may require, accept any promise of or accept 
any advantage or consideration for not voting, or voting in a particular way, in a Noteholders’ meeting 
or a vote. 
(11) Chair of the Vote. 
The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative has 
convened the vote, by the Joint Representative (the "Chairperson"). 
(12) Voting, Minutes. 
The provisions of the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of 
shareholders in the general meeting shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of votes. 
In order to be valid, any resolution passed by the Noteholders’ meeting shall be recorded in minutes of 
the meeting. The minutes shall be recorded by a notary. 
(13) Publication of Resolutions. 
The Issuer shall publish the resolutions passed by the Noteholders in appropriate form and at its own 
expense. The resolutions shall be published without undue delay pursuant § [9]. In addition, for a period 
of at least one month commencing on the calendar day following the Noteholders’ meeting, the Issuer 
shall make available to the public on its website ("www.bankaustria.at") the resolutions passed by the 
Noteholders and, if these Terms and Conditions are amended by a Noteholders’ resolution, the wording 
of the original Terms and Conditions. 
(14) Implementation of Resolutions. 
Resolutions passed by the Noteholders’ meeting which amend or supplement the contents of these 
Terms and Conditions shall be implemented in such a way that the relevant Global Note is 
supplemented or amended. If the Global Note has been deposited with a central securities depository, 
the Chairperson of the meeting or the scrutineer shall forward for this purpose the contents of the 
resolution recorded in the minutes to the central securities depository, requesting it to add the 
documents submitted to the existing documents in appropriate form. It shall affirm to the central 
securities depository that the resolution may be implemented. 
(15) Joint Representative. 
[In case no Joint Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions insert: The Noteholders 
may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint Representative") to exercise the 
Noteholders' rights on behalf of each Noteholder.] 
[In case the Joint Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions insert: The joint 
representative (the "Joint Representative") to exercise the Noteholders' rights on behalf of each 
Noteholder shall be [insert name and address of the Joint Representative]. The liability of the Joint 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Joint 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
The liability of the Joint Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Joint Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. 
The Joint Representative shall have the duties and powers granted by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders. The Joint Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent that the Joint Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Joint Representative shall provide reports to the Noteholders on its 
activities. The Joint Representative shall be liable to the Noteholders as joint and several creditors for 
the due performance of its duties. In the performance of its duties, it shall act with the care of a prudent 
representative. The Joint Representative’s liability may be limited by resolution of the Noteholders. An 
assertion of compensation claims against the Joint Representative shall be decided by the Noteholders.

--- Page 198 ---
190 
The Joint Representative may be removed by the Noteholders at any time without reason. The Joint 
Representative may require the Issuer to provide any information that is necessary for the performance 
of its duties.] 
§ [9] 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] shall be published to the extent 
legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange in [Luxembourg 
(Luxemburger Wort)][Vienna (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung)] except that, if and to the extent that 
the rules of the Vienna Stock Exchange so permit, notices of such [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] may be given by the Issuer by delivering the relevant notice to OeKB (if 
applicable)][insert other stock exchange and authorised newspaper]. This newspaper is expected 
to be [insert newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is 
no longer possible, the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchange in [Luxembourg][Vienna][insert other stock exchange].] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of 
such publications).] 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, 
insert: 
 
All notices concerning the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be made [additionally] by 
means of electronic publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] 
(www.[insert URL]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [Vienna] [insert 
other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Noteholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which [Pfandbriefe][Covered 
Bank Bonds] are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Noteholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [Vienna] [insert other financial centre] 
Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "TARGET2 Banking Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]

--- Page 199 ---
191 
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: "[Vienna] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [Vienna] [insert other financial 
centre]].] 
§ [10] 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] in the market or 
otherwise and at any price. [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s 
discretion, be held, resold or forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
§ [11] 
(Prescription) 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) and three years (in the case 
of interest) upon the relevant due date. 
 
§ [12] 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] be or become 
invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap 
arising as a result of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] is to be filled with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent 
of these Terms and Conditions of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ [13] 
(Choice of Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules would lead to the 
application of foreign law. 
(2) 
Place of performance is Vienna, Austria. 
(3) 
The courts competent for the first district of Vienna, Austria shall have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (the "Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. 
This choice of jurisdiction clause does not apply to consumers who are domiciled, habitually resident or 
employed in Austria. The general legal venue in Austria in case of Proceedings taken by a consumer or 
against a consumer as provided for by law at the time of conclusion of an agreement shall remain the 
same even if the consumer, after conclusion of the agreement, transfers his/her domicile abroad and 
Austrian court decisions are enforceable in that country. 
Further, the rights of consumers under the provisions of European civil litigation law who are domiciled 
in a member state of the European Union other than Austria or in a third country to bring Proceedings 
against the Issuer in the courts of the state in which they are domiciled and/or the right that Proceedings 
against them may only be brought in the courts of the state in which they are domiciled shall remain 
unaffected.

--- Page 200 ---
192 
[Insert if Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.] 
[Insert if Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and an German language 
translation will be provided: 
(4) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is 
provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 201 ---
193 
TEIL B 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR PFANDBRIEFE UND FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe and the Covered Bank Bonds (German language version) 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form, Weitere Emissionen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die "Serie") von [[Hypothekenpfandbriefen][öffentliche Pfandbriefen] (die 
"Pfandbriefe")] 
[[hypothekarisch] 
[öffentlich] 
fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen")] der UniCredit Bank Austria AG (die "Emittentin") wird 
am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der "Ausgabetag") in Form von Inhaberschuldverschreibungen auf der 
Grundlage dieser Anleihebedingungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") in [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] 
(die "Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [bis zu] [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
"Gesamtnennbetrag") in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
(2) 
Die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die "Globalurkunde"), die die eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten Vertretern der Emittentin [Im Falle einer 
anderen Stelle als UniCredit Bank Austria AG als Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 6 bestimmt) gilt Folgendes: 
sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in 
§ 6 definiert)] trägt. Die Gläubiger der [Pfandbriefe] [Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] (die 
"Gläubiger") haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von [Pfandbriefen] [Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] in effektiver Form. Die [Pfandbriefe] [Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] sind 
als Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearing 
Systems übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft. 
(3) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing 
System" [ist OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF")][sind 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")][(CBL und 
Euroclear sind jeweils ein "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die 
"ICSDs")][anderes Clearing System einfügen]. 
 
(4) 
Die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] werden in Classical Global Note Form 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
(5) 
Die 
Emittentin 
darf 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
[Pfandbriefen][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] erhöhen. Der Begriff "[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen]" 
umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebene [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen]. 
§ 2 
(Status) 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, einfügen: 
 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Pfandbriefen begründen nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
und nehmen untereinander ohne jede Bevorzugung den gleichen Rang ein. Die Pfandbriefe sind gemäß dem 
Hypothekenbankgesetz (HypBG), in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, gedeckt und nehmen den gleichen Rang 
wie alle anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
[Hypothekenpfandbriefen][öffentlichen Pfandbriefen] ein.

--- Page 202 ---
194 
[Im Fall von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und nehmen untereinander ohne jede Bevorzugung den gleichen Rang ein. 
Die 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
sind 
gemäß 
des 
Gesetzes 
betreffend 
fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, gedeckt und nehmen den gleich Rang wie alle 
anderen nicht nachrangigen gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
[hypothekarisch][öffentlichen] fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen ein. 
§ 3 
(Zinsen) 
[Im Fall von Festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) 
[für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 4 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum 
Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der 
Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt (wie in § 5 bestimmt) einfügen: und einer 
Anpassung], gemäß § 5 (2) nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 3 (1) 
zur Zahlung fällig. Die erste Zinszahlung wird, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß § 5 (2), am 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] erfolgen. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen ersten Kupons, einfügen: und 
beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte 
Stückelung] [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] 
bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen letzten Kupons, einfügen: Die 
Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, einfügen] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung] [[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, 
einfügen] 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag]. 
(2) 
"Zinssatz" meint 
[jährlichen Festzinssatz % einfügen]. 
"Zinszahltag" meint den [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] sowie den 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
(3) 
Die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags (der "Zinsbetrag") erfolgt, indem das Produkt aus 
Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] 
multipliziert wird. 
(4) 
"Zinstagequotient" 
ist 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
auf 
[einen][eine] 
[Pfandbrief][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] 
entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags 
für 
jeglichen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Berechnungszeitraum") 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA)einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die 
der Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.]

--- Page 203 ---
195 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen: 
  
die Summe: 
(a)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode 
und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b)  
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
 
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag einfügen] jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, 
falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden 
Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 204 ---
196 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer 
als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von Variabel Verzinslichen Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) 
[für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 4 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum 
Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. Der jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der 
Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt (wie in § 5 bestimmt): und einer Anpassung] 
gemäß § 5 (2) nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 5 (1) zur Zahlung 
fällig.  
"Zinszahltag" ist 
[Bei festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen ohne einen ersten langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen:  
 
jeder [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie der 
Fälligkeitstag]]  









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 205 ---
197 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen mit erstem langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen: 
 
Der [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] und danach [jeder][der] [feste(n) 
Zinszahltag(e) 
einfügen] 
[eines 
jeden 
Jahres] 
[sowie 
der 
Fälligkeitstag].] 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen:  
 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Anleihebedingungen anderweitig festgelegt) 
[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen Zinszahltag oder, 
im Fall des ersten Zinszahltags, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt [, sowie der 
Fälligkeitstag].] 
"Zinsperiode" ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich).  
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders 
angegeben, der Referenzsatz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im 
Falle einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: "Marge" ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
"Referenzsatz" ist  
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen außer Constant 
Maturity 
Swap 
("CMS") 
Variabel 
Verzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen/Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz pro Jahr) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr 
Brüsseler Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird] [Im 
Fall von SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen: der "Sterling Overnight Index 
Average" ("SONIA®") für den jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der auf 
der Bildschirmseite um 9.00 Uhr (Londoner Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA®" bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIA®i−pLBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑
 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode;

--- Page 206 ---
198 
"do" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankgeschäfts-
tage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
folgenden 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
"SONIA®i-pLBD" 
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankgeschäftstag in 
dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® 
Referenzsatz an dem Londoner Bankgeschäftstag, der 
"p" Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungs-
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
welcher fünf Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer 
solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf 
Londoner Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "US-Dollar Overnight 
Financing Rate" ("SOFR®") für den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
erscheint, 
wobei 
ein 
Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR®" bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet:  
 
[∏(1 + SOFR®i−USBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode;

--- Page 207 ---
199 
"do" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen US 
Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließ-
lich des, ersten US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstages 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
"SOFR®i-pUSBD" 
bezeichnet für jeden US Staatsanleihen Bankge-
schäftstag in dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum 
den SOFR® Referenzsatz an dem US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag, der "p" US Staatsanleihen Bank-
geschäftstage vor dem jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungs-
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
welcher fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu 
dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf US Staats-
anleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf 
US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage vor einem 
solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem 
die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldver-
schreibungen] fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die "Euro short-term rate" 
("€STR®") für den jeweiligen TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag entspricht, die ab 
9.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei 
ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet wird. 
"Compounded Daily €STR®" bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als 
Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 + €STR®i−pTBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"do" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2-Bank-
geschäftstage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
"i" 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen

--- Page 208 ---
200 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag vom, und einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
"p" 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]. 
"ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
folgenden 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
"€STR®i-pTBD" 
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag in 
dem jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR® 
Referenzsatz an dem TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag, 
der "p" TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor dem 
jeweiligen TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag "i" liegt. 
"Beobachtungs-
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließ-
lich), welcher fünf TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis 
zu 
dem 
Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
fünf 
TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungs-
tag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der 
fünf TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibung-
en] fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
 
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten 
Zinszahltag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird anhand 
der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] 
Angebotssatz 
und 
des 
[Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] 
Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) 
jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite 
um 
11:00 
Uhr 
Brüsseler 
Zeit 
am 
entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation 
angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem 
Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz gebildet wird 
anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro 
Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite 
um 
11:00 
UhrBrüsseler 
Zeit 
am 
entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]

--- Page 209 ---
201 
[Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz angezeigt werden, so 
wird die Berechnungsstelle jede[r] Referenzbank bitten, ihren 
Satz, zu dem sie führenden Banken im Interbanken-Markt in der 
Euro-Zonegegen 11:00 Uhr, BrüsselerZeit, am entsprechenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen Betrags 
anbieten, zur Verfügung zu stellen. 
Falls mindestens zwei Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle 
solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für 
die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser 
Angebotssätze (falls erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten 
eintausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird). 
Falls an einem Zinsfeststellungstag nur eine oder keine 
Referenzbank der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellt, ist der entsprechende Referenzsatz das 
arithmetische Mittel (wie oben beschrieben gerundet) der Sätze, 
zu denen Großbanken in der Euro-Zone, die durch die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen ausgewählt wurden, 
gegen 11:00 Uhr Brüsseler Zeit an diesem Zinsfeststellungstag 
führenden europäischen Banken Darlehen in der Festgelegten 
Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines 
repräsentativen Betrags anbieten. 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England 
(der "Einlagenzinssatz"), 
der 
bei 
Geschäftsschluss am 
jeweiligen Londoner Bankgeschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der 
Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz 
der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® veröffentlicht wurde, 
mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr 
als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten 
Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es 
mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser 
niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, vorbehaltlich einer 
schriftlichen Anweisung von der Emittentin, dass die Bank of 
England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) 
zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in 
einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen 
Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von SONIA® für die Zwecke der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] anschlie-
ßen, so lange wie SONIA® nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist. 
Soweit 
Ergänzungen oder Änderungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
oder des Zahlstellenvertrages erforderlich sind, damit die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] diese Leitlinien zur Bestimmung des 
SONIA® befolgen kann, ist die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] nicht

--- Page 210 ---
202 
verpflichtet 
zu 
handeln, 
bis 
diese 
Ergänzungen 
oder 
Änderungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
diesen 
Anleihe-
bedingungen und dem Zahlstellenvertrag vorgenommen worden 
sind. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von der [Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt 
werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es 
keinen solchen vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] für einen Zeitraum von gleicher 
Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR® Index Einstellungs-
stichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR® des letzten US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstags, an dem der SOFR® auf der Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag 
vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen 
oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für den SOFR® vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, der vom Federal Reserve 
Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell 
eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für den 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer Federal Reserve 
Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden 
kann) vorzugeben, vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz 
innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstags nach dem 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz 
für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf 
SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf 
US Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New 
York Bankgeschäftstage wären, (iii) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Index Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index 
Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Index Einstellungsstichtage Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtage wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass 
wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis 
vorliegt, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder nach 
dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) 
Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC 
Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen 
Bankgeschäftstage Verweise auf New York Bankgeschäftstage 
wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite Verweise auf die 
Website der Federal Reserve wären.

--- Page 211 ---
203 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
"FOMC Target Rate" bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz 
festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das 
Federal 
Open 
Market 
Committee 
keinen 
einzelnen 
Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes 
festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (berechnet als 
arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
"U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen für festverzinsliche 
Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
"OBFR" bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die 
tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
vorangehenden 
New 
Yorker 
Bankge-
schäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines solchen 
Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen 
Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt wird. 
"OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag" bezeichnet in Bezug auf das 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an dem die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolge-
administrators der Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der Zeitpunkt, 
ab dem die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt 
werden kann.  
"OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die 
ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, 
welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolge-
administrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder

--- Page 212 ---
204 
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungs-
behörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die 
Anwendung der OBFR, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, 
verbietet. 
"SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag" meint in Bezug auf das 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolge-
administrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht 
mehr genutzt werden kann. 
"SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu 
dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin 
eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, 
welche 
hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
der 
Secured 
Overnight 
Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolge-
administrator existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
durch 
eine 
US 
Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, 
welche die Anwendung der Secured Overnight Financing Rate, 
die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar 
ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.]  
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
 
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
[Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
vorstehenden 
Absatzes 
soll 
sich 
[die 
Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, vorbehaltlich einer 
schriftlichen 
Anweisung 
von 
der 
Emittentin, dass die 
Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von 
€STR® oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i ersetzen soll, 
veröffentlicht, 
in 
einem 
Umfang, 
der 
vernünftigerweise 
praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur Bestimmung von €STR®i 
anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht 
worden ist. Soweit Ergänzungen oder Änderungen dieser

--- Page 213 ---
205 
Anleihebedingungen oder des Zahlstellenvertrages erforderlich 
sind, damit die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] diese Leitlinien zur 
Bestimmung des €STR®i befolgen kann, ist die [Berechnungs-
stelle] [●] nicht verpflichtet zu handeln, bis diese Ergänzungen 
oder 
Änderungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen und dem Zahlstellenvertrag vorgenommen 
worden sind. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von [der Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden 
kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten vorangegangenen 
Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz 
sein, der für solche [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldver-
schreibungen] für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, 
wären die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode 
bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
"Zinsfeststellungstag" bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere 
Zahl von Tagen einfügen] TARGET2] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® 
ist, einfügen: Londoner] [Falls der Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US 
Staatsanleihen][anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag [vor] 
[Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: 
"TARGET2-Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: "[Londoner] [Falls der 
Referenzssatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der 
Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der Referenzssatz der 
SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
"Bildschirmseite" ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese 
Seite ersetzende Seite). 
"Referenzbanken" sind vier Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-
Zone, die von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet 
die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des 
Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils 
aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung 
des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des [Euribor] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) 
durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden 
eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein "Einstellungsereignis"), soll der

--- Page 214 ---
206 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen von der Emittentin 
festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser 
Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-Referenzsatz"):  
(I) 
Der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine 
Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den 
[Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und für die Dauer des [Euribor] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] bekannt gegeben wird und der in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein 
solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit 
geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der 
jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder 
verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz 
ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) 
als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der 
relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz 
ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen 
Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines 
renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die 
mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, 
einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter 
Berücksichtigung der Dauer des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und 
der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf 
dem allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in Österreich 
festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in 
Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden 
soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der "maßgebliche Zeitpunkt") gilt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] als Bezugnahme 
auf den Nachfolge- Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes 
gelten entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend die Gläubiger 
gemäß § [9].  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
durch 
einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der 
Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags 
angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem 
wirtschaftlichen Gehalt [des Pfandbriefs][der Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das 
sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Gläubiger auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die 
Emittentin 
ersetzt 
werden 
kann, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
die

--- Page 215 ---
207 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] ganz [oder teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. Die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, 
zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin wird den Gläubigern gemäß § [9] eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten 
Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für 
die 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltende 
Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall 
eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge 
für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die 
zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, 
so dass er die Marge verringert.] [Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 
(Null)][●]. Sofern sich die Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] entscheidet, findet 
derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis 
Anwendung.] 
Die Berechnungsstelle ist in keinem Fall der Beauftragte der Emittentin in 
Bezug auf Bestimmungen in Bezug auf ein Einstellungsereignis. Die 
Berechnungsstelle haftet nicht für Feststellungen, die von oder im Namen der 
Emittentin oder ihrer Beauftragten im Zusammenhang mit einem 
Einstellungsereignis oder einem Ersatz von [Euribor] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] oder Anpassungen oder Änderungen daran getroffen werden. In 
Verbindung mit dem Vorstehenden ist die Berechnungsstelle berechtigt, sich 
auf die von der Emittentin oder ihrem Beauftragten getroffenen Feststellungen 
endgültig zu verlassen. 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
CMS 
Variabel 
Verzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen/Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap 
Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur 
Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag angezeigt wird, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.  
"Bildschirmseite" ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese 
Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung 
stehen oder kein [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant 
Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt werden, so wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres-
CMS-Sätze ungefähr zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze (falls erforderlich, 
gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei

--- Page 216 ---
208 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste (oder, bei mehreren höchsten, 
eines davon) und das niedrigste (oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, eines davon) 
Angebot gestrichen werden.  
"Referenzsatzzeit " ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
"Referenzbanken" sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, 
die von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden. 
"Zinsfeststellungstag" ist der [zweite] [erste][letzte] [andere Anzahl einfügen] 
[TARGET2] [London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag 
[vor dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im 
Fall 
von 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftsstag 
einfügen: 
"TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer-System 
(TARGET2).] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht 
mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator 
oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) 
der Referenzsatz anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein "Einstellungs-
ereignis"), soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten 
Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen ersetzt werden ("Nachfolge-Referenzsatz"):  
(I) 
Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch 
den Administrator des Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine 
Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolge-Referenzsatz für den 
Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt gegeben wird und 
der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge-Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(II) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als 
Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder 
(falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(III) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz 
(x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, 
oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
(IV) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der 
Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber 
nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen 
Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt

--- Page 217 ---
209 
erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu 
vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des 
Referenzsatzes und der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer 
Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten 
Zeitpunkt in Österreich festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in 
Verbindung mit einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden 
soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). Ab dem Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
des Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes (der "maßgebliche Zeitpunkt") gilt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom 
maßgeblichen 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. 
Die Emittentin informiert anschließend die Gläubiger gemäß § [9].  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch 
oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei 
der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein 
Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt [des Pfandbriefs] 
[der 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibung] 
vor 
Eintritt 
des 
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen 
Nachteil der Gläubiger auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben 
beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden 
kann, kann die Emittentin die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die [Pfandbriefe] 
[Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
werden 
entsprechend 
der 
Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § [9] eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz ab dem ersten 
Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für 
die 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltende 
Zinssatz][der 
Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall 
eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge 
für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die 
zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, 
so dass er die Marge verringert.] [Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 
(Null)][●]. Sofern sich die Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] entscheidet, findet 
derselbe Zinssatz ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis 
Anwendung.]

--- Page 218 ---
210 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben, der 
maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Falle eines Faktors einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]], [Im 
Falle einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
"ISDA-Satz" bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz entspricht, 
der vom Calculation Agent im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion bestimmt werden würde, 
wenn der Calculation Agent für diese Swap-Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, 
und zwar gemäß den Bestimmungen einer Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate and 
Currency Derivative Definitions von 2006 in der zum Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und 
von der International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter 
www.isda.org 
(oder 
einer 
Nachfolgewebsite) 
veröffentlichten 
Fassung 
(die 
"ISDA 
Definitionen") zum Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem 
Euro-Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz ("Euribor") für eine Währung basiert: der erste Tag 
dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine Währung 
nicht auf dem Euribor beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) "Variabler Zinssatz" (Floating Rate), 
"Berechnungsstelle" (Calculation Agent), "Variable Zinssatz-Option" (Floating Rate Option), 
"Bezeichnete Laufzeit" (Designated Maturity) und "Reset-Datum" (Reset Date) dieselbe 
Bedeutung, die diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) bezeichnet 
"Euro-Zone" die Staaten und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des 
Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, 
aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
(3) 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
 
(3) 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen 
ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen].]] 
[(3)][(4)] Der Zinsbetrag (der "Zinsbetrag") wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet, indem das Produkt 
aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] 
multipliziert wird. 
[(4)][(5)] Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der Hauptzahlstelle 
und jeder Börse, an der die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse verlangen, 
baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage einfügen] auf 
die Berechnung folgenden Bankgeschäftstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder

--- Page 219 ---
211 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können nach billigem Ermessen der Berechnungsstelle der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder 
gehandelt werden, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § [9] mitgeteilt. 
"Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, 
einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro 
ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen]] abwickeln. 
[(5)][(6)] 
"Zinstagequotient" ist  
 [Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] für jeden Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, 
falls ein Teil dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden 
Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] für jeden Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] für jeden Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] für jeden Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 220 ---
212 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer 
als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] für jeden Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall 
D2 gleich 30 ist.] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] für jeden Zeitraum (den "Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der 
nachfolgenden Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
"Y1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
















360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2








--- Page 221 ---
213 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
"D2" ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des 
Februars, jedoch nicht der Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 
gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.]] 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon Pfandbriefen/ Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
(1) 
Während ihrer Laufzeit erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen]. 
(2) 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet für die Berechnung des auf [einen Pfandbrief][eine Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibung] 
entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags 
für 
jeglichen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Berechnungszeitraum"): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird.] 
§ 4 
(Rückzahlung) 
(1) 
Die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] werden, es sei denn, sie wurden gemäß § 4 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt, am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") in Höhe [der Festgelegten 
Stückelung][des Gesamtnennbetrags] (der "Rückzahlungsbetrag") zur Rückzahlung fällig. 
 [Falls die Pfandbriefe und die Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-
Option) vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum 
einfügen]] 
([der][jedes 
dieser 
Daten 
ein] 
"Kündigungstermin") 
die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
vollständig 
[oder 
teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
mindestens 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankgeschäftstage)][Bankgeschäftstage 
(wie 
[nachstehend 
in 
§ 5(2)][oben 
in 
§ 3 [(4)][(5)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche 
Rückzahlung gemäß § [9] mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und gibt den 
[betreffenden] 
Kündigungstermin 
an. 
Die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] werden zum [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, 
gemäß den Vorschriften des § 5 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag") [je 
[Pfandbrief][Fundierter 
Bankschuldverschreibung]] 
[der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen]] ist [ihre Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] 
[wie folgt:

--- Page 222 ---
214 
Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, der/die nicht unterhalb des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen]]] 
 
[Falls die Emittentin kein Wahlrecht hat, Pfandbriefe und Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: 
 
(2) 
Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
Die Emittentin hat kein Recht, die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen.] 
(3)  
Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] zu verlangen.  
 
§ 5 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin einschließlich aller Zinsen, die 
bis zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen[.] [oder]] 
Die in diesem Absatz (1) genannten Beträge sowie alle weiteren gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 
0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die 
festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- 
oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] werden]  
(2) 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] (der "Zahltag") auf einen Tag, der kein Bankgeschäftstag ist, dann: 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
 
haben die Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag.] 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag 
vorgezogen.]

--- Page 223 ---
215 
[Im Fall der Floating Rate Convention einfügen:  
 
haben die Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall (i) wird ein Zinszahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahltag der jeweils letzte 
Bankgeschäftstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume 
einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahltag liegt.] 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankgeschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
 
Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf Grund 
einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
  
Falls 
die 
Fälligkeit 
einer 
Zahlung, 
wie 
oben 
beschrieben, 
[vorgezogen 
wird][oder][verschoben wird], werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[Im Falle von fix verzinslichen Pfandbriefe/Bankschuldverschreibungen and Null Koupon 
Pfandbriefe/Bankschuldverschreibungen, einfügen: "Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder 
wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet 
[ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren einfügen] abwickeln.] 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, enfügen: "TARGET2" ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).]] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearing System zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger. Die Zahlung an das Clearing System befreit die 
Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den [Pfandbriefen][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen]. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den [Pfandbriefen][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] bei 
Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der fällige Betrag vom Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der tatsächlichen Zahlung (ausschließlich) weiterhin in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen 
Zinssatzes verzinst. Dies lässt darüberhinausgehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger unberührt.  
§ 6 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo Building 
– Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [andere Person, die 
als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die Hauptzahlstelle (die "Hauptzahlstelle"). Die 
Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die "Zahlstellen") ernennen und die Ernennung von 
Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß § [9] mitzuteilen. 
 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].]

--- Page 224 ---
216 
[(2) 
Die [The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5AL, England] [The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo Building 
– Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [andere Person, die 
als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die Berechnungsstelle (die "Berechnungsstelle").] 
([2][3]) Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder die Berechnungsstelle] 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine 
andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle][, bzw. eine 
andere Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle] zu ernennen. Eine 
Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist 
von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § [9] mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den [Pfandbriefen][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, [übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern und stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. 
([4][5]) Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der der 
Berechnungsstelle endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Gläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 7 
(Steuern)  
Sämtliche Kapital- und/oder Zinszahlungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder wegen gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger 
Steuern, Abgaben oder Gebühren welcher Art auch immer, die von der Republik Österreich oder in ihrem 
Namen erhoben werden, zu leisten, oder einer politischen Untergliederung oder einer Behörde davon oder 
darin mit Steuerbefugnis (oder, in Bezug auf FATCA, den Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika oder einer ihrer 
Behörde), es sei denn, die Einbehaltung oder der Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben (einschließlich gemäß 
aller Vereinbarungen, die sich auf die Paragraphen 1471 bis 1474 des Kodex beziehen, einschließlich aller 
unter Paragraphen 1471(b) beschriebenen Vereinbarungen). 
[Falls Gläubigerversammlungen, Änderungen und Verzicht anwendbar sein sollen, einfügen: 
 
§ 8 
(Gläubigerversammlung, Änderung und Verzicht) 
(1) 
Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. 
Die Gläubiger können gemäß den nachstehenden Bestimmungen durch einen Beschluss mit der 
nachstehend 
bestimmten 
Mehrheit 
über 
bestimmte 
Gegenstände 
eine 
Änderung 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind 
für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(2) 
Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss insbesondere folgenden Maßnahmen zustimmen: 
(a) 
der Veränderung der Fälligkeit, der Verringerung oder dem Ausschluss der Zinsen; 
(b) 
der Veränderung der Fälligkeit der Hauptforderung; 
(c) 
der Verringerung der Hauptforderung; 
(d) 
Nachrangigkeit 
der 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
[Pfandbriefen][Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] im Insolvenzverfahren der Emittentin; 
(e) 
Umwandlung oder Umtausch der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] in 
Aktien, andere Wertpapiere oder andere Leistungsversprechen; 
(f) 
der Änderung der Währung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen]; 
(g) 
dem Verzicht auf das Kündigungsrecht der Gläubiger oder dessen Beschränkung;

--- Page 225 ---
217 
(h) 
der Schuldnerersetzung; und 
(i) 
der Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen]. 
(3) 
Einberufung der Gläubigerversammlung. 
Die Gläubigerversammlung wird von der Emittentin oder von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der 
Gläubiger einberufen. Sie ist einzuberufen, wenn Gläubiger, deren [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] zusammen 5 Prozent der ausstehenden [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] erreichen, dies schriftlich mit der Begründung verlangen, sie wollten 
einen gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellen oder abberufen, sie wollten über das Entfallen der Wirkung 
der Kündigung beschließen oder sie hätten ein sonstiges besonderes Interesse an der Einberufung. 
(4) 
Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
In der Einberufung müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin und die Zeit der 
Gläubigerversammlung, die Tagesordnung sowie die Bedingungen angeben werden, von denen die 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung des Stimmrechts abhängen. Die 
Einberufung ist gemäß § [9] bekanntzumachen. 
(5) 
Frist, Nachweis. 
Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Kalendertage vor dem Kalendertag der Versammlung 
einzuberufen. Als Nachweis für die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung ist ein 
in Textform erstellter besonderer Nachweis des Clearingsystems oder der Depotbank des Gläubigers 
beizubringen. 
(6) 
Tagesordnung. 
Zu jedem Gegenstand, über den die Gläubigerversammlung beschließen soll, hat der Einberufende in 
der Tagesordnung einen Vorschlag zur Beschlussfassung zu machen. Die Tagesordnung der 
Gläubigerversammlung ist mit der Einberufung bekannt zu machen. Über Gegenstände der 
Tagesordnung, die nicht in der vorgeschriebenen Weise bekannt gemacht sind, dürfen Beschlüsse 
nicht gefasst werden. Gläubiger, deren [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
zusammen 5 Prozent der ausstehenden [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
erreichen, können verlangen, dass neue Gegenstände zur Beschlussfassung bekannt gemacht werden. 
Diese neuen Gegenstände müssen spätestens am dritten Kalendertag vor der Gläubigerversammlung 
bekannt gemacht sein. Gegenanträge, die ein Gläubiger vor der Versammlung angekündigt hat, muss 
die Emittentin unverzüglich bis zum Kalendertag der Gläubigerversammlung im Internet auf ihrer 
Internetseite ("www.bankaustria.at") den Gläubigern zugänglich machen. 
(7) 
Beschlussfähigkeit. 
Durch den Vorsitzenden ist ein Verzeichnis der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Gläubiger 
aufzustellen. Im Verzeichnis sind die Gläubiger unter Angabe ihres Namens, Sitzes oder Wohnorts 
sowie der Zahl der von jedem vertretenen Stimmrechte aufzuführen. Das Verzeichnis ist vom 
Vorsitzenden der Versammlung zu unterschreiben und allen Gläubigern unverzüglich zugänglich zu 
machen. Die Gläubigerversammlung ist beschlussfähig, wenn die Anwesenden wertmäßig mindestens 
die Hälfte der ausstehenden [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] vertreten. Wird in 
der Gläubigerversammlung die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung zum Zweck der erneuten Beschlussfassung einberufen. Die zweite 
Versammlung ist beschlussfähig; für Beschlüsse, zu deren Wirksamkeit eine qualifizierte Mehrheit 
erforderlich 
ist, 
müssen 
die 
Anwesenden 
mindestens 
25 
Prozent 
der 
ausstehenden 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
vertreten. 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen], deren Stimmrechte ruhen, zählen nicht zu den ausstehenden. 
(8) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen dieser Emissions-
bedingungen, insbesondere über die oben in § 8 (2) lit (a) bis (i) aufgeführten Maßnahmen. 
Beschlüsse, durch die der wesentliche Inhalt dieser Emissionsbedingungen nicht geändert wird,

--- Page 226 ---
218 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(9) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
durchgeführt. Die Abstimmung wird vom Abstimmungsleiter geleitet. Abstimmungsleiter ist ein von 
der Emittentin beauftragter Notar oder der gemeinsame Vertreter der Gläubiger, wenn er zu der 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat. In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, 
innerhalb dessen die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem 
Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung muss im Einzelnen angegeben werden, 
welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die Stimmen gezählt werden. Der 
Abstimmungsleiter stellt die Berechtigung zur Stimmabgabe anhand der eingereichten Nachweise fest 
und erstellt ein Verzeichnis der stimmberechtigten Gläubiger. Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit nicht 
festgestellt, kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine Gläubigerversammlung einberufen; die Versammlung 
gilt als zweite Versammlung im Sinne des § 8(7). Über jeden in der Abstimmung gefassten Beschluss 
ist durch einen Notar eine Niederschrift aufzunehmen. Jeder Gläubiger, der an der Abstimmung 
teilgenommen hat, kann binnen eines Jahres nach Ablauf des Abstimmungszeitraums von der 
Emittentin eine Abschrift der Niederschrift nebst Anlagen verlangen. Jeder Gläubiger, der an der 
Abstimmung teilgenommen hat, kann gegen das Ergebnis schriftlich Widerspruch erheben binnen 
zwei Wochen nach Bekanntmachung der Beschlüsse. Über den Widerspruch entscheidet der 
Abstimmungsleiter. Gibt er dem Widerspruch statt, hat er das Ergebnis unverzüglich bekannt zu 
machen; § 8(13) gilt entsprechend. Gibt der Abstimmungsleiter dem Widerspruch nicht statt, hat er 
dies dem widersprechenden Gläubiger unverzüglich schriftlich mitzuteilen. 
(10) 
Stimmrecht. 
An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder solche Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennbetrags an 
den ausstehenden [Pfandbriefen][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Anteile der Emittentin oder einer ihrer Tochtergesellschaften zustehen oder für Rechnung 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gehalten 
werden. 
Die 
Emittentin 
darf 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen], deren Stimmrechte ruhen, einem anderen nicht 
zu dem Zweck überlassen, die Stimmrechte an ihrer Stelle auszuüben; dies gilt auch für 
Tochtergesellschaften und niemand darf das Stimmrecht zu diesem Zweck ausüben. Niemand darf 
dafür, dass eine stimmberechtigte Person bei einer Gläubigerversammlung oder einer Abstimmung 
nicht oder in einem bestimmten Sinne stimme, Vorteile als Gegenleistung anbieten, versprechen oder 
gewähren. Wer stimmberechtigt ist, darf dafür, dass er bei einer Gläubigerversammlung oder einer 
Abstimmung nicht oder in einem bestimmten Sinne stimme, keinen Vorteil und keine Gegenleistung 
fordern, sich versprechen lassen oder annehmen. 
(11) 
Leitung der Abstimmung. 
Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame 
Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet (der "Vorsitzende"). 
(12) 
Abstimmung, Niederschrift. 
Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des österreichischen 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung entsprechend 
anzuwenden. Jeder Beschluss der Gläubigerversammlung bedarf zu seiner Gültigkeit der 
Beurkundung durch eine über die Verhandlung aufgenommene Niederschrift. Die Niederschrift ist 
durch einen Notar aufzunehmen. 
(13) 
Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter Form öffentlich 
bekannt zu machen. Die Beschlüsse sind unverzüglich gemäß § 11 zu veröffentlichen. Außerdem hat 
die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein Gläubigerbeschluss diese 
Emissionsbedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der ursprünglichen Emissionsbedingungen vom 
Kalendertag nach der Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von mindestens einem Monat auf ihrer 
Internetseite ("www.bankaustria.at") zugänglich zu machen.

--- Page 227 ---
219 
(14) 
Vollziehung von Beschlüssen. 
Beschlüsse der Gläubigerversammlung, durch welche der Inhalt dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
abgeändert oder ergänzt wird, sind in der Weise zu vollziehen, dass die maßgebliche Globalurkunde 
ergänzt oder geändert wird. Im Fall der Verwahrung der Globalurkunde durch eine 
Wertpapiersammelbank hat der Vorsitzende oder Abstimmungsleiter dazu den in der Niederschrift 
dokumentierten Beschlussinhalt an die Wertpapiersammelbank zu übermitteln mit dem Ersuchen, die 
eingereichten Dokumente den vorhandenen Dokumenten in geeigneter Form beizufügen. Er hat 
gegenüber der Wertpapiersammelbank zu versichern, dass der Beschluss vollzogen werden darf. 
(15) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen bestellt wird, einfügen: Die 
Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[Falls ein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen bestellt wird, einfügen: Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist 
[Namen und Adresse des gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, die ihm von den Gläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er 
zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu 
berichten. Der gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Gläubigern als Gesamtgläubigern für die 
ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben; bei seiner Tätigkeit hat er die Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
und gewissenhaften Vertreters anzuwenden. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters kann durch 
Beschluss der Gläubiger beschränkt werden. Über die Geltendmachung von Ersatzansprüchen der 
Gläubiger gegen den gemeinsamen Vertreter entscheiden die Gläubiger. Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
kann von den Gläubigern jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen abberufen werden. Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter kann von der Emittentin verlangen, alle Auskünfte zu erteilen, die zur Erfüllung der ihm 
übertragenen Aufgaben erforderlich sind.] 
§ [9] 
(Mitteilungen) 
Im Fall von börsenotierten Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Webseite der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] sind, 
soweit gesetzlich erforderlich, in einem Börsenpflichtblatt in [Luxemburg (Luxemburger 
Wort)][Wien (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung)] zu veröffentlichen mit der Ausnahme, dass, wenn 
und soweit die Regeln der Wiener Börse dies zulassen, Mitteilungen hinsichtlich solcher 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierter Bankschuldverschreibungen] seitens der Emittentin durch Zustellung der 
betreffenden Mitteilung (gegebenenfalls) an OeKB erfolgen dürfen.][andere Börse und 
Börsenpflichtblatt einfügen]. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die 
Mitteilungen in einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt in [Luxemburg][Wien][andere Börse einfügen] 
gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]

--- Page 228 ---
220 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Webseite der maßgeblichen Börse bewirkt 
werden dürfen, einfügen: 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] werden 
[zusätzlich] durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Webseite der [maßgebliche Börse] 
(www.[URL einfügen]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum 
(oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) 
als bewirkt.] 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
[Im Fall von nicht börsenotierten Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
 
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] dem Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an 
die Gläubiger. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Wiener] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankgeschäftstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Gläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von börsenotierten Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die 
Emittentin die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche 
Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Wiener] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankgeschäftstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an 
die Gläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag einfügen: "TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstag" ist ein Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankgeschäftstagen: "[Wiener] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankgeschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in [Wien] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.].] 
 
§ [10] 
(Rückkauf) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen] am Markt oder 
auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen] können nach Ermessen der Emittentin von der 
Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung übermittelt werden. 
§ [11] 
(Verjährung) 
Ansprüche 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
auf 
Zahlungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] verjähren und werden unwirksam, wenn diese nicht innerhalb von zehn Jahren 
(im Falle des Kapitals) und innerhalb von drei Jahren (im Falle von Zinsen) ab dem maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht werden. 
§ [12] 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Bedingungen der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] ganz 
oder teilweise unwirksam oder undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon 
unberührt. Eine in Folge Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Bedingungen der [Pfandbriefe]

--- Page 229 ---
221 
[Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] entstehende Lücke ist durch eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser 
Bedingungen der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ [13] 
(Rechtswahl, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] und alle außervertraglichen Schuldver-
hältnisse, die sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] 
ergeben, 
unterliegen 
österreichischem 
Recht 
unter 
Ausschluss 
seiner 
Kollisionsnormen, soweit diese zur Anwendung fremden Rechts führen würden, und werden in 
Übereinstimmung mit österreichischem Recht ausgelegt. 
(2) 
Erfüllungsort ist Wien, Österreich. 
(3) 
Die für den ersten Wiener Gemeindebezirk, Österreich, zuständigen Gerichte sind zuständig für die 
Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den [Pfandbriefen][Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] entstehen können. Dementsprechend können nur bei diesen Gerichten alle Klagen 
oder Verfahren, die aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den [Pfandbriefen][Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] entstehen (die "Verfahren"), anhängig gemacht werden. Die Emittentin unterwirft 
sich unwiderruflich der Gerichtsbarkeit dieser Gerichte und verzichtet auf jeden Einwand gegen 
Verfahren vor diesen Gerichten, sei es aus Gründen des Gerichtsstands oder weil das Verfahren in 
einem ungünstigen Forum eingeleitet wurde. 
Diese Gerichtsstandsklausel gilt nicht für Verbraucher, die in Österreich wohnen, ihren gewöhnlichen 
Aufenthalt haben oder beschäftigt sind. Der allgemeine Gerichtsstand in Österreich für Klagen eines 
Verbrauchers oder gegen einen Verbraucher, die zum Zeitpunkt des Vertragsabschlusses gesetzlich 
vorgesehen sind, bleibt auch dann bestehen, wenn der Verbraucher nach Vertragsabschluss seinen 
Wohnsitz ins Ausland verlegt und österreichische Gerichtsentscheidungen in diesem Land vollstreckbar 
sind. 
Unberührt bleiben weiters die Rechte von Verbrauchern nach den Bestimmungen des europäischen 
Zivilprozessrechts, die ihren Wohnsitz in einem anderen Mitgliedstaat der Europäischen Union als 
Österreich oder in einem Drittstaat haben, die Emittentin vor den Gerichten des Staates zu klagen, in 
dem sie ihren Wohnsitz haben, bzw. das Recht, dass Verfahren gegen sie nur vor dem Gericht des 
Staates, in dem sie ihren Wohnsitz haben, geführt werden können. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
(4) 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(4) 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 230 ---
222 
PART B 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE PFANDBRIEFE AND THE COVERED BANK 
BONDS  
 
(MUSTER-ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN DER PFANDBRIEFE UND FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
 
Terms used in the final terms below (the "Final Terms") shall be deemed to be defined as such for the 
purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus (and the Supplements thereto, if any) (the "Terms and Conditions").  
Die in den nachfolgenden endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") verwendeten Begriffe 
haben 
die 
gleiche 
Bedeutung 
wie 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen 
der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] im Basisprospekt (sowie in den dazugehörigen Nachträgen, soweit vorhanden) 
(die "Anleihebedingungen"). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT 
AN 
PRIVATINVESTOREN 
IM 
EWR– 
Die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum (der "EWR") angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden 
und die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im 
EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im 
Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die "MiFID II"); oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die "EU-Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von 
Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II, oder (iii) nicht als qualifizierter Anleger, wie in der 
Prospektverordnung definiert, einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "PRIIPS Verordnung") für 
Angebote, 
Vertrieb 
und 
die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung 
der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] an Privatinvestoren im EWR erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte 
das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] an Privatinvestoren im EWR nach der PRIIPS-Verordnung unzulässig sein.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
                                                     
 
1  
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area” as “Not Applicable”. 
2  
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen „Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum“ für „Nicht anwendbar“ erklären.

--- Page 231 ---
223 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
sind 
nicht 
dazu 
bestimmt, 
dass 
sie 
Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden und die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] sollen 
dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im UK nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens 
einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 
von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) oder ein Kunde im Sinne des Bestimmungen des Financial 
Services and Markets Acts 2000 in der jeweils gültigen Fassung ("FSMA") und im Sinne der Regeln und 
Regularien, die nach dem FSMA zur Umsetzung von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU erlassen worden sind, der 
nicht als professioneller Anleger wie in Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014, die aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein 
Anleger, der nicht als qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129, die 
aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK Prospektverordnung") einzustufen ist. 
Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, die aufgrund 
des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPS Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb und 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] an 
Privatinvestoren erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung 
von 
[Pfandbriefen][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
an 
Privatinvestoren im UK nach der UK PRIIPS Verordnung unzulässig sein.]4  
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and 
retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].[Insert further details on target market, client 
categories etc.]  
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem 
                                                     
 
3  
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors". 
4  
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 232 ---
224 
Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden [und Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen 
Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder 
durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick 
Geeignetheit 
bzw. 
Angemessenheit], 
zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere 
Einzelheiten 
bezüglich 
Zielmarkt, 
Kundenkategorien etc einfügen.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES [ONLY TARGET MARKET]] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET 
MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and all channels for 
distribution of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][Insert further details on target 
market, client categories etc.]5 
 
[UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis 
geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] geeignete 
Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert[,] [und] 
professionelle Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die aufgrund des European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und Kleinanleger, wie in Artikel 2 
Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil 
des nationalen Rechts ist], umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede 
Person, die in der Folge die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
                                                     
 
5  
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to 
UK MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers.

--- Page 233 ---
225 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][Weitere 
Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc einfügen.]6 
 
The Final Terms are divided into a "Part I" and a "Part II". 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen sind gegliedert in einen "Teil I" sowie in einen "Teil II". 
In Part I of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions will be completed and specified by the information 
contained in Part I as follows: 
In Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Anleihebedingungen durch die in Teil I enthaltenen 
Angaben vervollständigt und spezifiziert. Dabei gilt: 
(a) 
In the case of "Type A" Final Terms, the following applies:  
 
The completed and specified provisions of the Terms and Conditions represents the conditions 
applicable to the relevant Series of [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (the "Conditions"). 
Im Fall von "Typ A" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt:  
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen stellen für die 
betreffende Serie von [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] die Bedingungen dar (die 
"Bedingungen"). 
(b) 
In the case of "Type B" Final Terms, the following applies:  
The Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to be read together with, Part I of these 
Final Terms represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] (the "Conditions"). 
Im Fall von "Typ B" Endgültigen Bedingungen gilt: 
Die Anleihebedingungen, vervollständigt und spezifiziert durch und in Verbindung mit Teil I dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen stellen für die betreffende Serie von [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] die Bedingungen dar (die "Bedingungen"). 
Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions that apply to 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] (Fixed Rate [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds], Floating Rate 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] and Zero Coupon [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]) set forth in 
the Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Der Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit den im Basisprospekt enthaltenen 
Anleihebedingungen, die auf [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen] (Festverzinsliche 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen], Variabel Verzinsliche [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen], 
Nullkupon 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen]) 
Anwendung finden, zu lesen. Großgeschriebene Begriffe haben die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
verwendete Bedeutung. 
All references in Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf 
die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the Final Terms as if such information was inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All 
provisions in the Terms and Conditions which are not selected and not completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to 
the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. 
Die Platzhalter in den auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Optionen der Anleihebedingungen, die nicht durch die in den 
                                                     
 
6  
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt.

--- Page 234 ---
226 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgewählt und ausgefüllt wurden, gelten als in den 
auf die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] anwendbaren Bedingungen gestrichen. 
Part II of the Final Terms contains all other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and 
Conditions and which apply to all [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]. 
In Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind alle sonstigen Bedingungen enthalten, die nicht in den 
Anleihebedingungen einzusetzen sind und die für alle [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
gelten.

--- Page 235 ---
227 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
dated [] 
vom [●] 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Legal Entity Identifier: D1HEB8VEU6D9M8ZUXG17 
Issue of [Title of the Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds] 
(the "[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]")  
Emission von [Bezeichnung der Pfandbriefe/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen]  
(die "[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen]") 
Issue Price: [] per cent. [insert information with regard to accrued interest in case of an increase of 
Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds]  
Ausgabepreis: []% [Informationen zu aufgelaufenen Zinsen einfügen bei einer Aufstockung einer Serie 
von Pfandbriefe/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
Series number [] 
Seriennummer [] 
Tranche number [] 
Tranchennummer [] 
Trade Date: [●] 
Handelstag: [●] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds] issued on [●])] 
[(die mit [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Pfandbriefe/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
begeben am [●] konsolidiert werden, eine einheitliche Serie bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen)] 
under the 
€ 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
 
Im Rahmen des 
€ 40.000.000.000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programms 
der UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. In order to obtain all relevant 
information, the Final Terms are to be read together with the information contained in [(a)] the base 
prospectus dated 31 March 2021 (the "Base Prospectus" which can be found on the following website: 
www.bankaustria.at) [and (b) the supplement[s] dated [●] to the Prospectus (the "Supplements" which can be 
found on the following website: www.bankaustria.at]. These Final Terms will be published on the website of 
the [Vienna Stock Exchange (www.wienerborse.at)][Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)][insert 
other stock exchange] and/or on the website of the Issuer (www.bankaustria.at). 
Dieses Dokument stellt die Endgültigen Bedingungen der hierin beschriebenen [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] gemäß Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung dar. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen müssen, um alle relevanten Informationen zu erhalten,

--- Page 236 ---
228 
zusammen mit den Informationen gelesen werden, die [(a)] im Basisprospekt vom 31. März 2021 
(der "Basisprospekt", der auf der folgenden Webseite erhältlich ist: www.bankaustria.at) [und (b) in [dem 
Nachtrag] [den Nachträgen] vom [●] zu diesem Basisprospekt (die "Nachträge" die auf der folgenden 
Webseite erhältlich sind: www.bankaustria.at)] enthalten sind. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen werden auf 
der Webseite der [Wiener Börse (www.wienerborse.at)][Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu)][andere Börse 
einfügen] und/ oder auf der Webseite der Emittentin www.bankaustria.at) veröffentlicht. 
[An issue-specific summary of the overall parameters of the individual issue of [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] is annexed to these Final Terms.]7  
[Eine Zusammenfassung der allgemeinen Parameter der Einzelemissionen von [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]8 
Part I 
Teil I 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] are to be 
determined by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders ("Type A" 
Final Terms), the following paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
[[Falls die für die betreffenden [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] geltenden Optionen 
durch Wiederholung der betreffenden Bestimmungen des Basisprospekts einschließlich bestimmter 
weiterer darin enthaltener Optionen und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Platzhalter (("Typ A" 
Endgültige Bedingungen) bestimmt werden sollen, gelten die folgenden Absätze.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the English language version. [A non-
binding German language translation thereof will be provided together with the English language version.]] 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind wie nachfolgend in der englischsprachigen 
Version aufgeführt. [Eine unverbindliche deutschsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der 
englischsprachigen Version geliefert.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are set out in the German language version. [A non-binding 
English language translation thereof will be provided together with the German language version.]]: 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind in der deutschsprachigen Version aufgeführt. 
[Eine unverbindliche englischsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der deutschsprachigen Version 
geliefert.]] 
 
§ 1 
Series, Form, Further Issuances 
Serie, Form, Weitere Emissionen 
Series:  
[Up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount of 
Series] 
Serie: 
[Bis zu] [Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie einfügen] 
Tranche:  
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche]  
Tranche: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche einfügen] 
Issue Date:  
[insert Issue Date]  
Ausgabetag 
[Emissionstag einfügen] 
Specified Currency:  
[Euro ("EUR")] [insert Specified Currency]  
Festgelegte Währung 
[Euro ("EUR")] [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] 
                                                     
 
7  
Insert in the case of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds with a denomination per unit of less than € 100,000.  
8  
Im Fall von Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung von weniger als € 100.000 einfügen.

--- Page 237 ---
229 
Aggregate Principal Amount:  
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Specified Denomination:  
[insert Specified Denomination]  
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
Clearing System: 
 
Clearing System: 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 
65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 65760 Eschborn 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Luxembourg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Luxemburg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxemburg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
B-1210 Brussels 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
B-1210 Brüssel 
 
 
OeKB CSD GmbH 
 
Strauchgasse 3 
 
1010 Vienna 
 
OeKB CSD GmbH 
 
Strauchgasse 3 
 
1010 Vienna 
 
 
Other: 
[insert different Clearing System] 
Andere: 
[anderes Clearing System einfügen] 
§ 2 
Status 
Status 
 Mortgage Pfandbriefe  
Hypothekenpfandbriefe 
 
 Public Pfandbriefe  
Öffentliche Pfandbriefe 
 
 Mortgage Covered Bank Bonds 
Hypothekarisch 
besicherte 
Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
 
 Public Covered Bank Bonds 
Öffentlich 
besicherte 
Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen

--- Page 238 ---
230 
§ 3 
Interest 
Zinsen 
 
Fixed Rate [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] 
 
Festverzinsliche [Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert First Interest Payment Date] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[Ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a first 
[short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
 
[Anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in the 
case of a first [short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen auf 
den Gesamtnennbetrag pro [Serie][Tranche]) 
(im Falle eines [kurzen][langen] ersten 
Kupons): 
 
 
 
[Anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) (in the case of a last 
[short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Interest Payment Date preceding the 
Maturity Date] 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
Festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
[Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, 
einfügen] 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Final Broken Amount (per Aggregate 
Principal Amount of [Series][Tranche]) (in the 
case of a last [short][long] coupon): 
 
 
[insert Interest Payment Date preceding the 
Maturity Date] 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf den Gesamtnennbetrag pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
 
[Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, 
einfügen] 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar]] 
Interest Rate: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum. 
Zinssatz: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum

--- Page 239 ---
231 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]] 
Interest Amount: 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and 
the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
Zinsbetrag: 
Produkt aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient 
multipliziert mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] 
[dem Gesamtnennbetrag] 
 
Floating Rate [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] 
 
Variabel Verzinsliche 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
[Specified Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Dates] [of each 
year] [and the Maturity Date] 
Feste[r] Zinszahlungstag[e]: 
[Feste(n) Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag]] 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date] 
Erster Zinszahltag: 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen]] 
[Specified Interest Periods: 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date 
in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date[, and the 
Maturity Date] 
Feste Zinsperioden: 
[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem 
vorangegangenen Zinszahltag 
im Fall des ersten Zinszahltags, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
liegt 
[, 
sowie 
der 
Fälligkeitstag] 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
[Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge 
einfügen] 
% 
pro 
Jahr] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Minus 
 
[ 
Floating 
Rate 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Covered Bank Bonds] where 
interest is linked to the [Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)®] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®][€STR®] 
 
Variabel 
Verzinsliche 
[Pfand-
briefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuld-

--- Page 240 ---
232 
verschreibungen], bei denen die 
Verzinsung 
von 
der 
[Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)®] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] abhängt 
[ 
Euribor (Brussels time / 
TARGET2 Banking Day / 
Interbank market in the 
Euro-Zone) 
 
 
 
[insert term(s)][●] 
Euribor (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 Bankgeschäfts-
tag / Interbanken-Markt in 
der Euro-Zone): 
 
 
 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any 
successor screen page 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Specified 
Currency 
Financial Centre: 
 
[insert relevant financial centre] 
Finanzzentrum 
der 
Festgelegten Währung: 
 
[Finanzzentrum 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
einfügen]] 
[ 
SONIA (London time / 
London Banking Day) 
 
SONIA® (Londoner Zeit / 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number 
of 
London 
Banking Days "p" 
 
Anzahl 
der 
Londoner 
Bankgeschäftstage "p"] 
 
[ 
SOFR (New York time / 
US Government Securities 
Banking Day) 
 
SOFR® (New Yorker Zeit / 
US Staatsanleihen Bank-
geschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number of US Govern-
ment Securities Banking 
Days "p" 
 
Anzahl der US Staats-
anleihen 
Bankgeschäfts-
tage "p"] 
 
[ 
€STR (Brussels time /

--- Page 241 ---
233 
TARGET2 Banking Day) 
€STR® (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstag) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Number 
of 
TARGET2 
Banking Days "p" 
[●] 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2 
Bankgeschäftstage "p" 
 
[●]] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last [short][long] 
coupon] 
 
[Linear 
interpolation 
between 
the 
[insert 
number] month [Euribor] offered rate and the 
[insert number] month [Euribor] offered rate 
which appears on the Screen Page as of 
11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, 
insert: Brussels] time.] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten [kurzen][langen] Kupon] 
 
[Interpolation zwischen [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor-] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats-[Euribor-] Angebotssatz, der jeweils auf 
der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des 
Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] Zeit 
angezeigt wird.] 
Interest Determination Date: 
[first] [second] [last] [other number of days] 
[TARGET2] [London] [other financial centre 
(specify)] 
Banking 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[erster] [zweiter] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankgeschäftstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.]  
Interest Rate applicable following 
a Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest 
Period] [offered quotation or arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge 
einfügen] 
% 
pro 
Jahr] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
plus

--- Page 242 ---
234 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Minus] 
 
 
 
[ 
Floating 
Rate 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Covered Bank Bonds] where 
interest is linked to a Constant 
Maturity Swap Rate: 
 
Variabel 
Verzinsliche [Pfand-
briefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen], bei denen die 
Verzinsung von einem Constant 
Maturity Swapsatz abhängig ist: 
 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Screen page: 
Reuters 
screen 
page 
[ICESWAP1 
or 
any 
successor screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any 
successor screen page] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Number 
of 
quotations 
from 
Reference Banks: 
[insert number of quotations] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Interest Determination Date: 
[first] [second] [last] [other number of days] 
[TARGET2] [London] [other financial centre 
(specify)] 
Banking 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[erster] [zweiter] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankgeschäftstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.]  
Interest Rate applicable following 
a Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to the preceding Interest 
Period] [offered quotation or arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotation] [insert Interest Rate] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge 
einfügen] 
% 
pro 
Jahr] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
Plus

--- Page 243 ---
235 
 
minus 
 
Minus]] 
 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
[Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
applicable] 
Marge: 
[[Marge 
einfügen] 
% 
pro 
Jahr] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
Plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Minus 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]] 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
Interest Amount: 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and 
the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
Zinsbetrag: 
Produkt aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient 
multipliziert mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] 
[dem Gesamtnennbetrag] 
Notification: 
as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than on the [fourth] [insert number 
of days] Banking Day 
Mitteilung: 
baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung aber 
keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage 
einfügen] 
auf 
die 
Berechnung 
folgenden 
Bankgeschäftstag 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET2] [and commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [insert all 
relevant financial centres]] 
Bankgeschäftstag: 
[TARGET2] 
[und 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen]]]

--- Page 244 ---
236 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
Zinstagequotient: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 9 
[Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Interest Period during which it falls][Calculation 
Period is longer than one Interest Period] 
[a short first or last Calculation Period][a long 
first or last Calculation Period] [insert Fictive 
Interest Payment Date] 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)10 
[Berechnungszeitraum, der gleich oder kürzer ist 
als die Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungs-
zeitraum fällt][Berechnungszeitraum, der länger 
ist als eine Zinsperiode] 
[kurzer 
erster 
oder 
letzter 
Berechnungs-
zeitraum][langer erster oder letzter Berechnungs-
zeitraum] [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (fest) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 [(ISDA)] or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis11 
 
30/360 [(ISDA)] or 360/360 oder Bond 
Basis12 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis13 
 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis14 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 15 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)16 
 
 
Zero Coupon [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] 
 
Nullkupon-[Pfandbriefe][Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
 
§ 4 
Redemption 
Rückzahlung 
Maturity Date: 
[insert maturity date] 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen] 
Redemption Amount: 
 
                                                     
 
9  
If interest is not payable on a regular basis, (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a suitable 
fixed rate Day Count Fraction. 
10  
Wenn Zinsen nicht in regelmäßigen Abständen zu zahlen sind (beispielsweise, wenn Teilbeträge angegeben sind) ist Actual/Actual (ICMA) keine 
geeignete feste Zinstageberechnungsmethode. 
11  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds. 
12  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen. 
13  
Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds. 
14  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen. 
15  
Only applicable in the case of Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds other than Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds and if ISDA 2006 
Definitions shall be applicable. 
16  
Nur anwendbar, wenn es sich bei den Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen nicht um Nullkupon-Pfandbriefe/Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen handelt und wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen.

--- Page 245 ---
237 
Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
(Call Option): 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Call Date(s): 
[insert Call Date(s)][of each year, commencing 
on [insert date] 
Kündigungstermin(e): 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
einfügen][eines 
jeden 
Jahres beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] 
Right to redeem the [Pfandbriefe][Covered 
Bank Bonds] in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Recht die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bank-
schuldverschreibungen] 
teilweise 
zurück-
zuzahlen: 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Notice period: 
[insert 
number 
(at 
least 
5 
Banking 
Days)][Banking Days][months] 
Kündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 5 Bankgeschäftstage)] 
[Bankgeschäftstage] [Monate] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge): 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
 
Other amount  
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which 
may not be lower than the principal amount/issue 
price] 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, 
der/die 
nicht 
unterhalb 
des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen]] 
§ 5 
Payments 
Zahlungen 
Rounding of payable amounts: 
[upwards][always downwards] 
Rundung von zahlbaren Beträgen: 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] 
Business Day Convention: 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention: 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention

--- Page 246 ---
238 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention17 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified 
periods] 
Floating Rate Convention18 
[[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Adjustment: 
[Yes] [No] 
Anpassung: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Banking Day: 
[TARGET2] [and commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [insert all 
relevant financial centres]] 
Bankgeschäftstag: 
[TARGET2] 
[und 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen]]] 
§ 6 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent] 
Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle] 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 
One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5AL, England] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg]  
[insert other Principal Paying Agent] 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle 
London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5AL, England] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo Building – 
Polaris, 
2-4 
rue 
Eugène 
Ruppert, 
2453 
Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] 
[andere Hauptzahlstelle einfügen] 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[as of [insert date]] [insert additional Paying 
Agent(s)] [Not Applicable] 
Zusätzliche Zahlstelle(n): 
[zum 
[Zeitpunkt 
einfügen]] 
[Zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle(n) einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
                                                     
 
17  
Only applicable in the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds. 
18  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Variabel Verzinslichen Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 247 ---
239 
[Calculation Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 
One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5AL, England] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV, 
Luxemburg Branch, Vertigo Building – Polaris, 2-
4 rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg]  
[insert other Calculation Agent] 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, Zweigstelle 
London, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5AL, England]  
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Zweigstelle Luxemburg, Vertigo Building – 
Polaris, 
2-4 
rue 
Eugène 
Ruppert, 
2453 
Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg] 
[andere Berechnungsstelle einfügen]] 
[§ 8 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waivers 
Versammlungen der Gläubiger, Änderung und Verzicht 
Joint Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [[appointed by the 
Noteholders by majority resolution] [insert name 
and address of the Joint Representative]] 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter: 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] [[ernannt durch 
die Gläubiger durch Mehrheitsbeschluss] [Namen 
und 
Adresse 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
einfügen]]] 
§ [9] 
Notices 
Mitteilungen 
[Notices may not be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:19 
 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen können nicht in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der jeweiligen Börse gemacht 
werden:20 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Luxembourg (Luxemburger Wort) 
 
Luxemburg (Luxemburger Wort) 
 
 
Vienna (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung) 
 
Wien (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung) 
 
 
other stock exchange and authorised 
newspaper: 
 
[insert other stock exchange and authorised 
newspaper] 
andere Börse und zugelassene Zeitung: 
[andere Börse und zugelassene Zeitung einfügen] 
                                                     
 
19  
Only applicable if the Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds are listed on a stock exchange. 
20  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse gelistet sind.

--- Page 248 ---
240 
Newspaper authorised by the stock exchange 
[insert newspaper authorised by the stock 
exchange] [Not applicable] 
Börsenpflichtblatt: 
[Name des Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Publication in another authorised newspaper if 
no longer possible: 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen 
in 
einem 
anderen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, wenn Mitteilung nicht 
mehr möglich: 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
[Notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:21 
 
 
[Yes] [No] 
Mitteilungen können in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
jeweiligen 
Börse 
gemacht 
werden:22 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Relevant Stock Exchange: 
[insert relevant Stock Exchange] 
Maßgebliche Börse: 
[maßgebliche Börse einfügen] 
Website: 
[insert name of stock exchange] [insert website] 
Internetseite: 
[Name 
der 
Börse 
einfügen] 
[Internetseite 
einfügen]] 
Banking Day:23 
[TARGET2] [Vienna] [insert other financial 
centres] 
Bankgeschäftstag:24 
[TARGET2] [Vienna] [andere Finanzzentren 
einfügen]] 
[§ [13] 
Choice of Law, Place of Performance, Place of Jurisdiction, Language 
Rechtswahl, Erfüllungsort, Gerichtsstand, Sprache 
Language of Terms and Conditions: 
 
Sprache der Anleihebedingungen: 
 
 
English and German (English binding)  
 
 
German and English (German binding)  
 
 
 
                                                     
 
21  
Only applicable if the Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds are listed on a stock exchange.  
22  
Nur anwendbar im Fall von Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse gelistet sind. 
23  
Applicable for all listed and unlisted Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds. 
24  
Anwendbar für alle börsennotierten und nicht börsennotierten Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 249 ---
241 
Part II 
[DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO [PFANDBRIEFE][COVERED BANK BONDS] 
WITH A DENOMINATION PER UNIT OF LESS THAN € 100,000 
ANGABEN 
BEZOGEN 
AUF 
[PFANDBRIEFE][FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULD-
VERSCHREIBUNGEN] MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON WENIGER ALS € 100.000 
Material Interest 
 
Materielles Interesse 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in 
the Base Prospectus, if any][Not applicable] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den 
im Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern 
vorhanden][Nicht anwendbar] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[as set out in the Base Prospectus] [Green bonds – 
specify 
details][Social 
bonds 
–specify 
details][Sustainability bonds – specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung der 
Erlöse 
[wie im Basisprospekt angegeben] [Green Bonds – 
Einzelheiten angeben][Social Bonds – Einzelheiten 
angeben][Sustainability 
Bonds 
– 
Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●] 
Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●] 
Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●] 
FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●] 
Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●] 
Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Rendite 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[Insert percentage] % per annum.]25 
[Not applicable. The yield of the [Pfandbriefe] 
[Covered Bank Bonds] cannot be calculated [as of 
the issue date].] 
                                                     
 
25  
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds.

--- Page 250 ---
242 
Emissionsrendite: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum.]26 
[Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der [Pfandbriefe] 
[Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
kann 
nicht [zum Ausgabetag] ermittelt werden.] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by 
virtue of which the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] will be created and/or issued: 
 
 
[] 
Beschlüsse, 
Ermächtigungen 
und 
Billigungen, 
welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung/ Emission 
der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] bilden: 
 
 
 
[] 
[Information on historic reference rates / values 
and further performance as well as volatility27 
 
Informationen zu historischen Referenzsätzen / 
Werten und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität28 
 
Details of historic [insert relevant Euribor rate(s)] [insert relevant CMS rate(s)] can be obtained from 
[insert relevant source].  
Einzelheiten der Entwicklung des 
[maßgebliche(n) Euribor Referenzzinssatz/ -sätze einfügen] 
[maßgebliche(n) CMS Rate(n) einfügen] in der Vergangenheit können abgerufen werden unter 
[maßgebliche Informationsquelle einfügen]. 
Description of any market disruption or settlement 
disruption events that effect the [insert relevant 
Euribor rate(s)] [insert relevant CMS rate(s)]: 
 
 
See § [3] of the Terms and Conditions. [●] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung 
des Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die 
[maßgebliche(n) Euribor Referenzzinssatz/ -sätze 
einfügen] [maßgebliche(n) CMS Rate(n) einfügen] 
beeinflussen: 
 
 
 
 
 
Siehe § [3] der Anleihebedingungen. [●]] 
Terms and Conditions of the offer 
 
Anleihebedingungen des Angebots 
 
[Day of the first public offer: [Insert the day of the first public offer]. 
Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots: [Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots einfügen].]  
[A public offer will be made in [Austria] [,] [and] [Germany] [and] [Luxembourg]. 
Ein öffentliches Angebot erfolgt in [Österreich] [,] [und] [Deutschand] [und] [Luxemburg].] 
[The issue price per [Pfandbrief][Covered Bank Bond] will be determined on [Insert date]. The issue price 
and the on-going offer price of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be published on the website of 
the stock exchange, where the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be admitted to trading [Insert 
website] [Insert a successor website] in compliance with its respective regulations. 
Der Ausgabepreis je [Pfandbrief][Fundierter Bankschuldverschreibung] wird am [Datum einfügen] 
festgelegt. Der Ausgabepreis und der laufende Angebotspreis der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] werden unter Beachtung der jeweiligen Bestimmungen auf der Website der 
Wertpapierbörsen, an denen die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] gehandelt werden 
[Internetseite einfügen] [Nachfolgeseite einfügen] veröffentlicht.] 
[The smallest transferable denomination is [Insert smallest transferable denomination]. 
Der kleinste übertragbare Nennwert ist [Kleinster übertragbarer Nennwert einfügen].] 
[The smallest tradeable denomination is [Insert smallest tradeable denomination]. 
                                                     
 
26  
Nur bei Festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
27  
Only applicable for Floating Rate Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds. 
28  
Nur bei Variabel Verzinslichen Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 251 ---
243 
Der kleinste handelbare Nennwert ist [Kleinster handelbarer Nennwert einfügen].] 
The [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be offered to [qualified investors][,] [and/or] [retail 
investors] [and/or] [institutional investors] [by way of a [private placement] [public offer]] [by financial 
intermediaries][by a management or dealer group]. 
Die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] werden [qualifizierten Anlegern][,] [und/oder] 
[Privatkunden] [und/oder] [institutionellen Anlegern] [im Wege [einer Privatplatzierung] [eines 
öffentlichen 
Angebots]] 
[durch 
Finanzintermediäre][durch 
eine(n) 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium] 
angeboten. 
[As of the day of the first public offer the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] described in the Final 
Terms will be offered on a continuous basis up to its maximum issue size. The number of offered 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] may be reduced or increased by the Issuer at any time and does not 
allow any conclusion on the size of actually issued [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] and therefore on 
the liquidity of a potential secondary market.] 
[Ab dem Tag des ersten öffentlichen Angebots werden die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen beschriebenen 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] in einer maximalen Anzahl fortlaufend zum Kauf 
angeboten. Die Anzahl der zum Kauf angebotenen [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
kann von der Emittentin jederzeit reduziert oder erhöht werden und lässt keine Rückschlüsse auf das 
Volumen der tatsächlich begebenen [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] und daher auf 
die Liquidität eines möglichen Sekundärmarkts zu.] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application (whether in number 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] or aggregate amount to invest): [Specify details].] 
[Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldschreibungen] oder des aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen].] 
[Method and time limits for paying up the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] and for the delivery of the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds]: [Specify details].] 
[Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] und 
ihre Lieferung: [Einzelheiten einfügen].] 
[A full description of the manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public.] 
[Umfassende Beschreibung der Modalitäten und des Termins für die öffentliche Bekanntgabe der 
Angebotsergebnisse.] 
[The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and the 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised.] 
[Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugszeichnungsrechts, die Verhandelbarkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung nicht ausgeübter Zeichnungsrechte.] 
[Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and an indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made.] 
[Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung möglich ist.] 
 
[The continuous offer will be made on current ask prices provided by the Issuer.] 
[Das fortlaufende Angebot erfolgt zum jeweils aktuellen von der Emittentin gestellten Verkaufspreis 
(Briefkurs).] 
[The time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer will be open. A description 
of the application process.] 
[Frist, einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen, innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt. Beschreibung des 
Antragsverfahrens.] 
[A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for refunding amounts paid in 
excess by applicants.] 
[Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung 
des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner.] 
[The public offer may be terminated by the Issuer at any time without giving any reason.] 
[Das öffentliche Angebot kann von der Emittentin jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen beendet werden.] 
[Application for admission to trading of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] [has been] [will be] made

--- Page 252 ---
244 
on the following regulated or equivalent markets [insert relevant regulated or equivalent market(s)].] 
[Die Zulassung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] zum Handel an den folgenden 
regulierten oder vergleichbaren Märkten [Maßgebliche(n) regulierte(n) oder vergleichbare(n) 
Markt/Märkte einfügen] [wurde] [wird] beantragt.] 
[Application for listing will be made on the following markets: [Insert relevant market(s)].] 
[Die Notierung an den folgenden Märkten [Maßgebliche(n) Markt/Märkte einfügen] wird beantragt.] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im EWR 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar/nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im 
Vereinigten Königreich 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar/nicht anwendbar] 
Method of Distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Management 
Details 
including 
Form 
of 
Commitments 
 
Einzelheiten 
bezüglich 
der 
Dealer, 
des 
Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der 
Übernahme 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
[insert name and address]  
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[Name und Adresse einzufügen] 
 firm commitment 
 
feste Zusage 
 
 no firm commitment/best efforts arrangements 
 
Keine feste Zusage/zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen 
 
Subscription Agreement 
[Yes] [No] 
Subscription Agreement 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Date of subscription agreement 
[●] 
Datum des Begebungsvertrags 
[●]] 
Trade Date: 
[insert date] 
Handelstag: 
[Datum einfügen] 
Commissions 
[Yes] [No] 
Provisionen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[●] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Listing Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[●] 
Other (specify) 
[●] 
Andere (angeben) 
[●]] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös: 
[●]

--- Page 253 ---
245 
Estimated total expenses: 
 
[Fees have been calculated in accordance with 
prevailing market standards: [Insert amounts].] 
[Insert breakdown of expenses] 
[] 
[Not applicable] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten: 
[Die Gebühren wurden in Übereinstimmung mit 
den herrschenden Marktstandards berechnet: 
[Betrag einfügen].] 
[Aufgliederung der Ausgaben einfügen] 
[●] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[ Vienna Stock Exchange (Official Market) 
 
Wiener Börse (Amtlicher Handel) 
 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Regulated Market) 
 
Luxemburger Börse (Regulierter Markt) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Andere 
[●] 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] 
issued by the Issuer to be offered or admitted to 
trading are already admitted to trading:  
 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger 
Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] der Emittentin der 
gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel 
angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits 
zum Handel zugelassen sind: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 Vienna Stock Exchange (Official Market) 
 
Wiener Börse (Amtlicher Handel) 
 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Regulated 
Market) 
 
Luxemburger Börse (Regulierter Markt) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Andere: 
[●] 
 None 
 
Keine] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundär-handel 
tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]

--- Page 254 ---
246 
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende Platzeur(e)/Manager: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
[Yes] [No] 
Einwilligung zur Nutzung des Basisprospekts 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[In the case of a general consent, the following applies: 
Im Fall einer generellen Zustimmung gilt Folgendes: 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by all financial intermediaries (so-called general 
consent).  
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch alle Finanzintermediäre zu (sog. 
generelle Zustimmung). 
Such consent to use the Base Prospectus is given for the following period: [insert period]. 
Die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für den folgenden Zeitraum erteilt: [Zeitraum 
einfügen]. 
General consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] by 
the financial intermediar[y][ies] is given in relation to [Austria][,] [and] [Germany] [and] [Luxembourg].  
Es wird eine generelle Zustimmung zu einem späteren Weiterverkauf oder einer endgültigen Platzierung 
der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen] durch [den] [die] Finanzintermediär[e] für 
[Österreich][,] [und] [Deutschland] [und] [Luxemburg] erteilt. 
[Such consent is subject to the following conditions: [insert conditions]] 
[Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]]] 
[In the case of an individual consent the following applies: 
Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]] 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the following financial intermediar[y][ies] (so-
called individual consent): 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch [den] [die] folgenden 
Finanzintermediär[e] zu (sog. individuelle Zustimmung):  
[Insert name(s) and address(es)]. 
[Namen und Anschrift(en) einfügen]. 
Such consent to use the Base Prospectus is given for the following period: [insert period]. 
Die Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für den folgenden Zeitraum erteilt: [Zeitraum 
einfügen]. 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] by the financial intermediar[y][ies] is given in relation to [Austria][,] [and] [Germany] [and] 
[Luxembourg] to [insert name[s] and address[es]] [and [insert details]].  
[Namen und Anschrift(en) einfügen] [[Einzelheiten angeben]] wird eine individuelle Zustimmung zu 
einem späteren Weiterverkauf oder einer endgültigen Platzierung der [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] durch [den] [die] Finanzintermediär[e] für [Österreich][,] [und] 
[Deutschland] [und] [Luxemburg] erteilt. 
[Such consent is subject to the following conditions: [insert conditions] 
Eine solche Zustimmung unterliegt den folgenden Bedingungen: [Bedingungen einfügen]] 
 Rating29 
[specify details] 
Rating30 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 (the "CRA Regulation").  
                                                     
 
29  
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds, if any. Include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider.  
30  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Pfandbriefe/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, soweit vorhanden, einfügen. Kurze Erläuterung der 
Bedeutung des Ratings, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 255 ---
247 
Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat 
und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011 (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of 
the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.]  
[Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to [CMS, which is currently 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA")] [EURIBOR, which is currently provided by 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI")] [SONIA, which is currently provided by the Bank of 
England] [SOFR, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [€STR, which is 
published by the European Central Bank] [OTHER, which is currently provided by [insert 
administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [IBA] [EMMI] [the Bank of England] [the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [the European Central Bank] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation").] 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [CMS, der 
derzeit vom ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [EURIBOR, der 
derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA, der 
derzeit von der Bank of England zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [€STR, der derzeit von der Europäischen Zentralbank zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER REFERENZZINSSATZ, der derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] 
zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
erschein[t][en] [IBA] [EMMI] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [die 
europäische Zentralbank] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und 
Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 
36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die "Benchmark-Verordnung") 
eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries ("ICSD") as common safekeeper or 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, excluding 
securities deposited with OeKB CSD GmbH and 
not issued in NGN form in order to be eligible 
for Eurosystem and does not necessarily mean 
that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European

--- Page 256 ---
248 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] are capable of meeting them the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] may then be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries ("ICSD") as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
Soll in Eurosystem-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Ja. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Angabe "Ja" 
nur 
bedeutet, 
dass 
beabsichtigt 
ist, 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem 
der 
internationalen 
Wertpapier-Zentralverwahrer 
(international 
central securities depositaries ("ICSD")) als 
gemeinsamer 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
zu 
hinterlegen oder im Namen eines Nominierten 
eines 
ICSD, 
der 
als 
gemeinsamer 
Wertpapierverwahrer fungiert, zu registrieren, 
ausgenommen von [Pfandbriefen] [Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen], die bei der OeKB 
CSD GmbH hinterlegt und nicht in NGN Form 
begeben werden, um Euro-systemfähig zu sein, 
und nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] bei ihrer Ausgabe 
oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ihrer Laufzeit 
oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als 
notenbankfähige Sicherheiten für die geld-
politischen 
Operationen 
und 
Innertages-
kreditgeschäfte des Eurosystems anerkannt sind. 
Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] 
die 
Auswahlkriterien 
des 
Eurosystems erfüllen.] 
[Nein. Obwohl "nein" am Datum dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen angegeben wurde, 
sollten sich die Auswahlkriterien für noten-
bankfähige Sicherheiten in der Zukunft ändern 
so dass die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bank-

--- Page 257 ---
249 
schuldverschreibungen] diese erfüllen, könnten 
die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldver-
schreibungen] 
dann 
bei 
einem 
der 
internationalen 
Wertpapier-Zentralverwahrer 
(international central securities depositaries 
("ICSD")) hinterlegt (und im Namen eines 
Nominierten eines ICSD, der als gemeinsamer 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
fungiert, 
registriert) 
werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass dies nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschrei-
bungen] dann zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Laufzeit als notenbankfähige Sicherheiten für die 
geldpolitischen Operationen und Innertages-
kreditgeschäfte 
des 
Eurosystems 
anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, ob die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bank-
schuldverschreibungen] die Auswahlkriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllen.] 
[Third Party Information 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Informationen Dritter 
[Relevante Informationen Dritter] sind entnommen worden aus [●]. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese 
Informationen korrekt wiedergegeben wurden und, soweit ihr bekannt ist und sie aufgrund der von [●] 
veröffentlichten Informationen feststellen kann, keine Fakten ausgelassen wurden, wodurch die 
wiedergegebenen Informationen inkorrekt oder irreführend gemacht würden. Die Emittentin hat diese 
Informationen nicht selbst überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für deren Richtigkeit.]

--- Page 258 ---
250 
Part II 
[DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO [PFANDBRIEFE][COVERED BANK BONDS] 
WITH A DENOMINATION PER UNIT OF AT LEAST € 100,000 
ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF [PFANDBRIEFE] [FUNDIERTE BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIB-
UNGEN] MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON € 100.000 
Material Information 
 
Wesentliche Informationen 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in 
the Base Prospectus, if any] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von 
den im Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, 
sofern vorhanden] 
Use of Proceeds 
[Not applicable] 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös: 
[●] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●] 
Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●] 
Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●] 
FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●] 
Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●] 
Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Rendite 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[Insert percentage] % per annum.]31 
[Not applicable. The yield of the [Pfandbriefe] 
[Covered Bank Bonds] cannot be calculated [as of 
the issue date].] 
                                                     
 
31  
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefen/Covered Bank Bonds.

--- Page 259 ---
251 
Rendite bezogen auf den Ausgabepreis: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum.]32 
Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der [Pfandbriefe] 
[Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
kann 
nicht [zum Ausgabetag] ermittelt werden.] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by 
virtue of which the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] will be created and/or issued: 
 
 
[] 
Beschlüsse, 
Ermächtigungen 
und 
Billigungen, 
welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung/ Emission 
der 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] bilden: 
 
 
 
 
[] 
Method of Distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Management Details 
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich der Dealer 
 
Dealer/Management Group: 
[insert name]  
Dealer/Bankenkonsortium: 
[Name einfügen] 
Trade Date: 
[insert date] 
Handelstag: 
[Datum einfügen] 
Commissions33 
Provisionen34 
 
[Management/Underwriting Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]  
Management- und Übernahmeprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
[Selling Concession: 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Verkaufsprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
[Listing Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Angabe der geschätzten Gesamtkosten für die 
Zulassung zum Handel: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Stabilising Manager:  
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Kursstabilisierender Manager: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 Vienna Stock Exchange (Official Market) 
 
Wiener Börse (Amtlicher Handel) 
 
                                                     
 
32  
Nur bei Festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
33  
There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case, the 
Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds have a minimum denomination of € 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency. 
34  
Es gibt keine Verpflichtung, Informationen hinsichtlich einer Management- und Übernahmeprovision und einer Verkaufsprovision anzugeben, 
wenn die Pfandbriefe/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen eine Mindeststückelung von € 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag in einer 
anderen Währung haben.

--- Page 260 ---
252 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Regulated Market) 
 
Luxemburger Börse (Regulierter Markt) 
 
 Other:  
[●] 
Andere: 
[●] 
 Rating35 
[specify details] 
Rating36 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat 
und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011 (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert 
ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of 
the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to [CMS, which is currently 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA")] [EURIBOR, which is currently provided by 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI")] [SONIA, which is currently provided by the Bank of 
England] [SOFR, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [€STR, which is 
published by the European Central Bank] [OTHER, which is currently provided by [insert 
administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [IBA] [EMMI] [the Bank of England] [the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [the European Central Bank] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
"Benchmark Regulation").] 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [CMS, der 
derzeit vom ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [EURIBOR, der 
derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA, der 
derzeit von der Bank of England zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SOFR, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [€STR, der derzeit von der Europäischen Zentralbank zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER REFERENZZINSSATZ, der derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] 
zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
erschein[t][en] [IBA] [EMMI] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [die 
europäische Zentralbank] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und 
Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 
36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die "Benchmark-Verordnung") 
eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
                                                     
 
35  
Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Pfandbriefe/Covered Bank Bonds, if any. 
36  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Pfandbriefe/Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, soweit vorhanden, einfügen.

--- Page 261 ---
253 
means that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries ("ICSD") as common safekeeper or 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, and does 
not 
necessarily 
mean 
that 
the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] are capable of meeting them the 
[Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank Bonds] may then be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositaries ("ICSD") as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the [Pfandbriefe][Covered Bank 
Bonds] will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
Soll in Eurosystem-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Ja. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Angabe "Ja" 
nur 
bedeutet, 
dass 
beabsichtigt 
ist, 
die 
[Pfandbriefe] 
[Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der internationalen Wertpapier-Zentral-
verwahrer 
(international 
central 
securities 
depositaries 
("ICSD")) 
als 
gemeinsamer 
Wertpapierverwahrer zu hinter-legen oder im 
Namen eines Nominierten eines ICSD, der als 
gemeinsamer Wertpapier-verwahrer fungiert, zu 
registrieren, ausgenom-men von [Pfandbriefen] 
[Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen], die 
bei der OeKB CSD GmbH hinterlegt und nicht in 
NGN 
Form 
begeben 
werden, 
um 
eurosystemfähig 
zu 
sein, 
und 
nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschrei-
bungen] bei ihrer Ausgabe oder zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer 
gesamten Laufzeit als notenbankfähige Sicher-

--- Page 262 ---
254 
heiten für die geldpolitischen Operationen und 
Innertageskreditgeschäfte 
des 
Eurosystems 
anerkannt sind. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt 
davon ab, ob die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
die 
Auswahl-
kriterien des Eurosystems erfüllen.] 
[Nein. Obwohl "nein" am Datum dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen angegeben wurde, 
sollten sich die Auswahlkriterien für noten-
bankfähige Sicherheiten in der Zukunft ändern 
so dass die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bank-
schuldverschreibungen] diese erfüllen, könnten 
die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen] 
dann 
bei 
einem 
der 
internationalen 
Wertpapier-Zentralverwahrer 
(international central securities depositaries 
("ICSD")) hinterlegt (und im Namen eines 
Nominierten eines ICSD, der als gemeinsamer 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
fungiert, 
registriert) 
werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass dies nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
[Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bankschuldverschrei-
bungen] dann zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Laufzeit als notenbankfähige Sicherheiten für die 
geldpolitischen Operationen und Innertages-
kreditgeschäfte 
des 
Eurosystems 
anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, ob die [Pfandbriefe][Fundierten Bank-
schuldverschreibungen] die Auswahlkriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllen.] 
[Third Party Information 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Informationen Dritter 
[Relevante Informationen Dritter] sind entnommen worden aus [●]. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese 
Informationen korrekt wiedergegeben wurden und, soweit ihr bekannt ist und sie aufgrund der von [●] 
veröffentlichten Informationen feststellen kann, keine Fakten ausgelassen wurden, wodurch die 
wiedergegebenen Informationen inkorrekt oder irreführend gemacht würden. Die Emittentin hat diese 
Informationen nicht selbst überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für deren Richtigkeit.] 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
 
By/ Von:  
Duly authorised 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt 
____________________________________ 
By/ Von:  
Duly authorised 
Ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt

--- Page 263 ---
255 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Member State of the prospective purchasers of Notes and the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes 
are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Austria, 
Luxembourg, Germany and each country of which they are residents or otherwise subject to taxation.

--- Page 264 ---
256 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Instruments by the 
Issuer will be used for its general corporate purposes, i.e. making profit. If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net proceeds for general corporate purposes 
of the Issuer, i.e. making profits, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In any case, the Issuer is 
free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Instruments. This may not apply in case of "green" bonds, 
"social" bonds and "sustainability" bonds which serve the refinancing of eligible assets as further specified in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 265 ---
257 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement dated 31 March 2021, as 
further amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to time (the "Programme Agreement"), 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Instruments. Any such agreement for any particular purchase will extend to those matters stated under "Form 
of the Instruments" and "Terms and Conditions of the Instruments" above. In the Programme Agreement the 
Issuer has agreed to reimburse UniCredit Bank AG as arranger for certain of its expenses in connection with 
the establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of the Instruments. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells the Instruments or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer or sale by it of the Instruments under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or sales and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Purchaser will be required to comply with such additional or 
modified restrictions (if any) as the relevant Issuer and Purchaser shall agree and as shall be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The restrictions on offerings may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or the legal interpretation thereof. Any such modification will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
United States  
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Instruments are 
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is 
available. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. The Instruments are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-US persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
The Instruments are in bearer form and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell 
or deliver any Instruments (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering or completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the 
relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Instruments on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of 
all Instruments of the Tranche of which such Instruments are a part within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree that it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells Instruments during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Instruments within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Instruments, an offer or sale of such Instruments 
within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 266 ---
258 
In addition, 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), each 
Dealer (i) represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it will 
not offer or sell, Instruments in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered and agrees that it 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Instruments in bearer form that 
are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in 
selling Instruments in bearer form are aware that such Instruments may not be offered or sold during 
the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring the Instruments in bearer form 
for purposes of resale in connection with their original issue and if it retains Instruments in bearer 
form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Instruments in bearer form for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Instruments during the restricted period, each Dealer repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on its behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
European Economic Area (EEA) 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation");  
and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Member State"), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in 
that Member State:

--- Page 267 ---
259 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those Instruments may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Instruments which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any 
Instruments in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Instruments and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom" or "UK") 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended ("FSMA"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Instruments.

--- Page 268 ---
260 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may, 
make an offer of such Instruments to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those Instruments may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Instruments which either (i) has been approved by the 
Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 85 of the FSMA or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any 
Instruments in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Instruments and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Instruments other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Instruments would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Instruments in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan  
Each Dealer acknowledges and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Instruments have not been, and will not be, registered under the Financial Instruments

--- Page 269 ---
261 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Instruments, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Instruments (except for Instruments which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result 
in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and  
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Instruments, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Instruments which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 270 ---
262 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
The Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is UniCredit Bank Austria AG. Its place of registration is Vienna, Republic of 
Austria. It was incorporated on 12 October 1996 in the Republic of Austria under the Austrian Stock 
Corporation Act with registration number FN 150714p. UniCredit Bank Austria AG is a stock corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft) operating under laws of the Republic of Austria with its registered office at 
Rothschildplatz 1, 1020 Vienna, Republic of Austria. The Issuer’s legal entity identifier is 
D1HEB8VEU6D9M8ZUXG17. The Issuer’s telephone number is +43 (0) 50505-0. 
The Issuer’s website is www.bankaustria.at. All information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Admission to Trading and Listing Information 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Instruments issued under the Programme 
up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of publication of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Instruments may, after notification in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to 
trading on the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange or the regulated markets of 
and/or admitted to listing on the stock exchanges of a number of member states of the European Economic 
Area and/or publicly offered within the European Economic Area. 
Instruments which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The applicable 
Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Instruments will state whether or not the Instruments are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Documents on Display 
The following documents can be inspected as electronic versions on the following websites until the validity 
of this Base Prospectus ends (in the case of the following items (ii) and (iii), for a period of at least ten years 
commencing with the publication of this Base Prospectus): 
(i) 
the articles of association of the Issuer 
 
https://www.bankaustria.at/files/Satzung_BA__11-04-2018_en.pdf 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
https://www.bankaustria.at/en/about-us-issues-under-base-prospectuses-base-prospectuses.jsp 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the 
hyperlinks set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above).  
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and will be available 
free of charge from the principal office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Auditors 
The Auditing Board of the Savings Bank Auditing Association (Sparkassen-Prüfungsverband, Prüfungsstelle) 
have audited and signed without qualification the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in accordance 
with the laws of the Republic of Austria for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020. Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH has audited and signed without qualification 
the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Austria for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
The Auditing Board of the Savings Bank Auditing Association is the legally established bank auditor in 
Austria and in addition to supervision by the Minister of Finance (Bundesminister für Finanzen) is subject to 
quality control according to the Austrian Auditor Oversight Act (Abschlussprüfer-Aufsichtsgesetz - APAG). It 
complies with Austrian and international auditing standards.

--- Page 271 ---
263 
Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH, Renngasse 1/Freyung, 1010 Wien, is a certified public accountant 
and a member of the Austrian Chamber of Certified Public Accountants (Kammer der Wirtschaftstreuhänder). 
Both the Auditing Board of the Savings Bank Auditing Association and Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs 
GmbH have audited and issued unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 on 21 February 2020 and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 on 19 February 2021. 
Furthermore, both the Auditing Board of the Savings Bank Auditing Association and Deloitte Audit 
Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH have audited and signed without qualification the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer in accordance with the laws of Austria for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
Authorisation  
The amendment and restatement of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board 
of the Issuer passed on 14 May 2019. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and OeKB 
The Instruments have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems. Instruments may also be cleared through OeKB CSD GmbH, if applicable. The appropriate Common 
Codes for each issue allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
AG, if applicable, and details of any other agreed clearing system will be contained in the applicable Final 
Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210, Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg S.A. is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855, Luxembourg. The address of OeKB CSD 
GmbH is Strauchgasse 1-3, 1010 Vienna, Austria. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Ratings  
The Issuer is assigned a long-term issuer rating of "Baa1" with negative outlook for senior debt by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH ("Moody’s") and "BBB+" with negative outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. 
(Niederlassung Deutschland) ("Standard & Poor’s"), as well as a short-term issuer rating of "P-2" by 
Moody’s and of "A-2" by Standard & Poor’s. Its Instruments are rated as follows: 
Type of Instruments 
Rating 
Rating Agency 
Senior instruments with a maturity of more than one year 
BBB+ 
Standard & Poor’s 
Tier 2 subordinated instruments 
BBB- 
Standard & Poor’s 
Senior instruments with a maturity of one year or less 
A-2 
Standard & Poor’s 
Senior instruments with a maturity of more than one year 
Baa1 
Moody’s 
Tier 2 subordinated instruments 
Ba1 
Moody’s 
Senior instruments with a maturity of one year or less 
P-2 
Moody’s 
Instruments and Pfandbriefe issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. To the extent that any 
Instruments or Pfandbriefe are to be issued under the Programme on a rated basis, particulars of any such 
rating will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"), unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 
June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and 
such registration has not been refused. 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH has its registered office at An der Welle 5, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
and is registered with the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 
33863.

--- Page 272 ---
264 
A long-term issue credit rating of "Aaa" from Moody’s means such obligations are judged to be of the highest 
quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. A long-term issue credit rating of "Baa" from Moody’s 
means the such obligations are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such 
may possess certain speculative characteristics. A long-term issue credit rating of "Ba" from Moody’s means 
that such obligations are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. A short-term issue 
credit rating of "P-2" from Moody’s means the issuers (or supporting institutions) have a strong ability to 
repay short-term debt obligations. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its 
generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in 
the lower end of that generic rating category. (Source: Moody’s) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. (Niederlassung Deutschland), has its registered office at Bockenheimer 
Landstraße 2, 60323 Frankfurt am Main, Germany and is a business unit of S&P Global Inc. (NYSE: SPGI), 
whose headquarter is at 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041, United States of America. 
A long-term issuer credit rating of "BBB" from Standard & Poor’s means the obligor has adequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. A long-term issue 
credit rating of "BBB" from Standard & Poor’s means an obligation exhibits adequate protection parameters. 
However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened 
capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. A short-term issue credit rating of 
"A-2" from Standard & Poor’s means the obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of 
changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rating categories. However, the 
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is satisfactory. Standard & Poor’s 
ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories. Additionally, Standard & Poor’s can provide an estimation 
(known as Credit Watch) as to whether a rating will be upgraded, downgraded or whether the trend is 
uncertain (neutral). (Source: Standard & Poor’s) 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. (Niederlassung Deutschland) are 
established in the European Union and are included as a registered rating agency in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Instruments issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Instruments issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Instruments issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 273 ---
265 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "Annual 
Financial Statements 2020"), including: 
(a) 
the consolidated financial statements: 
(aa) 
the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020; 
(bb) 
the audited consolidated income statements, statement of changes in equity and cash 
flow statements of the Issuer for the periods from 1 January 2020 to 
31 December 2020; 
(b) 
the unconsolidated financial statements: 
(aa) 
the audited unconsolidated balance sheet of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020; 
(bb) 
the audited unconsolidated balance sheet of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020; 
in each case of (a) and (b) together with the respective notes. The consolidated and the unconsolidated 
financial statements referred to above have been audited and can be found in the English and German 
language Annual Financial Statements 2020 of the Issuer as noted below; and 
(2) 
the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the "Annual 
Financial Statements 2019"), including: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Issuer as at 31 December 2019; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated income statements, statement of changes in equity and cash flow 
statements of the Issuer for the periods from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019; 
in each case of (a) and (b) together with the notes. The consolidated financial statements referred to 
above have been audited and can be found in the English and German language Annual Financial 
Statements 2019 of the Issuer as noted below. 
The following cross-reference list sets out where the information incorporated by reference referred to above 
may be found. Any information that is excluded or otherwise not incorporated by reference is not relevant for 
investors. In particular, any documents that are themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated herein by reference will not form part of this Base Prospectus, as such documents are either not 
relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Item 
Reference 
 
 
Annual Financial Statements 2020 
 
1. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Income Statement for year ended 31 December 2020 
Page 48  
Comprehensive Income Statement 
Page 49 
Balance Sheet at 31 December 2020 
Pages 50 to 51 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 52 to 55 
Cash Flow Statement 2020 
Pages 56 to 57 
Notes to the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 59 to 259 
Glossary of alternative performance measures 
Pages 284 to 285 
Report of the Auditors 
Pages 261 to 267 
The Issuer’s Annual Financial Statements 2020 can be found on the following URL: 
https://www.bankaustria.at/files/Jahresfinanzbericht_2020_EN.pdf

--- Page 274 ---
266 
2. Audited Unconsolidated Financial Statements 2020 
 
Balance Sheet at 31 December 2020 
Pages 338 to 340 
Income Statement for year ended 31 December 2020 
Pages 341 to 342 
Notes to the 2020 Unconsolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 343 to 385 
Report of the Auditors 2020 
Pages 386 to 391 
The Issuer’s Audited Unconsolidated Financial Statements 2020 can be found as part of the Issuer’s Annual 
Financial Statements 2020 on the following URL: 
https://www.bankaustria.at/files/Jahresfinanzbericht_2020_EN.pdf  
Annual Financial Statements 2019 
 
1. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Income Statement for year ended 31 December 2019 
Pages 39 to 40  
Comprehensive Income Statement 
Page 41 
Balance Sheet at 31 December 2019 
Pages 42 to 43 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 44 to 47 
Cash Flow Statement 2019 
Pages 48 to 51 
Notes to the 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 53 to 251 
Glossary of alternative performance measures 
Pages 274 to 275 
Report of the Auditors 
Pages 252 to 257 
The Issuer’s Annual Financial Statements 2019 can be found on the following URL: 
https://www.bankaustria.at/files/GB2019_EN.pdf 
 
 
 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the oral or written request of any such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which, or 
portions of which, are incorporated herein by reference. Written or oral requests for such documents should be 
directed to the Issuer at its head office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents 
will be available, free of charge, from the principal office of Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. in 
Luxembourg in its capacity as listing agent (the "Luxembourg Listing Agent") for the Luxembourg Listed 
Instruments (as defined below). The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are also 
available on the internet web site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and of the Issuer 
(www.bankaustria.at).

--- Page 275 ---
267 
ISSUER 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Rothschildplatz 1 
1020 Vienna 
Austria 
 
ARRANGER 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Rothschildplatz 1 
1020 Vienna 
Austria 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Sparkassen-Prüfungsverband 
Prüfungsstelle 
(Savings Bank Auditing 
Association Auditing Board) 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH 
Renngasse 1/Freyung 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
London Branch 
One Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d’Esch 
2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 276 ---
268 
 
VIENNA ISSUING, LISTING AND PAYING AGENT 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Rothschildplatz 1 
1020 Vienna 
Austria 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer 
(as to Austrian law) 
to the Arranger and Dealers 
(as to German law) 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Seilergasse16 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
to the Arranger and the Dealers 
(as to Austrian law) 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Schubertring 6 
1010 Vienna 
Austria