--- Page 1 ---
3037885528 
1 
 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) under the laws of Spain) 
EUR 3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme  
This Base Prospectus of Unicaja Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer”, the “Bank” or “Unicaja Banco”), a public limited company (sociedad 
anómima), has been approved by the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the 
“CNMV”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of securities (the 
“Securities”) issued under the Euro Medium Term Note and European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme of Unicaja Banco (the 
“Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The Bank and its consolidated 
subsidiaries are referred to herein as the “Group”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with, and including the information required by Annexes 7 and 15 for wholesale 
non equity securities of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019. The CNMV has only approved this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Securities that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Securities. This Base Prospectus 
is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. Application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to listing on the 
Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija) (“AIAF”). AIAF is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers. No unlisted Securities 
may be issued under the Programme.  
The Securities under this Programme will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will be 
registered with Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal 
(“Iberclear”) as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish settlement system (the “Spanish Central Registry”). 
Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of the Securities. Settlement relating to the Securities, as well as payment 
of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be performed within Iberclear’s book-entry system. 
Under this Programme, Unicaja Banco may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) governed by Spanish law and cédulas hipotecarias 
(bono garantizado europeo (premium)) (the “Covered Bonds”) governed by Spanish law as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below). References to the “Securities” shall be to the Covered Bonds and to the Notes.  
Each tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions of the 
Notes”) as completed by a document specific to such tranche called final terms (the “Notes Final Terms”). Each tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the European Covered Bonds (Premium)” (the 
“Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, and, together with the Conditions of the Notes, the “Conditions”) as completed by a document 
specific to such tranche called Covered Bonds final terms (the “Covered Bonds Final Terms” and, together with the Notes Final Terms, 
the “Final Terms”). The Final Terms of each tranche of Securities (a “Tranche”) will state whether these are to be (I) Covered Bonds 
or (II) Notes, and if Notes, whether such Notes are (a) Senior Notes or (b) Subordinated Notes; and, if Senior Notes, whether such Senior 
Notes are (i) Ordinary Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Subordinated Notes 
are (i) Senior Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of the Securities, the issue price of the Securities and certain other information applicable to each issue of 
Securities will also be set out in the Final Terms. The Final Terms of each Tranche will also state whether the relevant Securities are to

--- Page 2 ---
3037885528 
2 
be: (i) Fixed Rate Securities, (ii) Floating Rate Securities, (iii) Reset Notes, (iv) Fixed to Floating Securities, (v) Floating to Fixed 
Securities, (vi) Fixed to Reset Notes, or (vii) Zero Coupon Notes.  
Securities issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated by any one or more rating agencies. Where a Tranche is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Securities already issued. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche will, among others, be issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”), will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Securities are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. Prospective 
purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the extent of their exposure 
to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Securities as an investment in the light of their own circumstances 
and financial condition. 
Investing in Securities issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Securities are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
No Securities may be issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
Product Governance under MiFID II – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities. The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and 
which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR – A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities. The 
Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document (KID) required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document (KID) required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or

--- Page 3 ---
3037885528 
3 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In addition, in the UK, this Base Prospectus may be distributed to, and directed at, persons (i) who qualify as “investment professionals” 
within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the 
“Order”); (ii) high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and other bodies within the categories described in Article 49(2) 
of the Order; and (iii) persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together, relevant persons). 
Therefore, this Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied upon (i) in any member state of the EEA (a “Member State”), by persons 
who are retail investors, and (ii) in the UK, by persons who are retail investors or are not relevant persons. 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United State. The Securities may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prospective investors are referred to the section headed “Subscription and Sale” on pages 231 to 234 of this Base Prospectus for 
further information. 
For the purpose of Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms issued under the Programme will 
be published on the Issuer’s website (https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/programas-de-emision)1.  
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 28 May 2024. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period.  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 May 2024.
 
1 
Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer confirms that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue and the offering and sale of the Securities) material with respect to the Issuer, the Group 
and the Securities; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in 
any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue and the offering and sale of the Securities) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper 
enquiries have been made to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or 
any information supplied by the Issuer and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
The dealers subscribing any Securities have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, neither the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of their affiliates have authorised the whole 
or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, 
or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person in connection with the issue and offering of the Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Security 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The dealers subscribing any Securities 
shall not be responsible for, or for investigating, any matter which is the subject of, any statement, 
representation, warranty or covenant of Unicaja Banco or the Group contained in this Base Prospectus, or any 
other agreement or document relating to the Securities, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. 
Securities issued as Green Securities 
Prospective investors in any Securities where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green” purposes as described therein (the “Green Securities”) should have regard to the 
information in the ”Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding 
the use of an amount equal to the net proceeds of those Green Securities, should have regard to the factors 
described in the Green Bond Framework (as defined in the risk factor entitled “Securities issued as “Green 
Securities”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an 
investor’s investment criteria” and “Use of Proceeds”), must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Securities together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary and must seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other 
professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Green Securities before deciding to invest. For more 
information see – “Securities issued as “Green Securities”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria” and “Use of Proceeds”.

--- Page 5 ---
3037885528 
5 
Neither the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of their affiliates accept any responsibility for any 
environmental assessment of any Securities issued as Green Securities or make any representation or warranty 
or assurance whether such Securities will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
“green” or similar label. Neither the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of their affiliates are responsible 
for the use of proceeds for any Green Securities, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No 
representation or assurance is given by the dealers subscribing any Securities nor any of their affiliates as to the 
suitability or reliability of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer or any affiliate) made available in connection with an issue of Green Securities, nor is 
any such report, assessment, opinion or certification a recommendation by the dealers subscribing any Securities 
nor any of their affiliates to buy, sell or hold any such Securities. Currently, the providers of such reports, 
assessments, opinions or certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event any such Securities are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange (whether or not regulated) or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the dealers subscribing any Securities or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green 
Securities or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Securities. 
Any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue 
of Green Securities is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion (as defined in “Use 
of Proceeds”) and any other such opinion, report, assessment or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Securities and is 
current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second 
Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) 
may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework nor 
the Second Party Opinion are incorporated into, and/or forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and any dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions applicable to 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or to the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Securities; some of which are described under “Subscription and Sale”. 
In particular, the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”), ANY

--- Page 6 ---
3037885528 
6 
STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF SECURITIES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS 
A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Notes will qualify as MREL (as defined in “Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements  — MREL 
Requirements”) eligible liabilities instruments if the conditions set out in article 72b of CRR (as defined below) 
and in article 45b of BRRD (as defined below) are met. No specific statement to the qualification of the Notes 
as MREL eligible liabilities instruments by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus or in the relevant Final Terms is 
required for their qualification as such. Since Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA, article 
209 of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law approved by Law 6/2023 of 17 March (Ley 
6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the “Spanish Securities 
Market Law”) should not apply to the marketing or placement of the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Securities and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Securities. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Benchmarks 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend 
to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Rounding and currency 
References to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. References to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The Securities are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
The Securities are complex instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. A 
potential investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with its financial 
and other professional advisers) to evaluate how the relevant Securities will perform under changing conditions, 
the resulting effects on the value of the relevant Securities and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall portfolio.

--- Page 7 ---
3037885528 
7 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (a) the relevant Securities are legal investments for it; (b) the relevant Securities can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of 
the relevant Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of the relevant under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, 
“plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial 
position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of 
the Issuer and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause 
our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements include, among other factors described in this Base Prospectus: (i) the Issuer’s ability to integrate 
our newly-acquired operations and any future expansion of its business; (ii) the Issuer’s ability to realise the 
benefits it expects from existing and future investments in its existing operations and pending expansion and 
development projects; (iii) the Issuer’s ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to 
undertake planned or proposed investments; (iv) the Issuer’s ability to maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future operations; (v) changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in 
which the Issuer and its customers operate; (vi) changes in the competitive environment in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and (vii) failure to comply with regulations applicable to the business of the Issuer. Many 
of these factors may be more likely to occur, or more pronounced, as a result of catastrophic events, including 
weather-related catastrophic events, pandemics events or terrorist-related incidents. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should, however, consult any additional 
disclosures that the Issuer has made or may make in documents the Issuer has filed or may file with the CNMV. 
CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The Group has applied IFRS 17 since 1 January 2023, replacing IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” as the accounting 
standard applicable to the recognition, measurement, and presentation of contracts that transfer significant 
insurance risk. Accordingly, and as detailed in our 2023 Annual Accounts, certain financial information of the 
Bank and/or the Group as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been re-expressed to make it 
comparable with the financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023. For the avoidance 
of doubt, financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 that is presented as a percentage 
of financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been calculated using the re-
expressed figures as presented in our 2023 Annual Accounts.

--- Page 8 ---
3037885528 
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 4 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................... 8 
OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................16 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................50 
FORM OF THE NOTES FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................99 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE EUROPEAN COVERED BONDS (PREMIUM) ............................ 115 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS FINAL TERMS ..........................................................................................148 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................164 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................167 
REGULATION................................................................................................................................................201 
OVERVIEW OF SPANISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS........................................212 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................219 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................230 
MARKET INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................233 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................235 
SIGNATURES ................................................................................................................................................238

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche, the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant dealer may agree that Securities shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if 
appropriate, a new Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
European Covered Bonds (Premium)” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this overview.  
Issuer: 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
LEI Code: 
5493007SJLLCTM6J6M37 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. These are set 
out under “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group” 
below. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Securities issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Securities” and include certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and/or Series of Covered Bonds 
and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note and European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme. 
Paying Agency: 
For Securities listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions will be 
carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear. 
Clearing Systems: 
Iberclear. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,500,000,000 in aggregate original nominal amount of all 
Securities outstanding at any time. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Securities may be distributed by 
way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. 
Form of Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry 
form (anotaciones en cuenta) and will be registered with Iberclear. 
Notes: 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Rate Notes will bear interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding)

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of 
Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset Notes 
Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) 
and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined either  
(i) 
in accordance with “Screen Rate Determination” (see 
Condition 7(c) (Floating Rate Note Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Conditions of the Notes); or 
(ii) 
in accordance with “ISDA Determination” (see Condition 
7(d) (Floating Rate Note Provisions -ISDA Determination) 
of the Conditions of the Notes). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to, or at 100% 
of, their principal amount. Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest and 
an investor will not receive any return on the Notes until redemption. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Financial Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Conditions of the Notes and without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Holders, determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread.  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
9 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
(following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser) may 
vary the Conditions of the Notes if necessary to follow market practice 
in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread.  
 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than following 
an event of default or a Tax Event or, if indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, following a MREL Disqualification Event and, in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, following a Capital Event, if 
indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Holders upon 
giving notice to the Holders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the relevant Notes at any 
time if the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Notes is equal or less 
of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued. 
In accordance with Article 63.(i) of CRR (as defined in the Conditions of 
the Notes), redemption of the Notes at the option of the Holders shall not 
be applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Redemption following a Tax Event in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes or Notes that qualify as Eligible Liabilities, or redemption 
following a Capital Event or a MREL Disqualification Event, will be 
subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if required therefor under Applicable Banking 
Regulations and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. See Condition 10(k) 
(Redemption and Purchase -Conditions to Redemption and Purchase) of 
the Conditions of the Notes. 
Substitution and Variation 
If indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a Tax Event, 
a MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes. See 
Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may 
only take place after five years from their date of issuance or any different 
minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances or exceptions 
(please refer to Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Conditions of the Notes) 
be required to pay such additional amounts in respect of interest and any 
other amounts (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of 
principal or any premium) (except in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, 
where additional amounts will be paid in respect of the payment of any 
interest and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, principal (and/or 
premium, if any)), as will result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts 
as would have otherwise been receivable by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer if subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) of the 
Conditions of the Notes; and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code and any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof (“FATCA”) 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
Status: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case 
of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank as more fully described in 
Condition 4 (Status) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común española).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Covered Bonds: 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined either  
(i) 
in accordance with “Screen Rate Determination” (see 
Condition 6(c) (Floating Rate Provisions -Screen Rate 
Determination) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds); 
or 
(ii) 
in accordance with “ISDA Determination” (see Condition 
6(d) (Floating Rate Provisions -ISDA Determination) of the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and, if applicable, 
an Independent Financial Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and without any requirement for 
consent or approval of the Holders, determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread.  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
8 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
(following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser) may 
vary the Conditions of the Covered Bonds if necessary to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Redemption: 
The Covered Bonds Final Terms will indicate either that the Covered 
Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice 
to the Holders of Covered Bonds, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices specified in the Covered 
Bonds Final Terms. In addition, if so specified in the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Covered Bonds at any time if the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of such Covered Bonds is equal or less of 
the Residual Percentage specified in the Covered Bonds Final Terms of 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds originally issued. 
Denomination: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be at least €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made subject and after deduction or 
withholding required to be made by law for or on account of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further 
amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
Status: 
Covered Bonds will all rank as more fully described in Condition 4 
(Status) of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común española), 
including Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 (as may be amended or replaced 
from time to time). 
Rating: 
The Issuer’s ratings as of the date of this Base Prospectus are “Baa2” 
(Stable) by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (long-term deposits) 
and “BBB-” (Positive) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (long-term). 
Series of Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Securities is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application may be made for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. 
Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, European or 
non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities 
or any other organised markets) agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant dealers in relation to the Series. No unlisted Securities may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The relevant Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Securities in the 
EEA, Spain, the UK, the United States and the Republic of Italy, and 
other such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Securities (see “Subscription 
and Sale”). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus includes the instructions and 
recommendations received, when appropriate, from the prudential supervisory authorities (i.e. European 
Central Bank and Bank of Spain) and that may have an impact on the financial statements and risks described 
hereinafter. 
Any investment in the Securities is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Securities, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Securities, the business of 
the Issuer (and the Group) and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below.  
Only risks which are specific and material to the Issuer and to the Securities are included herein as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the Group that are not 
currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial or that apply generally to the banking 
industry for which reason have not been included herein (such as reputational risk), may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the Issuer or the Group and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Securities may 
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Securities is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. Risks that apply generally to notes and/or bonds with the characteristics of the 
Securities (for instance, risks related to modifications of the Securities approved by a meeting of Holders of the 
Securities, risks related to the absence of limitations on the amount or type of further securities or indebtedness 
which the Bank may incur) and that apply generally to negotiable securities such as those related to the 
secondary market in general (for instance, illiquidity) have not been included herein. However, such additional 
risks may affect the value and liquidity of the Securities.  
Words and expressions defined in the “Conditions of the Notes” and/or in the “Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Business and financial risks 
The Group’s business is significantly affected by the credit risk of its customers and counterparties and 
is particularly exposed to the creditworthiness of individuals, families and small and medium 
enterprises (“SMEs”). 
The Group is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. Credit risk is defined as 
potential losses in respect of the full or partial breach of the debt repayment obligations of customers or 
counterparties (including, but not limited to, the insolvency of a counterparty or debtor), and also includes the 
value loss as a consequence of the credit quality of customers or counterparties. This risk is particularly 
significant in adverse market situations such as those prevailing today, principally due to the current 
macroeconomic situation affected, amongst other, by the persistent inflation in Spain and the European Union, 
the high interest rates and the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and in the middle east (see – “The Group’s business 
primarily depends on the Spanish economy and therefore, any adverse changes to the Spanish economy, such 
as the current high inflation environment, or any adverse situation could have a negative impact on the Group”).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
As of 31 December 2023, credits to customers and fixed income debt securities2 which amounted to €50,061.7 
(at amortized cost) million and €27,038.0 million, respectively, as of 31 December 2023 (€54,326 million and 
€27,550.4 million, respectively, as of 31 December 2022) represented 51.5% and 27.8%, respectively, of the 
total assets of the Group (55% and 27.8%, respectively, as of 31 December 2022). Although in some cases 
compliance with the referred contractual obligations is secured, collateral and security provided to the Group 
may be insufficient. 
In addition, the Group’s loan portfolio primarily consists of mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail 
customers3 (€33,022 million and €34,491 million representing 68.3% and 65.1% of the total performing loan 
book as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively) and loans to SMEs (representing 10% and 
11.8% of the total performing loan book as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively, and 
including the self-employed). The average interest rates of lending granted to customers4 has increased from 
1.44% as of 31 December 2022 to 2.91% as of 31 December 2023. Households and SMEs with a high level of 
debt are more likely to have difficulties in complying with their debt obligations due to unfavorable economic 
circumstances than other types of clients; therefore, the high concentration in this type of clients could have a 
negative impact on the income from interest of the Group. Furthermore, the high level of debt of households 
and SMEs also limits their capacity to incur any further debt, which could negatively affect the Group’s business 
activities.  
Non-performing or low credit quality loans could negatively impact the Group’s results of operations. As of 31 
December 2023, the non-performing loans (“NPLs”) amounted to €1,568 million (€1,938 million as of 31 
December 2022), the Group’s NPL ratio5 was 3.1% (3.5% as of 31 December 2022) and the Group’s NPL 
coverage ratio6 was 63.7% (66.5% as of 31 December 2022). In addition, the Group had €1,084.1 million of 
refinanced and restructured gross loans (of which 44.3% corresponded to NPLs) as of 31 December 2023 
(€1,316.4 million (of which 55.7% corresponded to NPLs) as of 31 December 2022).  
If the Group was unable to control the level of its non-performing or poor credit quality loans, this could 
adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations since the assets do not generate income 
but drain resources related to the recovery process in addition to the explicit costs that might be materialized 
through the constitution of provisions and other impairments.  
The Group is subject to significant exposure to real estate 
The Group is exposed to the Spanish real estate market both directly (through the real estate assets that it owns) 
and indirectly (given that real estate assets secure many of its outstanding loans).  
As of 31 December 2023, the gross carrying amount of foreclosed real estate assets amounted to €1,253.5 
million, which in net terms (€327.4 million) represented 0.3% of total assets (€1,833.1 million as of 31 
December 2022, which in net terms (€658.4 million) represented 0.7% of total assets) and the foreclosed assets 
coverage ratio7 stood at 73.9% (64.1% as of 31 December 2022). Additionally, as of 31 December 2023, the 
gross loans to real estate developers amounted to €722.5 million, which in net terms (€685 million) represented 
0.7% of total assets (€976 million as of 31 December 2022, which in net terms (€880.1 million) represented 
 
2 
Fixed income debt securities is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
3 
Mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail customers is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures”. 
4 
Average interest rates of lending granted to customers is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”. 
5 
NPL ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
6 
NPL coverage ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
7 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance 
Measures”.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
0.9% of total assets). As of 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of mortgage loans granted to its customers 
for households to buy housing totaled to €30,463.8 million, which represented 31.4% of total assets (€31,848.8 
million as of 31 December 2022, which represented 32.2% of total assets). 
During the fourth quarter of 2023, the main activity indicators of the Spanish real estate market have shown 
signs of decline. While investment in housing shows modest growth, there has been a decrease in the 
percentages of real state work execution without any signs of trend changes in the short term. On the demand 
side, the gradual increase in the cost of financing due to increase in interest rates, the increase of prices of real 
estate property and the weakening of the economy are the main limiting factors that could cause the demand 
for real estate properties to decline. Due to these circumstances, during 2023 the Group increased the provisions 
for impairment of foreclosed assets from €16.8 million in 2022 to €206.9 million in 2023.  
Any decreases in demand of real estate properties could result in decreases in property prices in Spain which 
would in turn reduce the value of the portfolio of real-estate assets owned by the Group and underlying collateral 
securing its mortgage loans and other property loans. In the event of defaults, this would therefore increase the 
expected losses of the Group. All of the aforementioned could materially and negatively affect the Group’s 
banking, capital and funding activities and have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
The Group’s business is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates 
The Group’s business is inherently subject to interest rate risk and any failure to manage changes in interest rate 
levels, yield curves and spreads may affect its business due to (i) the reduction of the spread between the average 
yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, (ii) the repricing value of the 
assets and liabilities of the Group and (iii) lower profitability. The results of the Group’s banking operations are 
affected by the management of interest rate risk, by which the Group manages the relationship between changes 
in market interest rates on the Group’s assets and liabilities and changes in the Group current and future cash 
flows and net interest income as a result therefrom. 
A rise or decline in interest rates would cause a progressive repricing of the Group’s variable rate assets8  
(€55,706 million have floating or variable rates, or will reprice immediately, as of 31 December 2023, 
representing 57.3% of the Group’s total assets, and €47,633 million as of 31 December 2022, representing 48% 
of the Group’s total assets) and liabilities9 (€40,184 million have floating or variable rates, or will reprice 
immediately, as of 31 December 2023, representing 41.4% of the Group’s total liabilities, and €48,809 million 
as of 31 December 2022, representing 52.7% of the Group’s total liabilities).  
In this regard, as of 31 December 2023, and under the assumptions of constant balance and following the 
modelling of non-maturity deposits recommended by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”), the Group 
estimates that a parallel and instantaneous increase of 100 basis points in interest rate curves would have had a 
positive impact of 0.03% on the Group’s net interest income once the balance sheet is fully repriced (which 
would happen in the financial year following the increase in interest rate curves). Conversely, the scenario of a 
parallel and instantaneous decrease of 100 basis points in interest rate curves would have had a negative impact 
of -4.99% on the Group’s net interest income once the balance sheet is fully repriced (which would happen in 
the financial year following the decrease in interest rate curves).   
If the yield on the Group’s interest-earning assets does not increase at the same time or to the same extent as 
the Group’s cost of funds, or if the Group’s cost of funds does not decline at the same time or to the same extent 
 
8 
 Both variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities are APMs. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”. 
9 
 Both variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities are APMs. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative 
Performance Measures”.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
as the decrease in yield on the Group’s interest-earning assets, the Group’s market value, current and future 
cash flows and net interest income may be materially and adversely affected.  
Changes in absolute interest rate levels are difficult to predict and are influenced by numerous factors beyond 
the Group’s control (i.e., the financial sector regulation in the markets in which the Group operates, the 
monetary policies developed by the ECB and other central banks and the Spanish and international political 
and economic climate). As explained in “The Group’s business primarily depends on the Spanish economy and 
therefore, any adverse changes to the Spanish economy, such as the current high inflation environment, or any 
adverse situation could have a negative impact on the Group”, the ECB decided to increase interest rates in 
order to reduce inflation levels. In particular, as of 20 September 2023 the ECB increased the interest rates on 
the main refinancing operations, the interest rates on the marginal lending facility and the interest rates on the 
deposit facility to 4.50%, 4.75% and 4.00%, respectively (compared to a level of interest rates of 0.5%, 0.75% 
and 0% respectively as of July 2022).  On 7 March 2024 and 11 April 2024, the ECB announced that interest 
rates will stay sufficiently restrictive for as long as necessary and if the outcome of the updated assessment of 
the inflation outlook, the dynamics of underlying inflation and the strength of monetary policy transmission 
increases ECB’s confidence that inflation is converging to the target in a sustained manner, the ECB may reduce 
the current level of monetary policy restriction by reducing interest rates.  
Although the increase in interest rates has had a positive effect on the Group’s interest margin in 2023, a 
sustained high interest rate environment  could be very damaging to the Group’s business through an increase 
in loan impairment charges as well as by significantly increasing defaults on customers’ loans if borrowers 
cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment or if they are unable to meet their greater interest expense 
obligations or a reduction of the value of certain financial assets of the Group, such as fixed-income assets.  
The Group faces risks relating to disruptions, dislocations, structural challenges and volatility in 
financial markets and is exposed to counterparty risk with the Spanish and foreign governments 
The business of the Group will be exposed to the risk of fluctuations in market price; the fair value of equities 
could therefore fall as a result of changes in share prices or indexes. Price risk affects positions classified as 
financial assets and liabilities held for trading, non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income. A 1% decrease in the market price would lead to a total impact on the 
Group’s equity of €0.82 million as of 31 December 2023 (net of the corresponding tax effect).  
Financial markets (in particular equity, debt and oil and other commodities markets) can experience sometimes 
sustained periods of unpredictable movements, severe dislocations, liquidity disruptions and economic shocks, 
some or all of which may not be linked to changes in the broader economic situation. The Group’s wholesale 
funds (markets)10  amounted to €9,923 million, or 10.2% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2023 
(€8,097 million or 8.2% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2022). This unpredictable or extreme 
market conditions could result in, among other things, a delay in raising funding or capital, the issuance of 
capital and funding of different types or under different terms than otherwise would have been issued or realized, 
or the incurrence of additional or increased funding and capital costs compared to the costs borne in a more 
stable market environment.  
There can be no assurance that market volatility will not result in a prolonged market decline, or that market 
declines for other reasons will not occur in the future. Market decline could lead to the Group suffering 
significant losses, especially if the slump were to persist for an extended period of time. Therefore, market 
volatility, liquidity disruptions, or market dislocations could materially and adversely affect the Group’s 
 
10 Wholesale funds (markets) is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
banking, capital and funding activities and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, 
business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Any decline in the credit ratings of the states issuing the debt securities acquired by the Group could adversely 
affect the value of the respective securities held by Unicaja Banco in its various portfolios. Any decline in the 
credit ratings of Spanish public debt would also likely increase the cost of financing this public debt, which 
could result in increased taxation or lower government spending and, consequently, could have an adverse effect 
on Spanish economic conditions and lead to an increase in sovereign default risk. As of 31 December 2023, the 
exposure of the Group to sovereign risk11 amounted to €25,332 million, representing 26.1% of the total assets 
(€25,930 million, representing 26.2% of the total assets, as of 31 December 2022), where Spanish sovereign 
exposure represented 65% of that exposure (63.4% as of 31 December 2022), Italian sovereign exposure 
represented 29.1% (31% as of 31 December 2022), and Portuguese sovereign exposure represented 0.6% (0.6% 
as of 31 December 2022), while the remaining 5.3% of sovereign exposure corresponded to France, Belgium, 
Germany, the Netherlands, the United States and other countries (5% as of 31 December 2022).  
A downgrade of the Group’s public debt portfolio could also adversely affect the extent to which it can use 
these securities as collateral for European Central Bank (“ECB”) refinancing and, indirectly, for refinancing 
with other securities.  
In addition, a potential downgrade in the credit rating of Spain could negatively affect the way financial 
institutions (including the Group) fund their balance sheets, increasing their effective cost and worsening their 
financial results. Furthermore, any downgrade in the credit rating of Spain may increase the risk of a downgrade 
of the Group’s credit ratings by the rating agencies. 
Consequently, if any of the governments and related public entities to which the Group has exposure fails to 
comply with its obligations under debt or other obligations or suffer any credit rating downgrade or significant 
increase in the yield on its debt, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Funding and liquidity risks are inherent in the Group’s operations 
Liquidity risk entails uncertainties relating to the Group’s ability, under adverse conditions, to access funding 
necessary to cover its obligations to customers, meet its liabilities as they come due or at bearable cost for the 
Bank and satisfy capital requirements. It includes the risk of mismanagement of the Group’s liquidity position 
which can negatively result in unexpected increases in the cost of funding, the risk of misaligned maturities 
between assets and liabilities, as well as the risk of inability to meet the Group’s payment obligations on time 
at a reasonable price due to liquidity pressures. The Group is subject to the risk that it cannot meet the Group’s 
payments and collateral obligations when due without significant losses or at all. The Group is also subject to 
the risk of not being able to meet expected or unexpected current or future cash outflows or collateral needs 
without affecting either daily operations or the Group’s financial condition.  
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s financing structure in terms of total liabilities and equity consists of 
64.1% of retail funding12 (€62,284 million) (63.6% or €62,943 million as of 31 December 2022), 5.6% of 
deposits of public administrations (€5,454 million) (7% or €6,889 million as of 31 December 2022), 10.2% of 
wholesale funds (markets)13 (€9,923 million) (8.2% or €8,097 million as of 31 December 2022), 1% of central 
banks funding (€954 million) (5.4% or €5,321 million as of 31 December 2022), 5.9% of deposits and repos 
from credit institutions (€5,773 million) (3.5% or €3,418 million as of 31 December 2022), 6.3% of other 
 
11 Sovereign risk is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”. 
12 Retail funding is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
13 Wholesale funds (markets) is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
liabilities14 (6,119 million) (5.9% or €5,842 million as of 31 December 2022) and 6.8% of equity (€6,646.1 
million) (6.5% or €6,459.1 million as of 31 December 2022).  
With regard to funding risk, the Group relies on customer deposits from retail, private and corporate banking 
customers to meet the majority of its funding needs. As of 31 December 2023, the total amount of customer 
deposits (non-market) excluding valuation adjustments15 amounted to €67,738 million, or 69.7% of the Group’s 
total assets as of such date (€69,833 million or 70.6% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2022). Such 
deposits may be subject to fluctuation as a result of several factors, some of which are outside the Group’s 
control. The short-term nature of part of this source of financing could cause liquidity problems in the future if 
deposits do not reach the expected volumes or are not renewed. If a significant number of depositors withdraw 
their deposits or do not reinvest after their termination, the Group’s liquidity could suffer. 
Wholesale funds (markets) amounted to €9,923 million, or 10.2% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 
2023 (€8,097 million or 8.2% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2022). Although as of 31 December 
2023, the rise in interest rates did not have a significant effect on the Group’s remuneration of deposits (as of 
31 December 2023, the average remuneration of deposits16 of the Bank was 0.41%), in the event that wholesale 
markets funding were to be no longer available or too expensive, or if the ECB decides to further increase 
interest rates and/or maintain the current interest rate levels, the Group could be forced to raise interest rates 
paid on deposits to attract more customers and/or sell assets, possibly at reduced prices.  
The persistence or worsening of adverse market conditions or further increases of interest rates could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to access liquidity and negatively impact upon its financing costs 
(either directly or indirectly).  
In addition, most of the Group’s long-term funding has been formalized through mortgage covered bonds. As 
of 31 December 2023, the outstanding amount of mortgage covered bonds was €8,222.1 million (of which 
€4,022 million corresponds to mortgage covered bonds assigned to a securitization fund by the Issuer and other 
financial institutions (“cédulas multicedentes”) (€9,172 million (€4,472 million) as of 31 December 2022). 
Moreover, as of 31 December 2023, the total outstanding amount of mortgage covered bonds that are expected 
to mature before 31 December 2025 amounted to €2,782million, representing 33,84% of the total outstanding 
amount of mortgage covered bonds.  
Although as of 31 December 2023, the Group’s LTD ratio17 was 73.7% (78.6% as of 31 December 2022) and 
the Group’s liquidity coverage (“LCR”) and net stable funding (“NSFR”) ratios were in excess of the Group’s 
regulatory requirements of 100% for both ratios (308% and 149% as of 31 December 2023, respectively, and 
284% and 143% as of 31 December 2022, respectively), there can be no assurance that this will be the case in 
the future.  
In light of all of the aforesaid, in the present economic climate and given the uncertain economic scenario, the 
Group is unable to provide assurance that Unicaja Banco can meet its liquidity requirements or fulfil them 
without incurring higher funding costs, which could have a substantial adverse impact on its business, results 
and/or financial and equity position. 
 
14 Other liabilities is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
15 Customer deposits (non-market) excluding valuation adjustments is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—
Alternative Performance Measures”.  
16  Average remuneration of deposits is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance 
Measures”. 
17 LTD ratio is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
A downgrading of Unicaja Banco’s credit rating could have a negative effect on Unicaja Banco’s 
activities, financial condition and results of operations 
Unicaja Banco has been assigned the following ratings by credit rating agencies: 
Rating agency(1) 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Outlook 
Latest date of 
review of rating  
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited(2) 
BBB-
F3 
Positive
13 May 2024
Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A.U.(2) 
Baa2(3)  
Prime-2 
Stable
4 April 2024
Notes: 
 
(1) 
The details of the rating scales used and their meaning is found on the websites of each of the credit rating 
agencies (Fitch: link and Moody’s: link). The information contained in these websites is not part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the CNMV. 
(2) 
Registered with ESMA in accordance with the provisions of CRA Regulation. 
(3) 
Long-Terms Deposits 
 
Any downgrading of Unicaja Banco’s credit rating could drive up the costs of funding or require the Group to 
replace funding lost due to the downgrading or possible downgrading of its rating; restrict Unicaja Banco’s 
access to capital markets and certain types of instrument and money and financial markets; require additional 
collateral to be provided to secure derivative contracts and other secure funding agreements; adversely affect 
the sale or commercialization of products; reduce the pool of possible investors in Unicaja Banco; hinder its 
ability to retain customers; and affect Unicaja Banco’s involvement in commercial transactions. Any of these 
factors could erode the Group’s liquidity and negatively affect its activities, financial condition and results. 
Given the difficulties faced by the financial markets and financial services sector, it cannot be guaranteed that 
the ratings agencies will not change their ratings or outlook for Unicaja Banco. 
Increased competition in the markets where the Group operates may adversely affect its growth 
prospects and operations 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive. Financial sector reforms in these markets 
(mainly in Spain) have increased competition among both local and foreign financial institutions, and the Bank 
believes that this trend will continue in the future. In addition, the trend towards consolidation in the banking 
sector has created larger and stronger banks with which the Group must now compete.  
The Group also faces competition from non-bank competitors, such as brokerage companies, department stores 
(for some credit products), leasing and factoring companies, mutual fund and pension fund management 
companies and insurance companies, “crowdfunding” and other financial technology developments, financial 
services technologies (Fintechs) which include “payment initiation services providers” and “information 
services providers”, internet-based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone companies and internet search 
engines and other large digital players such as Amazon, Google, Facebook or Apple, who have also started to 
offer financial services (mainly payments and credit) ancillary to their core business. Several of these 
competitors may have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant 
financial, marketing and other resources. They may adopt more aggressive pricing and rates and devote more 
resources to technology, infrastructure and marketing. Additionally, these untraditional banking services 
providers currently have a competitive advantage over traditional services providers as they aren’t subject to 
banking regulations. The size of the EU non-bank financial sector amounted to €41.3 trillion as of the end of 
2022, while the assets included in the non-bank financial sector made up for around 38% of the assets of the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
overall European financial sector (source: EU Non-Bank Financial Intermediation Risk Monitor 2023, 
published by the European Systemic Risk Board). 
Any failure to compete with current competitors that also offer online services retaining and strengthening 
customer relationships or to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in customer 
behavior, could have an adverse effect on the Group’s competitive position and business. Furthermore, the 
increase in competition could also require an increase in the interest rates offered for deposits or the decrease 
in interest rates applied to loans, with the subsequent negative impact in profitability, performance, market 
shares and business perspectives of the Group. 
Macroeconomic risks 
The Group’s business primarily depends on the Spanish economy and therefore, any adverse changes 
to the Spanish economy, such as the current high inflation environment, or any adverse situation could 
have a negative impact on the Group 
Following the merger with Liberbank, S.A. (“Liberbank” and the “Merger”, respectively), the Group has 
became the fifth largest listed bank in Spain in terms of total assets (as per Spanish Confederation of Savings 
Banks (CECA) and Spanish Banks Association (AEB) reported figures), having presence across approximately 
80% of the Spanish territory, with almost 100% of the Group’s revenues derived from products and services 
sold in Spain. The Group’s business and performance therefore depend significantly on economic conditions 
and market trends in Spain, particularly in the autonomous regions in which the Group has developed a 
significant portion of its banking business (i.e., Andalucía, Cantabria, Asturias, Extremadura, Castilla la Mancha 
Castilla y León and Madrid, together, the Group’s “Home Regions”) and, to a lesser extent, on economic 
conditions in the EEA and globally.  
Accordingly, any deterioration in Spain’s macroeconomic outlook should see increased levels of defaults and a 
lower demand for credit. As a Spanish bank primarily focused on servicing individuals and SMEs, the Group’s 
business performance is impacted by the economic health and employment status of its customers and high 
levels of unemployment, especially in the Home Regions, have historically resulted, for example, in a decrease 
in new mortgage borrowing, lower deposit levels and reduced or deferred levels of consumer spending, which 
adversely impact the Group’s revenue generation capability. In addition, higher unemployment rates can also 
have a negative impact on the Group’s results through an increase in customer loan arrears, forbearance, 
impairment provisions and defaults. 
This deterioration in Spain’s macroeconomic outlook could result from, for example, an escalation of the war 
in Ukraine, the military conflict that outbroke in the Middle East on 7 October 2023, its escalation and any 
resulting conflicts in the region, the continuation and intensification of inflationary pressures or the potential 
resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the increase in energy, oil, gas and other commodities 
due to the war in Ukraine could now be exacerbated by the ongoing military conflict in the Middle East and the 
ensuing attacks on commercial shipping vessels travelling through the Red Sea. This could further increase the 
inflationary pressures which have already posed a significant challenge to the global economy in the last three 
years as a result of a number of factors, including the revitalization of demand for consumer goods, labour 
shortages or breakdowns of global supply chains after the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Inflation rates in the European Union decreased from 3.1% in January 2024 to 2.6% in March 2024, while the 
inflation rate in Spain went down from 3.5% in January 2024 to 3.3% in March 2024 (Source: Eurostat – March 
2024). Despite the decrease in inflation rates in Spain, they are still expected to remain around the current levels, 
with inflation expected to reach a level of 2.7% at the end of the year 2024 and 1.9% and 1.7% at the end of the 
years 2025 and 2026, respectively (Sources: Informe trimestral y proyecciones macroeconómicas de la 
economía española. Marzo de 2024). The expected decrease in the rate of inflation derives from the tightening

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
of monetary policy which has been conducted by the ECB in the last year through a progressive increase in 
interest rates levels. In this regard, the ECB announced on 14 September 2023 that the interest rates on the main 
refinancing operations, the interest rates on the marginal lending facility and the interest rates on the deposit 
facility would be increased by 25 basis points to 4.50%, 4.75% and 4.00%, respectively, with effect from 20 
September 2023. Subsequently, on 7 March 2024 and 11 April 2024, the ECB announced that interest rates 
would remain unchanged at those levels (see “The Group’s business is particularly sensitive to changes in 
interest rates” above). 
The current inflationary environment coupled with high interest rates could impact households, self-employed 
workers, and SMEs and could lead to difficulties in the repayment of debt, especially by borrowers indebted at 
floating rates or with lower income (on February 2024, the 12-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the reference interest rate for floating rate loans in Spain, reached a level of approximately 
3.6% on average (Source: Bank of Spain (Boletín Estadístico)).  
All in all, despite the initial recovery of the Spanish GDP, which grew year on year by 5.3% during the year 
2021 and 5.5% during the year 2022, Spanish GDP growth slowed down to 2.5% in 2023 (Source: National 
Institute of Statistics, INE and Bank of Spain). In the future and within this current inflationary and high interest 
rates context, the Bank of Spain estimates that the Spanish GDP will only grow by 1.9% in 2024, 1.9% in 2025 
and 1.7% in 2026 (as expected in its previous forecast) (Source: Informe trimestral y proyecciones 
macroeconómicas de la economía española. Marzo de 2024).  
In view of the material adverse effect of the current macroeconomic scenario on the economic growth in Spain, 
the EEA and globally, Unicaja Banco has been continuously assessing and managing the impact on the Group’s 
financial position and risk profile and the Group allocated lending provisions amounting to €146.2 million in 
the year ended on 31 December 2023 (€214.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2022). The decrease in 
the amount of lending provisions in the year ended 2023 is due to the use of funds by the Group to cover losses 
related to these provisions. Moreover, given the inflationary and high interest rates context particularly during 
the year 2022, which is still generating uncertainty on the evolution of the main macroeconomic variables and 
on the capacity of the real economy and households to meet their payments obligations, the Group decided to 
apply in the year 2022 an adjustment for a total amount of €73 million to the results of its internal collective 
estimation models for credit risk hedging, in order to reflect the potential credit deterioration that could be 
caused by the above-mentioned situation.  
In addition to the above, during the year 2023, several financial institutions in major markets have experienced 
significant financial difficulties. While the reasons for these difficulties have varied from one institution to 
another, collectively they have increased volatility in financial markets and, in some cases, caused significant 
withdrawals of deposits from banks perceived to be vulnerable. One of the most significant banks that has 
experienced financial difficulties, Credit Suisse (to which the Bank was not materially exposed), was acquired 
by UBS in a transaction supported by Swiss competent authorities, with a view to avoiding the systemic impacts 
that might have occurred in connection with a resolution of the bank or similar proceeding. It is not possible to 
predict the duration or severity of the difficulties currently experienced in the banking and financial sector. If 
the unstable situation in the banking sector continues for a significant period of time or deteriorates, Unicaja 
Banco could experience losses as a result of its exposure to other major financial institutions. Furthermore, a 
number of additional factors may continue to affect the economic outlook such as a new escalation of tensions 
between the U.S. and China despite prior agreements, social tensions arising from an uneven recovery across 
sectors and groups and other geopolitical tensions or similar events outside of the Unicaja Banco’s control. 
These may further contribute to an economic slowdown, the occurrence of an abrupt correction in the valuation 
of some assets in the financial markets or the reduction of credit supply. 
The appearance of the aforementioned risks deriving from the economic uncertainty in international markets 
arising from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, the curent inflation rates,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
the high interest rates and the instability in the financial sector, could materially and negatively affect Unicaja 
Banco’s banking, capital and funding activities and have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Internal operation risks 
After the Merger hidden or unknown liabilities and defects may emerge  
On 29 December 2020, Unicaja Banco announced that its Board of Directors had approved the joint merger 
plan for the merger of Liberbank (absorbed company) into Unicaja Banco (absorbing company). The Merger 
was approved by the shareholders’ meetings of Unicaja Banco and Liberbank, both held on 31 March 2021 and, 
after obtaining the required authorisations, the Merger was registered with the Commercial Registry of Málaga 
on 30 July 2021 and, thus, became effective as of that date. 
The Merger had certain impacts on the Bank’s financial position, including €994 million of total net fair value 
adjustments made at the date on which Unicaja Banco took control of Liberbank’s equity, €17 million of 
acquisition expenses, €22 million for restructuring the branch network and IT and €142.6 million of provisions 
made by Liberbank prior to the Merger for the purposes of personnel restructuring.  
On 6 December 2021 the Bank announced that it had reached an agreement with the legal representatives of 
the employees in connection with a redundancy scheme that will affect up to a maximum of 1,513 employees 
and that will be implemented from the completion of the Merger until 31 December 2024. As a result of this 
agreement and the estimated costs related to the restructuring process associated with the technological 
integration and reorganization of the network after the Merger, Unicaja Banco recorded provisions amounting 
to €221 million as of 31 December 2023 (€280 million as of 31 December 2022). The decrease in the amount 
of these provisions in the year ended 2023 is due to the use of funds by the Group to cover costs associated with 
the implementation of the redundancy scheme during 2023.  
Given the limited scope of the legal and business due diligence conducted on Liberbank, the assets and liabilities 
transferred and acquired by Unicaja Banco by universal succession as a result of the Merger could conceal 
material liabilities or defects that were not apparent or perceptible or known to Unicaja Banco, or that were not 
detected, at the time of the due diligence or contingencies arising from past events that Unicaja Banco did not 
know about or could not anticipate. Unicaja Banco may therefore be faced with unexpected and hidden 
liabilities and contingencies and unplanned additional costs which could materially adversely affect the Group’s 
business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and the ability of the Bank to 
maintain its relationships with employees and suppliers or any other business relationships after the Merger, 
generating unforeseen compensation costs and expenses. 
Operational risk is inherent to the Group’s business and, in particular, the Group faces risks from 
failures of its information technology systems or internal management systems or processes  
The Group is exposed to operational risks arising from the uncertainty inherent in the Group’s business 
undertakings and decisions. Examples of operational risks include: (i) internal fraud (i.e., malicious damages 
intentionally caused by internal parties); (ii) external fraud; (iii) compliance risk (i.e., violation of applicable 
laws, rules or internal procedures); (iv) employment malpractices and lack of workplace safety; (v) failure to 
meet obligations in relation to customers, products and business practices; (vi) disruption of infrastructure or 
system failures; (vii) IT security breaches or cyberattacks; and (viii) inadequate monitoring of internal 
compliance with regulations.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
As of 31 December 2023, the own fund requirements associated to the operational risk of the Group amounted 
to €238.6 million (10% of the own fund requirements) (€228.1 million (8.4% of the own fund requirements) as 
of 31 December 2022, respectively18).  
The Group’s technological infrastructure is critical to the operations of its business and delivery of products 
and services to customers. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total volume of operations carried out through 
the online and smartphone platforms amounted to €2,993 million while the percentage of the Group’s customers 
using these platforms was 64.4%. Even with the back-up recovery systems and contingency plans that the Group 
has in place, the Group cannot assure that interruptions, failures, cyberattacks or breaches in capacity or security 
of these processes and systems will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed.  
This type of risk is especially relevant as the Group’s business depends on its ability to process a large number 
of transactions efficiently and accurately and on the reliable use of information technology, computing services, 
e-mails, software and network services, on the safe access to the processing, storage and transmission of 
information (including confidential information) through computers and networks, and on the maintenance of 
precise documentation, record-keeping and archiving.  
Any materialization of operational risks could lead to losses, fines, claims and regulatory actions among other 
possible effects, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Legal, regulatory and compliance risks 
The Group may be subject to new taxes and levies 
The Group may be subject to new taxes and levies which could negatively affect its results of operations. 
In particular, Spanish Law 38/2022 of 27 December 2022 (“Law 38/2022”), which entered into force on 29 
December 2022, introduced a temporary levy on credit institutions and credit finance companies (the 
“Temporary Levy on Credit Institutions”). This bank levy will apply during the years 2023 and 2024 (unless 
the Spanish Government decides to make this levy permanent).  
The payment obligation in respect of the Temporary Levy on Credit Institutions is triggered on the first day of 
the relevant calendar year and must be satisfied within the first 20 calendar days of September of that year. This 
notwithstanding, institutions are required to make an advance payment for 50% of the amount due within the 
first 20 calendar days of February of the relevant year. 
The amount of the Temporary Levy on Credit Institutions to be paid by each entity subject to Law 38/2022 will 
be 4.8% of the sum of their total interest margin plus fee and commission income and expenses derived from 
the business carried out in Spain as stated in the income statement for the calendar year before the payment 
obligation is triggered and as determined according to applicable accounting standards. The levy will be 
deducted for the amount of advance payment made.  
The “Other operating expenses” heading in the income statement for as at December 31, 2023 includes an 
amount of 63,844,000 euros for the temporary levy on credit institutions corresponding to the 2023 year.  
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s estimate of the amount that this levy will ultimately entail in 2024 is 
€78,6 million.     
 
18 The Bank use the standardised approach to calculate the own fund requirements associated to operational risk, in accordance with CRR.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Risk of not recovering certain tax assets 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) amounting to €4,548.1 million, 
representing 4.7% of its total assets (€4,617. million as of 31 December 2022, representing 4.7% of its total 
assets). As of 31 December 2023, CET 1 deductions related to DTAs amounted to €1,229.1 million and €1,283.3 
million on a phased in and fully loaded basis, respectively. These assets or tax credits are mainly derived from 
(i) negative taxable basis for corporate tax due to losses in a given fiscal year (carried forward tax losses), (ii) 
bad debt provisions that have not been considered to be tax deductible and (iii) other temporary adjustments 
recognized in a given fiscal year, that are pending to be applied.  
The recovery of certain tax assets, in particular, deductions pending to be applied, is subject to certain time 
limitations. However, the Group’s ability to recover tax assets in the future is not subject to time limitations, 
provided that temporary differences are typically recovered following the recovery path foreseen accounting-
wise, and there is no time limit to offset carried forward tax losses.  
Out of the €4,548.1 million total DTAs as of 31 December 2023 (€4,617 million as of 31 December 2022), 
€1,168.2 million (€1,149.3 million as of 31 December 2022) are derived from carried forward tax losses. The 
eventual recovery of these tax assets is subject to, or limited by, the occurrence of certain factors, such as 
obtaining sufficient profits, the non-reduction of the corporate tax rate or the existence of discrepancies with 
the Spanish tax authorities in the settlement of such tax.  
Therefore, in the event that (i) the Group generates insufficient profits (or no profit at all) within the applicable 
time to offset non-monetizable tax credits; (ii) the corporate income tax rate is reduced, resulting in a reduction 
of the DTAs accounting wise or in a restriction to use certain DTAs subject to time limitations; (iii) discrepancies 
are detected in previous tax returns as a consequence of audits undertaken by the Spanish tax authorities 
resulting in a reduction of the Group’s DTAs; or (iv) there are changes in current regulations, or their application 
or interpretation, the Group could be totally or partially restricted from recovering the amount of its DTAs, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and/or financial 
condition. 
Increasingly onerous capital, liquidity, funding and other regulatory requirements constitute one of the 
Group’s main regulatory challenges  
The Bank and the Group are subject to certain capital, liquidity and funding requirements (as described in the 
section “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements”). Changes to the solvency requirements 
for credit institutions and insurance companies and to various transparency requirements, from a practical point 
of view, give priority to the highest quality capital, common equity tier 1 (“CET1”), imposing stricter eligibility 
rules and higher ratios, all with the aim of ensuring higher solvency standards in the financial sector. These 
changes, in particular the setting of minimum capital or solvency ratios, together with the capital buffers 
required in anticipation of future contingencies, the leverage ratio and the liquidity requirements, among others, 
are having an adverse impact on the business and margins of banks and insurance companies. For example, on 
16 May 2024 and as described in section “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements – Capital 
Requirements”, the Bank of Spain announced its intention to increase the countercyclical capital buffer 
applicable to credit exposures in Spain from 0% to 1% (0.5% from the fourth quarter of 2024 (applicable in the 
fourth quarter of 2025) and 0.5% from the fourth quarter of 2025 (applicable in the fourth quarter of 2026)). 
Despite this announcement, the Bank of Spain may change or reverse the planned actions for circumstances 
that as of the date of this Prospectus are uncertain and are beyond the Bank’s control.  
There can be no assurance that the application of the existing regulatory requirements, standards or 
recommendations will not require the Group to issue additional securities that qualify as regulatory capital or 
eligible securities (this requirement to issue additional securities may, in addition, impair the ability of the Bank 
or the Group to manage their funding and capital resources in the most efficient way), to liquidate assets, to

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
impose business restrictions or to take any other actions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
On 30 November 2023, the Bank was informed by the ECB of the results of the supervisory review and 
evaluation process (the “SREP”), which include the supervisory decision regarding capital requirements 
applicable to the Group for 2024 (applicable both at an individual and consolidated level). The details of these 
capital requirements are described below:  
 
 
CET1 ratio   Total capital  
Pillar 1 .....................................................................................................................  
4.50%
8.00%
Pillar 2 (P2R)19 ........................................................................................................  
1.27%
2.25%
Conservation buffer .................................................................................................  
2.5%
2.50%
Other buffers ...........................................................................................................  
0.00%
0.00%
Total requirement .................................................................................................  
8.27%
12.75%
 
The table below sets out the Group’s capital position as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022:  
 
 
31 December 202320 
 
31 December 202221 
 
 
 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
 
CET1 ratio ..................................... 
 
15.0%
14.7% 
13.7%
13%
T1 ratio .......................................... 
 
16.8%
16.5% 
15.3%
14.6%
Total capital ratio .......................... 
 
18.8%
18.5% 
17.1%
16.4%
As of 31 March 2024, the Group’s capital position22 was as follows: a phased in CET1 ratio of 14.53% (14.50% 
fully loaded), a phased in T1 ratio of 16.42% (16.40% fully loaded) and a phased in Total capital ratio of 19.54% 
(19.51% fully loaded). The decrease of the phased in CET ratio as of 31 March 2024 with respect to the phased 
in CET1 ratio as of 31 December 2023 was mainly to the deduction of the full amount of the Share Buyback 
Program that was implemented by the Bank for up to €100 million (see “Recent developments – Share Buyback 
Program”) and to the mark to market of the equity investments portfolio.   
As of 31 March 2024, the phased-in leverage ratio of the Group was 4.96% (5.23% as of 31 December 2023) 
and the fully-loaded leverage ratio was 4.95% (5.14% as of 31 December 2023) (CRR sets a binding leverage 
ratio requirement of 3% of Tier 1 capital).  
Additionally, as described in “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements–MREL 
requirements”, the Bank, as a Spanish credit institution, must maintain a minimum requirement of own funds 
and eligible liabilities (known as “MREL”). On 18 March 2024, the Bank received a formal communication 
from the Bank of Spain of its MREL requirement, both total and subordinated, on a consolidated basis, as 
determined by the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”). In accordance with such communication, Unicaja Banco 
must comply: (i) at all times since receipt of the communication, with a total MREL requirement of 22.44% of 
the total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer 
 
19 P2R only applies at a consolidated level. 
20 Capital ratios as of December 2023 include the profit for the year ended 31 December 2023, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.  
 
22 Capital ratios as of March 2024 include the profit for the period ended 31 March 2024, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
requirement”) and 5.91% of the leverage ratio exposure (“LRE”); and (ii) by 31 July 2024 (date of the 
expiration of the grace period of 3 years from the date the aggregated assets of the Group exceeded €100 billion 
as a result of the Merger), Unicaja Banco must comply with a subordinated MREL requirement of 16.22% of 
the TREA (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”) and a subordinated and 
total MREL requirement of 6.56% of the LRE. As of 31 December 2023, Unicaja Banco reached a MREL ratio 
of 27.06% of the TREA and 8.42% of the LRE at consolidated level.   
In addition, the Group’s insurance business, which is carried out through its subsidiaries Unicorp Vida, 
Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. (“Unicorp Vida”) and Unión del Duero Seguros de Vida, S.A.U. 
(“Unión del Duero Vida”) is subject to solvency and supervisory regulations referred to as “Solvency II”. 
Solvency II comprises Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and Council, of 25 November  2009, 
on the taking up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance (“Solvency II Directive”) and several 
regulations supplementing the Solvency II Directive which are directly applicable in the EU Member States 
(mainly the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) of 2015/35 of October 10, 2014 supplementing the 
Solvency II Directive and the relevant implementing regulations in the EU Member States). As of 31 December 
2023, the solvency ratio of Unicorp Vida and Unión del Duero Vida was 262% and 242%, respectively, is above 
the minimum requirement of 100%.   
Failure by the Bank or the Group to comply with certain of the existing regulatory requirements (including 
regulations applicable to banks and insurance companies) could result in the imposition of administrative 
actions or sanctions, which would have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. In addition, any failure to comply with the Bank’s or the Group’s capital requirements 
could result in further P2R (as defined in “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements”) or the 
adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 
11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (“Law 11/2015”), 
which, together with Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing Law 11/2015 (“Royal Decree 
1012/2015”) implemented BRRD into Spanish law, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In particular, non-compliance with the combined capital buffer requirement (or the combined capital buffer 
requirement when considered in addition to the MREL requirements), requires Unicaja Banco to calculate the 
Maximum Distributable Amount (or the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision) (each as defined 
in “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements”), so that it could become subject to restrictions 
on (i) CET1 capital distributions, (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension 
benefits and (iii) payments linked to additional tier 1 capital instruments, all such discretionary payments being 
from then on subject to the resulting Maximum Distributable Amount (or the MREL-Maximum Distributable 
Amount Provision, as applicable).  
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future. 
Despite the flexibility measures adopted by the competent bodies in the present circumstances, the current 
regulatory requirements and potential new and stricter regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s business and operations and, in particular, could affect its ability to pay dividends or make 
discretionary payments. These regulations could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Groups 
business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
The Group is subject to regulatory and legal proceedings  
The Group is, and in the future may be, involved in various claims, disputes, legal proceedings and 
governmental investigations. The outcome of these claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
investigations is difficult to predict, and, therefore, the Issuer cannot state with confidence what the eventual 
outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending 
matter may be or if the reserves accounted will be sufficient.  
Unicaja Banco has recognized provisions covering obligations that may arise from various ongoing legal 
proceedings, totaling €255.1 million as of 31 December 2023 (€239.3 million as of 31 December 2022). These 
provisions relate to several legal claims for amounts that are not material by themselves and the majority of 
which are associated with potential claims relating to floor clauses. 
While the Group has included provisions in its annual accounts to cover a potential adverse outcome of legal 
proceedings, such provisions may prove inadequate or insufficient. In addition, defending current and future 
actions is time-consuming and may result in the diversion of resources including management time. 
Accordingly, any existing and significant future claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
See “Description of the Issuer—Legal and arbitration proceedings” for further information on the legal 
proceedings referred to above, a brief description of which is included below.  
Floor clauses litigation 
Among the legal proceedings in which the Group is involved, there are several proceedings related to clauses 
that set a minimum interest rate applicable to mortgage loans (known as “floor clauses”, which set minimum 
interest rate payable by borrowers, whereby the borrower agrees to pay a minimum interest rate to the lender, 
regardless of the applicable benchmark rate). Borrowers have challenged the validity of such clauses in recent 
years on various grounds and courts have rendered various judgments, directed both at specific financial 
institutions (including the Bank) and the financial sector in general, declaring the invalidity of these clauses 
that set minimum interest rates. 
As of 31 December 2023, the total outstanding principal amount of performing loans that include floor clauses 
amounted to €3,037 million, representing 7% of the Group’s performing loans23 and the Group has recognised 
an accounting provision of €106 million to face risks and contingencies related to this matter (€114 million as 
of 31 December 2022).  
Other litigation 
Other legal proceedings in which the Group is involved include legal proceedings in relation to  (i) the expenses 
relating to the formalization of mortgages (Unicaja Banco has recognized provisions covering obligations that 
may arise from such ongoing legal proceedings, totaling €29.8 million as of 31 December 2023); and (ii) claims 
in relation to Law 57/1968, of July 27, on the collection of advance amounts in the construction and sale of 
housing (Ley 57/1968, de 27 de julio, sobre percibo de cantidades anticipadas en la construcción y venta de 
viviendas), which is still applicable to all purchases of housing made until 1 January 2016, for the amounts 
delivered by individuals to developers on account of the purchase of housing, when said payments had been 
channeled through a credit institution (as of 31 December 2023, the the Group has recognised an accounting 
provision of  €20.1 million to face risks and contingencies related to these proceedings).  
RISKS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES 
Risks related to the Securities generally 
 
23 Performing loans is an APM. For further information please see “Description of the Issuer—Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
The Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Securities may be redeemed prior their maturity date on certain 
dates or periods or in the case certain events occur.  
The optional redemption features that may be embedded in the terms and conditions of a specific Tranche of 
Securities include: 
• 
Redemption of Notes due to a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event) 
of the Conditions of the Notes.  
• 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes due to a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 10(d) 
(Redemption due to a Capital Event) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
• 
Redemption of the Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
• 
Redemption of the Securities at the option of the Issuer on any date so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, pursuant to Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Conditions of the 
Notes and Condition 9(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds.  
• 
Redemption of the Securities if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Securities is 
equal or less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the relevant Securities originally issued, pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call) 
of the Conditions of the Notes and Condition 9(d) (Issuer Residual Call) of the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds.  
Any redemption of the Notes shall only be made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
provided that the Issuer has been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable.  
If, in relation to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms and has occurred and is continuing or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may 
redeem the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes during the five years following the issue date of such Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes only if:  
(i) 
either of the conditions set forth in article 78 of the CRR are met; and  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to 
be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the regulatory reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance.  
Any optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Securities. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Securities, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased 
likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period if the market believes that the relevant Securities become eligible for redemption in the near 
term.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The Issuer may choose to redeem the Securities at times when its borrowing costs are lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. In any such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the Securities and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Securities will be made at the 
absolute discretion of the Issuer taking into account factors such as, but not limited to, the economic impact of 
exercising such option to redeem the Securities, any tax consequences, the regulatory requirements and the 
prevailing market conditions.  
Holders of the Securities should also be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Securities until maturity. 
Securities issued as “Green Notes” or as “Green Covered Bonds”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, 
may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria  
If the relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Securities specify that the Securities to be issued 
are “Green Notes” or “Green Covered Bonds”, the Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of those Securities to finance and/or refinance, in part or in full, new and/or existing loans, investments 
or projects that meet the eligibility criteria outlined in the green bond framework approved and published on 
the website of the Issuer (https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-
bonos-verdes)24 (the “Green Bond Framework”) (such Securities being “Green Securities”). The Second 
Party Opinion (as defined below) has confirmed the alignment of the Green Bond Framework with the ICMA 
Green 
Bond 
Principles 
and 
it 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes) 25 (for more 
information see – “Use of Proceeds”).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Green Bond Framework and the “Use 
of Proceeds” section regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Securities, together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. The Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) 
may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
It should be noted that there is no market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled 
project and the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time. In particular, there is no assurance 
that the use of such proceeds for any project will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called “EU Taxonomy”), the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the “European Green Bond Regulation”), 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA or any further 
regulations or standards that may be approved or created, or by its own by-laws or governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of 
 
24  Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV. 
25 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green Bond Framework. The EU Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a basis for the determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains 
subject to the implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation.  
In addition, the European Green Bond Regulation entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 
21 December 2024. This regulation includes a set of requirements that Securities shall comply with in order to 
be labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”, in particular the full allocation (before the maturity of any 
European Green Bond) of the proceeds of such bonds to economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation in accordance with the categories set forth in article 4 of the European Green Bond Regulation. 
Additionally, the European Green Bond Regulation establishes specific transparency requirements, with which 
Issuers shall comply with prior and post an issuance of bonds labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”. 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, further guidelines shall be developed by the European 
Commission in relation to the European Green Bond Regulation. Therefore, the requirements of any such label 
may evolve from time to time. This could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Green Securities issued under this Programme that do not comply with the EU Green 
Bond Regulation. 
While it is expected that the Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Securities so 
specified for the relevant project and obtain and publish the opinions and certifications, in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in the Green Bond Framework and the “Use of Proceeds” section, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any project, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule (or at all) and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project or that the Issuer can obtain and 
publish the opinions and certifications. Nor can there be any assurance that the maturity of an eligible green 
asset or project will match the minimum duration of any such Green Securities or with the expected results or 
outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Securities, (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Securities) of a holder of such Green Security, or (iii) lead 
to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Securities or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Securities, or (iv) affect the 
regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities of the MREL requirement, as 
applicable. Any balance of unallocated proceeds to eligible projects will be held in accordance with the Issuer's 
normal liquidity management, including treasury liquidity portfolio, cash, time deposit with banks that do not 
include greenhouse gas intensive activities. 
There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Securities and relevant projects. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is also specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
the Green Securities shall not depend on the performance of the relevant loan, investment or project nor have 
any preferred right against such assets, or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or 
similar targets. 
Furthermore, Green Notes and, in certain circumstances, Green Covered Bonds may be subject to application 
of the Spanish Bail-in Power and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, 
to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other pari passu Notes which is not a Green Note (see 
“The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss 
Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation”). 
Likewise, Green Notes, as any other notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria 
and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their “green” label. Additionally, their labelling as Green Securities (i) will not affect the case of 
regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirement (as applicable); and (ii) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 4 (Status) 
of the Conditions of the Notes and the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Securities for any 
project as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Securities and 
also potentially the value of any other similar Securities and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Impact of interest rates and inflation on the price and yield of the Securities 
The Securities (specially Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) are affected by the 
expectations in an inflationary market and tight monetary policy (i.e., expectations of interest rate 
increases). The value of the Securities (specially Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) will 
be adversely affected if inflation and/or market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on 
the Securities and the yield of the Securities (specially Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) 
could drop below other available fixed-income investments. In addition, if market interest rates increase 
above the rate paid on the Securities (or even if there are expectations of increases in inflation levels), 
investors will demand higher yields on their fixed income investments such as the Securities and, in turn, 
this will lead to declines in the market prices of the Securities already issued, which could result in losses 
to investors who sell their Securities prior to maturity. 
Investors should be aware that inflation and/or movements of the interest rate can adversely affect the 
yield and price of the Securities and can lead to losses for the Holders if they sell the Securities. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future while 
the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
While there is currently no plan to discontinue the EURIBOR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with Euro short-term rate 
(“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area or an alternative benchmark. In addition, the European 
Money Markets Institute as administrator of EURIBOR has launched a forward-looking term rate EFTERM as 
potential fallback rate for EURIBOR.  
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions of 
the Notes (as further described in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Conditions of the Notes) or 
of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds (as further described in Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation) of 
the Conditions of the Covered Bonds), or result in adverse consequences to Holders linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rates Covered Bonds whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR 
or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).  
On the other hand, where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes or Covered Bonds will be determined by reference to 
€STR, the Rate of Interest will be determined by reference to Compounded Daily €STR. In such a case, such 
rate will differ from the relevant EURIBOR rate in a number of material respects, including (without limitation)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
that a compounded daily rate is a backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rate, and a single daily rate is a risk-
free overnight non-term rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and 
€STR, may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Securities issued under this Programme. 
The use of risk-free rates - including the €STR -, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop and the 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions of the Notes or in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds and used in relation to 
Securities that reference risk-free rates issued under this Programme.  
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate 
notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the Conditions of the Notes and in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, will gain widespread market 
acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference 
rates based on risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Securities, the trading price of such Securities linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Securities 
referencing indices that are more widely used. 
As a result, development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity, increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to any Securities which reference €STR or any related indices. 
The Securities may have a negative yield 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may have a negative yield, depending on the issue or acquisition 
price and the redemption or disposal price, as well as the periodic coupons they pay, and, consequently, investors 
could lose all or part of their investment. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent, Independent Financial Advisors or the 
Determination Agent and Holders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any), Independent Financial Advisors 
(if eventually appointed), or, in the case of the Notes, the Determination Agent (if any) (jointly, the "Third 
Parties") and Holders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Third Parties 
may make pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and the Conditions of the Covered Bonds (for example 
calculation of rates of interest payable under the Securities or the determination of Successor Rates or 
Alternative Rates in case of a Benchmark Event) which may influence the amounts that can be received by 
Holders. Conflicts of interest may arise, among others, when a dealer or the Issuer is appointed as a Third Party 
(it must be noted that the Issuer will act as Calculation Agent unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final 
Terms). 
Any of the Third Parties may be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary 
course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst 
such a Third Party is expected to, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving 
an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Holders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Securities or the market price, liquidity or value of the Securities and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Holders.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Risks applicable to the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss 
Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
As further explained in “Regulation – Loss absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 
11/2015 and the SRM Regulation”, the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may be subject to the bail-in 
tool (the Spanish Bail-in Power as defined therein) and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes to the write 
down and conversion powers (the Non-Viability Loss Absorption as defined therein) contemplated in article 59 
of BRRD and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 
11/2015 (and its development through Royal Decree 1012/2015) and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as further amended or replaced from time to time (the “SRM 
Regulation”). Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of 
the Spanish Bail-in Power or with any other resolution tool or power. 
Holders of the Notes may be subject to, among other things, on any application of the Spanish Bail-in-Power, 
a write down (including to zero) or conversion into equity or other securities or obligations of amounts due 
under the Notes, and additionally, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, may be subject to any Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power or with any other 
resolution tool or power. The exercise of any such powers (or any other resolution powers and tools) may result 
in such Holders losing some or all of their investment or otherwise having their rights under the Notes adversely 
affected, including by receiving a different security, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes. 
Furthermore, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes or the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption with respect to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, or the taking by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
of any other action, or any suggestion that the exercise or taking of any such action may happen, could materially 
adversely affect the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The Spanish Bail-in Power is not intended to apply to secured debt and therefore the Spanish Bail-in Power 
should not apply to Covered Bonds to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds do 
not exceed the value of the Cover Pool. Any claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and of any derivative 
counterparties in excess of the value of the assets included in the Cover Pool may be subject to the exercise of 
the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities (including the Notes or, 
where applicable, Covered Bonds) subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power or the Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
and to the broader resolution powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, Holders of the 
Securities may have limited or circumscribed rights to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority to exercise such powers. 
In particular, to the extent that any resulting treatment of a Holder pursuant to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-
in Power or, in the case of Holders of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, of the Non-Viability Loss Absorption is less 
favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency proceedings, a Holder of such affected 
Securities may have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation based on an independent 
valuation of the institution, in accordance with Article 10 of Royal Decree 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
Any such compensation, together with any other compensation provided by any Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, among any such compensation, in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
unlikely to compensate that Holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable 
delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made 
considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the affected Securities. In addition, 
in the case of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption, it is unclear that a Holder would have a right to compensation 
under the BRRD or the SRM Regulation if any resulting treatment of such Holder pursuant to the exercise of 
the Non-Viability Loss Absorption was less favourable than would have been the case in normal insolvency 
proceedings. 
The exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power with respect to the Notes (or, where applicable, with respect to the 
Covered Bonds) and/or any Non-Viability Loss Absorption with respect to the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may also be outside of the Issuer's control. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will 
retain an element of discretion, Holders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate any potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power and/or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, any Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict 
when, if at all, the exercise of any such powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority may occur, how any such 
powers may be exercised or what the results of such exercise may be. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may exercise any such powers without providing any advance notice to the Holders.  
The price and trading behaviour of the Securities and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the 
Securities may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any such powers. 
In addition, it is possible that the implementation and application of other amendments and relevant laws which 
are currently being considered by the European Commission could have an impact upon any application of the 
Spanish Bail-in Power. In particular, the European Commission’s legislative proposal published on 18 April 
2023 to update the existing EU's bank crisis management and deposit insurance (“CMDI”) framework, which 
includes proposals to amend, inter alia, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation and sets out a general depositor 
preference (see “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements”). Since the application of the 
Spanish Bail-in Power is to be carried out in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings, following any amendment of the insolvency laws of Spain to establish a general depositor 
preference in accordance with the CMDI, any potential write-down or conversion of the Senior Notes (including 
Ordinary Senior Notes) by the Relevant Resolution Authority would be carried out before any write-down or 
conversion of the claims of depositors such as those of large corporates that previously would have been written-
down or converted alongside the Senior Notes.  
The ranking of the Notes may affect the amount of recovery (if any) a Holder of the Notes may expect 
to receive in a winding-up or resolution of the Issuer 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (“créditos ordinarios”).  
Ordinary Senior Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (“créditos ordinarios”) and, upon 
insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under 
Ordinary Senior Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) pursuant to 
Article 281.1 of the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, 
of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) (as amended, the "Insolvency Law")) would rank below claims against the insolvency estate 
(“créditos contra la masa”) and claims with a privilege (“créditos privilegiados”) (including, without 
limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 and any claims under the 
Covered Bonds up to the value of the Cover Pool).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated senior non preferred obligations 
(“créditos ordinarios no preferentes”) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and, upon insolvency 
(“concurso”) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) pursuant to Article 
281.1 of the Insolvency Law) would rank below any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer and any claims 
under the Covered Bonds. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Subordinated Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer. 
Holders of Senior Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in respect of 
preferred and covered deposits). However, European Commission’s legislative proposal to update the existing 
EU’s bank CMDI framework (see “Regulation – Capital, Liquidity and Funding Requirements”) includes, 
among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to provide for a general depositor 
preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would be required by the BRRD to extend 
the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to all deposits. The 
implementation of this proposal is subject to further legislative procedures but if it is implemented in its current 
form, this would mean that the Senior Notes (including Ordinary Senior Notes) will rank junior to the claims 
of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits that currently do not benefit from the 
abovementioned preference. The proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Senior 
Notes. 
In accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)), upon 
the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer: (i) the payment obligations of the Issuer on account of principal under 
the Subordinated Notes for so long as they do not constitute Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer would rank as set out in Condition 4(b)(a) of the Conditions of the Notes; and (ii) the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes for so long as they constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the 
Issuer, would rank as set out in Condition 4(b)(b) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus and according to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, the ranking 
of the Subordinated Notes depends on whether they constitute (even partially) at the relevant time Tier 2 
Instruments (which is expected to be the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or whether they do not constitute 
Tier 2 Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Instruments (even partially) of the Issuer (which is expected to be the 
case of the Senior Subordinated Notes).  
If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay in full the 
claims of more senior-ranking creditors, Holders of the Notes will lose their entire investment in the Notes. If 
there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient 
assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Notes and all other claims that rank 
pari passu with the Notes, Holders of the Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their 
investment in the Notes. Accordingly, Holders of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes would lose their entire investment 
before losses are imposed on Holders of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes. In turn, Holders of Senior Subordinated Notes would lose their entire investment before losses 
are imposed on Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, Holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on Holders of Ordinary Senior 
Notes, and Holders of Ordinary Senior Notes would lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on 
creditors in respect of claims which are preferred by law (claims against the insolvency estate (“créditos contra 
la masa”) and privileged obligations (“créditos privilegiados”) (including, without limitation, any deposits for 
the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
In addition, the ranking of Notes upon insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer is also expected to impact on the 
losses imposed on Holders if resolution powers are exercised in respect of the Issuer, as such resolution powers 
are required to be applied in a manner that respects the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD IV and 
otherwise respects the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. Please see "The Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution 
authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority under 
Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation" above. 
Claims of Holders of the Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any 
insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated obligations (“créditos 
subordinados”) against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the 
Insolvency Law, which in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes must be read together with the Additional 
Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, and accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of declaration of the 
insolvency of the Issuer. 
Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as any right of 
the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated to the 
claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
The claims of Holders of the Notes rank after the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds 
The assets included in the Cover Pool for each Series of Covered Bonds are mandatorily segregable in case of 
insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer and, if segregated, they will not form part of the Issuer's insolvency estate 
(“masa del concurso”) until the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and the relevant derivative counterparties 
and the expenses related to the maintenance and management of the separate estate (and, if applicable, to its 
liquidation) are satisfied. However, any excess proceeds from liquidation of the Cover Pool, after satisfaction 
of the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and the relevant derivative counterparties, would be available to 
unsecured creditors, including the Holders of the Notes. Upon insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the 
Issuer, the claims of Holders of the Notes are unsecured claims against the Issuer that rank after the claims of 
Holders of Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties with respect to the assets in the Cover Pool.  
All Holders of Covered Bonds shall have the same priority over (i) the assets included in the Cover Pool, 
including any replacement assets and liquid assets, if any; and (ii) the credit rights in connection with the 
derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Notes may provide for limited events of default 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Conditions of the Notes do not provide for 
any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding-up or liquidation (“liquidación”) of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Notes 
is not made when due, each Holder of the relevant Notes will have a claim only for amounts then due and 
payable on their Notes but will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless insolvency proceedings or 
proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer have been instigated. 
Pursuant to the Insolvency Law, those contractual provisions providing for the early termination of a contract 
upon the insolvency of one of the parties shall be null and void, for which reason it is doubtful whether the 
Notes may be accelerated if an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings as 
contemplated under Condition 13(a) (Events of Default relating to the Notes). 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation and BRRD (as implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal 
Decree 1012/2015), the Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution. Pursuant to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute an event 
of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof. 
Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the 
ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of 
default arises either before or after the adoption of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the 
exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. Any attempt by a 
Holder of the Notes to enforce its rights under the Notes following the adoption of any early intervention or any 
resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as implemented through 
Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the exercise of the relevant 
measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to above. 
Please see "The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and/or of the Non Viability 
Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution authority and, in general, to the powers that may be exercised by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation" above. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes, if the Issuer so decides by applying 
additional events of default in the relevant Notes Final Terms as permitted under Condition 13(b) (Additional 
Events of Default), each Holder of the relevant Notes will have an individual acceleration right in case certain 
events occur (including, failure of payment on the Notes when due, cross default or unlawfulness). 
Consequently, only Ordinary Senior Notes for which the Issuer has selected Condition 13(b) (Additional Events 
of Default) as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms could be accelerated by the Holders of the Notes in 
case of failure of payment on the Notes when due, cross default or unlawfulness. 
The qualification of the Notes as MREL-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
The Notes may be intended to qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable Banking Regulations on the 
subject and how those regulations are to be interpreted and applied, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that any Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
Because of this uncertainty, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the relevant Notes will or may 
ultimately be (or thereafter remain) MREL-Eligible Instruments. 
If for any reasons Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes where the MREL 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms are not MREL-
Eligible Instruments or if they initially are MREL-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible, 
then a MREL Disqualification Event may occur, with the consequences indicated in the Conditions of the Notes. 
See "The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer" and "The Issuer may substitute the Notes or vary 
their terms without holder consent". 
Waiver of set-off 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, Holders of any 
Series of Notes waive any and all rights of or claims for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against them, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising, as required 
by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
As a result, Holders of the Notes will not be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Holders of the Notes may therefore be required to initiate separate 
proceedings to recover amounts in respect of any counterclaim and may receive a lower recovery in the event 
of insolvency of the Issuer than if set-off or counterclaim were permitted.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest to (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On 
the First Reset Date and each Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Reset Rate of Interest"). The Reset Reference Rate may be 
either the Mid-Swap Rate or the Reference Bond Rate. The calculation of the Reference Bond Rate would be 
determined by the Reset Reference Bond, which is, for any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the Determination Agent as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the 
opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period.  
In addition, the Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods, which would result in the amount of any interest payments under 
such Reset Notes being lower than the interest payments prior to such Reset Date and so could affect the market 
value of an investment in such Reset Notes.  
The Issuer may substitute the Notes or vary their terms without holder consent 
If Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) is specified as applicable in the Notes Final Terms and if a Tax 
Event, a MREL Disqualification Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, instead 
of redeeming the Notes, at any time, substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Notes, 
so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, provided that such substitution 
or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the Holders of the Notes, as certified 
in a Bank's Certificate and an Independent Financial Adviser Certificate. In the exercise of its discretion, the 
Issuer will have regard to the interest of the Holders of the Notes as a class. 
Any substitution or variation shall only be made in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
provided that the Issuer has been granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. 
In the case of a substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes, while the new substituted or varied notes 
must have terms that are not materially less favourable to an investor than the Notes, there can be no assurance 
that, whether due to the particular circumstances of each Holder or otherwise, such substituted or varied Notes 
will be as favourable to such Holder in all respects, that the substituted or varied Notes will be viewed by the 
market as equally or more favourable, or that the substituted or varied Notes will trade at prices that are equal 
to or higher than the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms 
Moreover, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have 
regard to the tax position of individual Holders of the Notes or to the tax consequences of any such substitution 
or variation for individual Holders of the Notes. No Holder of the Notes shall be entitled to claim, whether from 
the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
substitution or variation upon individual Holders of the Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Limitation on gross-up under Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, under Ordinary Senior Notes 
Pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and, if 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes, the Issuer's obligation to pay additional 
amounts on the Notes in respect of any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature applies only to payments of interest on 
the Notes and not to payments of principal in respect of the Notes. As such, the Issuer would not be required to 
pay any additional amounts to the extent any such withholding or deduction is applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal in respect of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes, Holders of the Notes shall only be entitled to the net amount of such payment 
after deduction of the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The market value of such Notes may be 
adversely affected as a result. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds  
The rights of Holders of Covered Bonds could be adversely affected in the event of a change in Spanish 
law or administrative practices in Spain 
The provisions of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 regarding covered bonds came into force on 8 July 2022 for the 
purposes of, among others, transposing into Spain Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. Due 
to its recent entry into force, the application of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 is subject to interpretative 
uncertainty, as well as to any possible subsequent modification. 
In particular, Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 (i) includes a new paragraph 7 in article 270 of the Insolvency Law 
by virtue of which in the case of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the claims against the Issuer of Holders 
of Covered Bonds have special privilege with respect to the assets included in the Cover Pool, and (ii) amends 
article 578 of the Insolvency Law to include Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 among the special legislation for the 
purposes of insolvency proceedings. There is not yet any precedent where these amendments have been applied 
in the context of insolvency proceedings and their application may be subject to interpretation.  
This uncertainty could affect the ability of Holders of Covered Bonds to properly evaluate and price the Covered 
Bonds and, therefore, affect the market price of the Covered Bonds given the potential scope and impact that 
one or more legislative or regulatory changes could have on the Covered Bonds. 
Credit risk and risk of collateral reduction 
Investors who invest in Covered Bonds are subject to the risk of the Issuer not paying principal and/or interest 
on the Covered Bonds on the relevant payment dates. The Issuer is responsible for making payments when due 
on the Covered Bonds and Holders of Covered Bonds have recourse only against the Issuer, without prejudice 
to the special privilege of Holders of Covered Bonds with respect to the Cover Pool under article 270.7 of the 
Insolvency Law upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer. 
In accordance with article 6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and without prejudice to the universal liability of 
the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds will be specially secured (with the 
limits established in any applicable regulation) by the assets included from time to time in the Cover Pool. The 
Cover Pool will secure the Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bonds, together with any other covered bonds 
issued under the existing covered bond programme of the Issuer approved by the Bank of Spain (under this 
Base Prospectus or otherwise) and regardless of whether other covered bonds were issued under Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021 or the prior legal regime.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
In the event the Issuer is unable to meet its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds, provision will be 
made for payment of those obligations from the assets included in the Cover Pool, such assets being identified 
and individually detailed in the special register of assets for the Cover Pool. 
The Cover Pool must comply with the minimum level of Legal Overcollateralisation (as defined in “Overview 
of Spanish legislation regarding Covered Bonds”) provided for in the first paragraph of article 129.3a of the 
CRR and, consequently, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the assets included in the Cover Pool 
must be at least equal to 5% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds issued under 
the covered bond programme of the Issuer approved by the Bank of Spain. In addition to the minimum Legal 
Overcollateralisation, the Issuer may at any time during the life of the cover bond programme and at its own 
discretion, assume the obligation to maintain a level of collateralisation higher than the Legal 
Overcollateralisation. 
As of 31 March 2024, the level of overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool was 38.6%. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not assumed or established any contractual level of overcollateralisation above 
the Legal Overcollateralisation requirement for the Cover Pool. Such level of overcollateralisation may vary 
and the Bank only commits to maintain the Legal Overcollateralisation and, if any, the contractual level of 
collateralisation assumed from time to time. 
The assets included in the Cover Pool will be subject to variations in value due to various factors, including: 
any revision of the appraisal value of the assets or of the fair value of the collection rights, any impairment of 
collateral or any decrease in the market value of the replacement assets, if any. Any decrease in value of the 
assets incorporated in the Cover Pool would result in a reduction in the level of recoveries on any foreclosure 
of those assets. In addition, there could be a delay in the sale (and, therefore, the receipt of recoveries by the 
Issuer) of such assets, which could affect the Issuer's ability to pay the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds in 
full or in a timely manner. 
Despite such potential changes in the value of the assets included in the Cover Pool, the Issuer shall, at all times, 
maintain the minimum required asset levels in the Cover Pool and, if applicable, any contractual level of 
overcollateralisation (see “Risk of breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the Cover 
Pool. Risk due to insufficiency of assets included in the Cover Pool in the event of insolvency or resolution of 
the Issuer”).  
Only limited information in relation to the Cover Pool will be made available to Holders of Covered 
Bonds 
The Cover Pool is a dynamic pool of assets whose composition may change from time to time, as the Issuer 
may acquire or originate new loans (and new types of loans or loans with different characteristics), borrowers 
may repay or early repay loans included in the Cover Pool and/or a change in the legal or regulatory regime 
may have an impact on the composition of the Cover Pool. However, Holders of Covered Bonds will not receive 
detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans, mortgages or other eligible assets that are or will be 
included in the Cover Pool. 
The 
Issuer 
will 
publish 
information 
regarding 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/cedulas/colateral-de-las-cedulas-hipotecarias)
26 
on a quarterly basis. The Cover Pool information will not be updated between quarterly reports and, therefore, 
the reports relating to the Cover Pool may not be a true image of the relevant information for the Cover Pool 
 
26 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
on any date other than the date of the report. The content of the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should not rely on this website. 
There is no guarantee that the types or characteristics of new loans, mortgages or eligible assets will be the 
same as those contained in the Cover Pool on the date of issue of the Covered Bonds. 
Risk of breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the Cover Pool. Risk due to 
insufficiency of assets included in the Cover Pool in the event of insolvency or resolution of the Issuer 
A failure by the Issuer to comply with the requirements in relation to the assets to be included in the Cover Pool 
or to supplement the Cover Pool with eligible assets, could impact on the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
on the Covered Bonds in full or in a timely manner. In the event that there is a material breach by the Issuer of 
its obligations under Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the authorisation of the applicable covered bond programme 
may be revoked, although such revocation will not have an impact on any Covered Bonds already issued.  
Furthermore, in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator will be appointed by the competent court after consultation with the Bank of Spain from among 
persons nominated by the FROB (in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) or directly by the FROB 
in consultation with the Bank of Spain (in the event of resolution of the Issuer). The Special Cover Pool 
Administrator will preserve the rights and interests of the Holders and will oversee the management (in the 
event of resolution of the Issuer) or will manage (in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) the 
covered bond programme of the Issuer.  
Upon insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the assets of the Cover Pool registered in the special register 
maintained by the Issuer will be materially segregated from the Issuer's assets and will form a separate estate 
without legal personality, which will be represented by the Special Cover Pool Administrator. 
The segregation and the transactions undertaken to transfer the segregated assets will be subject to the special 
provisions contemplated in Law 11/2015 applicable to the implementation of resolution actions and, in 
particular, to paragraphs 7 to 9 of article 25 and paragraph 4 of article 29 of Law 11/2015.  
Once the transfer of the segregated assets becomes effective:  
(i) 
if the total value of the assets included in the Cover Pool exceeds the total value of the liabilities in 
relation to such Cover Pool plus the legal, contractual or voluntary overcollateralisation and the liquidity 
requirements, the Special Cover Pool Administrator may opt to continue with the management of the 
separate estate comprising the segregated assets until their maturity or to partially or totally assign such 
assets to another issuer of covered bonds (which would constitute a new covered bond programme for 
such entity and would require the authorisation provided for in article 34 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021); 
and 
(ii) 
if the total value of the assets included in the Cover Pool is lower than the total value of the liabilities in 
relation to the Cover Pool plus the legal, contractual or voluntary overcollateralisation and the liquidity 
requirements, the Special Cover Pool Administrator will request the liquidation of the separate estate 
comprising the segregated assets pursuant to the ordinary insolvency proceedings in accordance with the 
provisions of article 46 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021.  
The application for the liquidation of the separate estate by the Special Cover Pool Administrator will result in 
the early termination of the covered bond programmes and the commencement of the liquidation of the assets 
of the separate estate in accordance with the corresponding liquidation plan to be prepared by the Special Cover 
Pool Administrator. The amounts obtained from the liquidation of the assets of the separate estate, after 
deducting the costs and expenses in connection with the liquidation and remuneration of the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator, may not be sufficient to cover the claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and any related derivative

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
counterparties. In that event, such claims will rank pari passu with other claims of unsecured and 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. Therefore, there is no assurance that the assets included in the Cover 
Pool will be sufficient to repay the payment obligations under the outstanding Covered Bonds in full or that the 
assets of the Issuer, if insolvent, will be sufficient to cover any remaining claims of Holders of Covered Bonds. 
Any claims of Holders of Covered Bonds and of any derivative counterparties in excess of the value of the 
assets included in the Cover Pool may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Risk associated with the extendable maturity of Covered Bonds 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 allows issuers to issue covered bonds with extendable maturity structures, and 
therefore issuers or the special cover pool administrator (as applicable) may unilaterally extend the maturity 
date set forth in the final terms of the covered bonds issued for a given period of time, provided that (i) the 
possibility of extending the maturity of the covered bonds of the relevant programme is included in the final 
terms and in the conditions of the covered bonds and, if applicable, in the corresponding issuance or listing 
prospectus; and (ii) the extension of the maturity of such covered bonds has been previously authorised by the 
Bank of Spain (at the request of the issuer or the special cover pool administrator). 
The triggering circumstances under article 15.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 that may trigger an extension of 
maturity of any covered bonds are the following: 
(i) 
the existence of a clear risk (“peligro cierto”) of default of the covered bonds due to liquidity issues in 
respect of the cover pool or the issuer (such risk of default would exist in the event of a breach of the 
liquidity buffer set forth in article 11 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 or when the Bank of Spain 
undertakes any of the measures contemplated in article 68 of Law 10/2014 (except for the measure set 
out in the second paragraph of letter (j) of such article 68)); 
(ii) 
the insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the issuer; 
(iii) 
a declaration of non-viability of the issuer in accordance with article 8 of Law 11/2015; and 
(iv) 
the existence of serious disturbances affecting national financial markets, where this has been determined 
by the Macroprudential Authority Financial Stability Board (AMCESFI) by means of a communication 
in the form of a warning or recommendation, which is not of a confidential nature. 
If Extended Maturity is specified as applicable in the Covered Bonds Final Terms and any of the triggering 
circumstances for an extension of maturity set out above occurs, there is a risk to Holders of Covered Bonds 
that the Issuer (or the Special Cover Pool Administrator) may decide to extend the Maturity Date of the Covered 
Bonds for up to twelve months until the extended Maturity Date.  
The longer the period of time until the final redemption of the Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility 
compared to securities with similar characteristics, and the greater the exposure to market risks that could have 
a material adverse impact on the trading price of the Covered Bonds. In addition, any extension of the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds could affect their liquidity if such extension reduces the demand in the market for 
such Covered Bonds. Any such extension of the Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds (i) will not give 
rise to any right of the Holders of such Covered Bonds to accelerate payments of the Covered Bonds or to take 
any action against the Issuer and (ii) will require the prior permission of the Bank of Spain for the redemption 
of such Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Defaults relating to loans contained in the Cover Pool may result in the Issuer being unable to satisfy 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds  
If interest rates rise and/or borrowers suffer a decline in their income (either in absolute terms or relative to their 
expenses), borrowers may be unable to meet their payment obligations under their loans. In particular, a 
continued rise in the interest rates, combined with high inflation, would cause difficulties to borrowers (in 
particular to those with loans referenced to floating interest rates) to meet payment obligations in relation to 
their loans and, consequently, adversely affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and comply with the related regulatory requirements. 
If the timing and payment of the loans included in the Cover Pool are adversely affected, payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds could be reduced and/or delayed and could ultimately result in losses to Holders of 
Covered Bonds. If borrowers end up defaulting on their loans, the Issuer may take steps to foreclose on the 
assets securing these loans, if any. When collateral is foreclosed, a court order may be necessary to establish 
the borrower's payment obligation (if challenged by the borrower) and to permit a sale through a judicial 
foreclosure proceeding. If, in the context of such foreclosure measures, the Issuer is not able to obtain the 
relevant court decision or there is a deterioration in the market for the assets included in the Cover Pool, there 
is a risk that the Issuer may not be able to recover the full amount of the relevant loan. 
In addition, in the event that the prices of the assets that are collateral for the loans included in the Cover Pool 
and the market for such assets decline substantially (which may occur under the current monetary policy 
scenario), the value of the Issuer's collateral securing the loans included in the Cover Pool will be adversely 
affected and may result in a breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the Cover Pool 
(see "Risk of breach of the requirements with respect to the assets included in the Cover Pool. Risk due to 
insufficiency of assets included in the Cover Pool in the event of insolvency or resolution of the Issuer"). 
The inability to recover the full amounts due under the loans included in the Cover Pool could jeopardize the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, which are backed by payments on such loans. 
It is possible that at a given time there may not be sufficient assets to meet the legal requirements for 
inclusion in the Cover Pool 
If, as a consequence of the amortisation of the assets included in the Cover Pool, the applicable limit for 
replacement assets (10% of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds) is exceeded, the Issuer may either 
acquire its own Covered Bonds until the applicable ratio is met or replace the amortised assets with new assets 
that meet the necessary conditions for inclusion in the Cover Pool. 
If, as a consequence of any such amortisation and unavailability of sufficient replacement assets, the value of 
the assets included in the Cover Pool is less than the aggregate nominal amount of the related Covered Bonds, 
in the event of the Issuer's insolvency, the amount of the Covered Bonds in excess of the value of the assets 
included in the Cover Pool will not constitute a privileged claim for insolvency purposes. 
No gross-up under the Covered Bonds 
Under the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer is not obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges required by law. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply, 
Holders of Covered Bonds may receive less than the full amount due under the relevant Covered Bonds, and 
the market value of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include event of default provisions that may allow Covered 
Bonds to be accelerated 
The Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any event of default provisions (including any event of 
default for non-payment) that may allow Holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate the Covered Bonds. Holders 
of Covered Bonds will only be paid scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they 
fall due under the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The only remedies available to Holders of Covered Bonds 
are to bring proceedings in respect of the non-payment or commence insolvency proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documentation set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus. However, any statement contained in any such document shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement:  
(i) 
The Group’s unaudited consolidated financial report as of and for the three-months ended 31 March 
2024, prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the 
European 
Union 
(“IFRS-EU”), 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/inversores-y-accionistas/informes-financieros/2024/primer-trimestre/informe-financiero-
1T2024-en.pdf ) (the “2024 First Quarter Financial Report”).  
(ii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated annual accounts and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/inversores-y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-
2023.pdf) (the “2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts”).  
(iii) 
The Group’s audited consolidated annual accounts and the management report as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, together with the audit report of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, 
S.L., 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/inversores-y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-
2022.pdf ) (the “2022 Consolidated Annual Accounts”).  
(iv) 
The terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 30 May 2023, prepared by Unicaja Banco in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme, 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/emisiones/programa-renta-fija-mayo-2023.pdf )27 
(v) 
The terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 26 May 2022, prepared by Unicaja Banco in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme, 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/emisiones/programa-renta-fija-mayo-2022.pdf) 21 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is only as of the date of such document, and the incorporation 
by reference of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
Unicaja Banco or the Group, as the case may be, since the date thereof or that the information contained therein 
is current as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Any documents themselves contained in or incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
English translations 
English translations of the 2024 First Quarter Financial Report, 2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 
2022 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Accounts, 
are 
available 
at 
Unicaja 
Banco’s 
website: 
 
27 Incorporated by reference in connection with “Option 2 (Issuance on the Basis of the Terms and Conditions from an earlier base prospectus 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus)” of “Part A – Contractual Terms” of the Form of the Notes Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-corporacion/inversores-
y-accionistas/informes-financieros/2024/primer-trimestre/informe-financiero-1T2024-en.pdf, 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-corporacion/inversores-
y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-2023-en.pdf 
and 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-corporacion/inversores-
y-accionistas/cuentas-anuales-auditadas/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-2022-en.pdf, respectively. 
The referred English translations are for information purposes only. In the event of a discrepancy, the original 
Spanish-language versions prevail.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which will be completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Unicaja Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note and 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme (the “Programme”) under a Base Prospectus 
dated 28 May 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) for the issuance of up to €3,500,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) and covered bonds. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Fixed to Floating Notes, 
Floating to Fixed Notes, Fixed to Reset Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Notes Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of a final terms (the “Notes Final Terms”) which complements these terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions of the Notes”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Notes Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions of the Notes and the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Notes Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Notes listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the Notes will 
be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions of the Notes to “Notes” are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Notes Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Notes Final Terms 
are available for viewing at the Issuer’s website (https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-
accionistas/emisiones/programas-de-emision)28. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions of the Notes the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org)29; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org)30; 
 
28 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.  
29 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.  
30 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means additional tier 1 capital (“capital de nivel 1 adicional”) in 
accordance with Chapter 3 (Additional Tier 1 capital) of Title I (Elements of own funds) of Part 
Two (Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities) of the CRR and/or the Applicable Banking Regulations 
at any time; 
“Additional Tier 1 Instrument” means any instrument of the Issuer qualifying as Additional 
Tier 1 Capital in whole or in part from time to time; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in the customary market 
usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Financial 
Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so 
far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“AIAF” means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija);

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate period in the relevant currency; 
“Amortisation Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Amortised Face Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase); 
“Amounts Due” means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 12 
(Taxation). References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 
IV, the BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including, but not limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations), the SRM Regulation and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then in 
effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether 
or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as 
amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Authorised Signatory” means any authorised officer of the Issuer; 
“Bank’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
stating that, in the opinion of the Issuer, (i) the changes determined pursuant to a substitution or 
variation of the Notes under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the 
Qualifying Notes having terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the 
Notes the subject of substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and 
conditions of the Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes the subject of 
substitution and variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, 
comply with the then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a Tax Event, to cure 
the relevant Tax Event; and/or (c) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply with the 
then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or the Reference Rate (as 
applicable) ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable)) it has ceased 
publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) permanently or indefinitely, or that it will cease to do so by a specified future 
date (the “Specified Future Date”); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable), that such relevant 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has been or 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable)); or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that 
such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or of the Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is or will be by a Specified Future Date, no longer representative of an 
underlying market and such representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such 
supervisor); or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Calculation Agent, if different to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent, 
if different to the Issuer, shall not have any responsibility for making such determination; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May, establishing the framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to 
time;

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
“Business Day” means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions 
shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Capital Event” means a change (or any pending change which the Competent Authority 
considers sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
which change becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of Notes and that results (or would be likely to result) in:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(a) 
the exclusion of any of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group, otherwise than as a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer or the Group 
as the case may be, including, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the application of 
Article 64 of CRR; or 
(b) 
the reclassification of all or part of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer or the Group, in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Certificate” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
—Title and Transfer); 
“Chairperson” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 17(d) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver – Chairperson); 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
“CNMV” means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores); 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) (Taxation); 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank or the Bank of Spain, as applicable, 
or such other or successor authority having primary bank supervisory authority with respect to 
prudential oversight and supervision in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable; 
“CRD IV” means any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures (in all cases, as amended or replaced from time to time);  
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as applicable, including, without limitation, 
Law 10/2014, as amended from time to time, Royal Decree 84/2015, as amended from time to 
time, and any other regulation, circular or guidelines implementing CRD IV; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions of 
the Notes or the relevant Notes Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
“Determination Agent” means the agent specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
the party responsible for agreeing with the Issuer the Reset Reference Bond for Reset Notes; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)” means the early redemption amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note; 
“Eligible Liabilities” means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in 
Applicable Banking Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes; 
“Eligible Persons” means those Holders or persons (being duly appointed proxies or 
representatives of such Holders) that are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Holders, 
for the purposes of which no person shall be entitled to vote at any such meeting in respect of 
Notes held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in Condition 17 (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver);  
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 12(c) (Taxation); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the 
First Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
“Green Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 13(c) (Events of Default — Green Notes); 
“Green Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure” has the meaning given in Condition 13(c) (Events 
of Default — Green Notes); 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer —
Title and Transfer); 
“Iberclear” means the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal, the Spanish central securities depository, which 
manages the Spanish Central Registry and the Spanish settlement system; 
“Iberclear Participants” means each participating entity (entidad participante) in Iberclear; 
“ICMA” means the International Capital Markets Association; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest in the case of Floating Rate Note Provisions (as provided under 
Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions)), discontinuation of benchmarks (as provided under 
Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) and the substitution and variation of Notes (as 
provided under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation)); 
“Independent Financial Adviser Certificate” means a certificate signed by a representative of 
an Independent Financial Adviser stating that, in the opinion of such Independent Financial 
Adviser, (i) the changes determined by the Issuer pursuant to a substitution or variation of the 
Notes under Condition 15 (Substitution and Variation) will result in the Qualifying Notes having 
terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes the subject of 
substitution and variation and (ii) the differences between the terms and conditions of the 
Qualifying Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes the subject of substitution and 
variation are only those strictly necessary to (a) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the 
then current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (b) in the case of a Tax Event, to cure the relevant Tax 
Event; and/or (c) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, comply with the then current 
requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Insolvency Law” means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Notes Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the First Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“ISIN” means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Law 10/2014” means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency 
of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Law 11/2015” means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de 
entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to 
time;  
“Loss Absorbing Power” means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Spain, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time 
to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which, among others, any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Accordingly, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the holders of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights 
under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(e) 
the amendment of the terms of the Notes; 
“Margin” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms as being applicable, the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), 
as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the rate as specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6 
(Reset Note Provisions), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% 
(0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Notes Final 
Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for credit 
institutions under the BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including, but not limited to, by Law 
11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations), set in accordance 
with Article 45 of the BRRD, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 
May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, or any successor 
requirement under EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in the 
Kingdom of Spain; 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Notes where the MREL Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms does not fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the 
Group, except where such non-qualification (i) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable) being less than any period prescribed for MREL-Eligible 
Instruments by the Applicable Banking Regulations as at the Issue Date or (ii) is as a result of the 
relevant Notes (as applicable) being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of 
the relevant Notes which is funded by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes, is due to the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes not meeting any requirement in 
connection with their ranking upon the insolvency of the Issuer or any limitation on the amount 
of such Notes that may be eligible for inclusion in the amount of MREL-Eligible Instruments of 
the Group. 
“MREL-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument included in the Eligible Liabilities which 
are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
“MREL Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
applicable to the Group under the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means any date so specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive; 
“Optional Redemption Period (call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Ordinary Senior Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(a) (Status — Status of the Senior 
Notes); 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than those Notes (a) that 
have been redeemed; (b) that have been purchased (or acquired) and cancelled; (c) that have been 
substituted and cancelled or (d) that have become void or in respect of which claims have 
prescribed, provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(a) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Holders, passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
in writing or an Extraordinary Resolution by way of consents given through the relevant 
clearing systems as envisaged by these Conditions of the Notes; and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(b) 
the determination of how many and which Notes are for the time being outstanding for 
the purposes of Condition 17 (Meeting of Holders; Modification and Waiver), 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as 
reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time or as adjusted as required 
by, or in application of, the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;  
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the relevant Iberclear Participant 
by any Holder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Holder; 
“Qualifying Notes” means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and issued directly by the Issuer where such securities: 
(a) 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders than the terms of the Notes with 
any differences between their terms and conditions and these Conditions of the Notes 
being those strictly necessary to (i) in the case of a Capital Event, comply with the then 
current requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 Capital in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, to 
cure the relevant Tax Event; and/or (iii) in the case of a MREL Disqualification Event, 
comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Instruments in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(b) 
subject to (a) above, shall (i) rank at least equal to the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, (ii) have the same currency, the same Outstanding Principal 
Amount and aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount, the same (or higher) Rate of 
Interest, the same Interest Payment Dates, the same maturity date and redemption rights 
as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant variation or 
substitution; (iii) comply with the then current requirements of Applicable Banking 
Regulations (in the case of a Capital Event) in relation to Tier 2 Capital or (in the case of 
a MREL Disqualification Event) for MREL-Eligible Instruments; (iv) preserve rights 
under the Notes to any accrued interest or other amounts which have not been paid; (v) are 
assigned (or maintain) at least the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, and (vi) shall not at the time 
immediately following such substitution and variation, be subject to a Capital Event, a 
MREL Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event (as applicable, to the extent specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms); and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(c) 
are (i) listed and admitted to trading on AIAF or (ii) listed on a Recognised Stock 
Exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 (Status) resulting from any such substitution or modification shall not be subject to 
the condition of not being materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes 
where the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or modification is at least the same 
ranking as is applicable to such Notes under Condition 4 (Status) on the issue date of such Notes; 
“Rate of Interest” means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant Notes Final Terms; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, 
the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
as applicable; 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH or their respective 
successors; 
“Recognised Stock Exchange” means a regulated, regularly operating, recognised stock 
exchange or securities market in an OECD member state; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to 
the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage 
of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received 
in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period); 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Calculation Agent) or their affiliates, which

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to any Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination 
Time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms in 
respect of the period specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms. The term Reference Rate shall, 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur 
subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further 
Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;  
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the First Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but 
not limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing 
regulations) and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of 
legislation relating to the Loss Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“relevant Holders” has the meaning give in Condition 17(b)(i) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver - Convening meetings - Meetings convened by the Issuer); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the relevant benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), 
the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power from 
time to time; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) as if the relevant Reset Date was an 
Interest Payment Date; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, 
or in each case as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Reset Determination Time” means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Reset Note” means a Note that bears interest at an initial fixed rate of interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest, that will be reset as described in Condition 6 (Reset 
Notes Provisions) on the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued 
by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the 
Determination Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, 
as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Royal Decree 84/2015” means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing 
Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, 
de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“Royal Decree 1012/2015” means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, developing 
Law 11/2015 (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la 
Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de 
servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, 
sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means any unsecured and unsubordinated senior non 
preferred ordinary obligations (“créditos ordinarios no preferentes”) of the Issuer under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, and any other obligations which, by law and/or by 
their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the 
Senior Notes); 
“Senior Notes” has the meaning give in Condition 4(a) (Status - Status of the Senior Notes); 
“Senior Preferred Liabilities” means any unsecured and unsubordinated ordinary obligations 
(“créditos ordinarios”) of the Issuer, other than Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status - Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
“Spanish Central Registry” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer —Title and Transfer); 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended by SRM Regulation II and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
“Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
“Subsidiary” means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in 
accordance with Article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of 
Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain and Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro,  
means one cent; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, as 
appropriate, waiver) as is required therefor under prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations (if 
any); 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro;  
“Tax Event” means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of 
Spain, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes and that results in: 
(a) 
the Issuer not being entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in Spain 
in respect of any payments of interest in respect of the Notes or the value of such deduction 
to the Issuer being materially reduced; or  
(b) 
the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation); 
or 
(c) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes being materially affected,

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
and, in each case, cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it;  
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) in accordance with Chapter 4 (Tier 2 
Capital) of Title I (Elements of own funds) of Part Two (Own Funds) of the CRR and/or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Instrument” means any instrument of the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 Capital in whole or 
in part from time to time;  
“Tier 2 Subordinated Notes” has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status — Status of the 
Subordinated Notes); and 
“Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any Holder for deduction, set-
off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in 
connection with any Note. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions of the Notes: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes;  
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, but the relevant Notes Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to 
the Notes; and  
(iv) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended, restated or replaced. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Notes will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-entry form 
(anotaciones en cuenta) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified Denomination and 
in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Notes will be registered with Iberclear, which is the 
Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, 
Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly 
through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Notes through 
bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with Iberclear.  
Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer’s commitment to 
assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the ISIN of the Notes will be stated in the Notes Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown 
in the central registry managed (the “Spanish Central Registry”) by Iberclear and in the 
registries maintained by the respective Iberclear Participants as being the holder of the Notes 
shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the holder of the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded therein. In these Conditions of the Notes, the “Holder” of a Note 
means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central 
Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant 
accounting book and when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in the Notes.  
One or more certificates (each, a “Certificate”) attesting the holding of the Notes by the relevant 
Holder in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Participant or, where 
the Holder is itself an Iberclear Participant, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the 
requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Participant’s or, as the case may be, 
Iberclear’s procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder’s request. 
The Notes will be issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Notes may be transferred and title to the Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to 
compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant) upon registration in the relevant registry of each 
Iberclear Participant and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be (except as 
otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Notes for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of it) and no 
person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
4. 
Status 
The relevant Notes Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited by, the exercise 
of any Loss Absorbing Powers. The Notes are not subject to any set-off or netting arrangements that 
would undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject 
to a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their 
status as Ordinary Senior Notes (“Ordinary Senior Notes”) or as Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”, together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, “Senior Notes”) in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (“créditos ordinarios”) and, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a 
result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the 
Issuer, would rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and (ii) any subordinated obligations 
(“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law; and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Preferred Liabilities; and  
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; and 
(iii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Liabilities.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and senior non preferred ordinary 
obligations (“créditos ordinarios no preferentes”) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 
11/2015 and, upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
rank below any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer, and accordingly, claims in respect of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any Senior Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer. 
According to the Insolvency Law, claims of Holders of Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued 
but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law and accrual of interest 
shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under Notes which specify their status as Subordinated 
Notes in the relevant Notes Final Terms (“Subordinated Notes”, which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Notes (“Senior Subordinated Notes”) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (“Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer 
and, in accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.3 of 
Law 11/2015 (but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory 
provision of law (or otherwise)), upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer: 
(a) 
payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the relevant Subordinated 
Notes for so long as they do not constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer, would rank: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer 
under Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; (ii) any claims for the 
liquidation amount of the ordinary shares of the Issuer; and (iii) any other 
subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the 
Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other contractually subordinated 
obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer according to Article 281.1.2º of 
the Insolvency Law  in respect of principal under instruments which do not 
constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu 
with the Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes; and

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (“créditos ordinarios”) of the Issuer 
(including any payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations 
which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, 
rank senior to the Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the 
basis that such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; 
(b) 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes for so long as 
they constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, would rank: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer 
under Additional Tier 1 Instruments; (ii) any claims for the liquidation amount of 
the ordinary shares of the Issuer; and (iii) any other subordinated obligations 
(“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, to the 
extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer’s obligations under Tier 
2 Instruments; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other subordinated obligations 
(“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer under Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer which by law 
and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with 
the Issuer’s obligations under Tier 2 Instruments; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (“créditos ordinarios”) of the Issuer 
(including any payment obligations of the Issuer under Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities); (ii) any subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the 
Issuer according to Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law under instruments not 
qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (iii) any 
other subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer which by 
law and/or by their terms, to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the 
Issuer’s obligations under Tier 2 Instruments.  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the 
basis that such Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group. 
Pursuant to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, all the obligations of the Issuer 
under Tier 2 Instruments (which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 
even if they are only partly recognised as Tier 2 Instruments will rank behind any other 
subordinated claims included under article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and will be paid 
after them. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest shall be suspended from 
the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Holders of Subordinated 
Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency 
procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law, which in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes must read in conjunction with the Additional Provision 14.3 
of Law 11/2015.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition (d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Notes Final Terms for such Notes specify 
that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. Except for any Interest Period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount 
and/or Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the relevant amount of 
interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by 
the Calculation Amount. The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case 
of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  
6. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes shall bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) and 
on the Maturity Date and subject further as provided in Condition 11 (Payments)).  
(c) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount 
in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions). 
(e) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than in the circumstances 
provided for in Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as 
at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Reset Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Reset Period). 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest determined by it to be notified 
to the Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the relevant Reset Date. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. 
(g) 
Notifications, etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if 
applicable), the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to 
bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Holder.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for 
which €STR or any related index is specified as Reference Rate in the relevant Notes Final Terms) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate;  
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that, 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (C) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(A) 
if the Notes Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms;  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions;  
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
(other than in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Lookback is 
the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms;  
(ii) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Notes Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms,

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms and:  
(i) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Notes Final Terms; 
(2) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(3) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(4) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(C) 
If the Notes Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(D) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the “Reference Rate” is specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
(B) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Notes Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formulas: (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Notes Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
   1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × D
𝑑

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Notes Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms or, if no such 
period is specified, two TARGET Settlement Days. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(e)(B) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference 
rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Holders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if applicable), 
the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(j) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to 
Condition 7(e), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes 
become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Conditions of the Notes.  
8. 
Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
This Condition 8 applies to Zero Coupon Notes only. The relevant Notes Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of zero coupon interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 8 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Zero Coupon Notes. 
Notes in relation to which this Condition 8 applies and the relevant Notes Final Terms specify as being 
applicable shall not bear interest. Where such Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date 
and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) (as defined in Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase)). As from 
the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase)). 
9. 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6 (Reset Note Provisions) or Condition 7 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions), if at the time of determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or a Reference 
Rate (as applicable) a Benchmark Event occurs or has occurred and is continuing, then the following 
shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with subparagraph (iv) below). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 9(i) prior to the Reset Determination Date, then 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 9). 
If this subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this subparagraph (ii), the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for a term equivalent to the Reset Period or to the relevant Interest Period (as 
applicable) published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable), in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable)). If there has not been a First Reset Date or First 
Interest Payment Date (as applicable), the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall be the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), and any Subsequent Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
subparagraph (i) of this Condition 9. 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark in relation to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 9). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the 
event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent 
Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, and (ii) the terms of 
such amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
subparagraph (vi) below, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Holders, vary 
these Conditions of the Notes with the date specified in such notice. Any of these changes shall 
apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 9).  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any changes 
pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and will be binding on the Issuer and the 
Holders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 9, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the Group or to result in the partial or full exclusion of the Notes from treatment 
as MREL-Eligible Instruments of the Group, or could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant maturity date. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(a) 
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). The Maturity Date of the Notes will not exceed 50 years from the Issue 
Date. 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year 
from their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required 
from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
(i) 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note (the “Early 
Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon)”) upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event), Condition 10(d) (Redemption due to a 
Capital Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event), 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual 
Call)or Condition 10(i) (Redemption at the option of Holders) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 13 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is set out in the relevant Notes Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes 
if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption due to a Tax Event), Condition 
10(d) (Redemption due to a Capital Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call) or Condition 10(i) (Redemption at the option of 
Holders) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount (Zero Coupon) due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 8 (Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(c) 
Redemption due to a Tax Event: If a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable), 
subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in Condition 10(k) (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to 
the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption due to a Capital Event: If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then if a Capital Event has occurred 
and is continuing, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid (if 
any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption due to a MREL Disqualification Event: If MREL Disqualification Event is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then if a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase set out in Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date for redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and 
unpaid (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if 
so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 
calendar days’ nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date for redemption) subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase). 
Redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place after 
five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations 
(g) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Note shall be redeemed in part in

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the outstanding Notes to be 
redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Issuer Residual Call: If “Issuer Residual Call” is specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
being applicable, and if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes is equal or 
less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued 
and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally 
issued), the Issuer may, subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Notes Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the applicable Notes Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for 
redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Holders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Notes Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued and unpaid to 
such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(i), the Holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms), give 
written notice to the Issuer through Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Participant, as applicable. 
In accordance with Article 63(i) of CRR, if the Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, the Put Option shall not be specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Purchase set out in 
Condition 10(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase).  
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase: Other than in the case of a redemption at maturity in 
accordance with Condition 10(a) (Final Redemption), the Issuer may redeem the Notes (and give 
notice thereof to the Holders) and the Issuer or its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes, only if such 
redemption or purchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been 
granted the prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 10(c) (Redemption 
due a Tax Event), 10(d) (Redemption due to a Capital Event), 10(e) (Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) and 10(h) (Issuer Residual Call), the Issuer shall make available to the 
Holders at its registered office a certificate signed by two of its duly Authorised Signatories 
stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Pursuant to article 78 CRR and with respect to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, the Competent 
Authority shall grant permission for an institution to reduce, call, redeem, repay or repurchase 
Tier 2 Instruments: 
(i) 
where either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of such 
actions, exceed the requirements laid down in the CRR, the CRD IV Directive and 
the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary. 
(ii) 
in the case of any such actions during the five years following the issue date of the Notes 
if: 
(a) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i)(a) or (i)(b) above are met; and  
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the institution 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the regulatory 
reclassification of those instruments was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance; or 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Tax Event, the institution demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance; or 
(d) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the institution and the Competent Authority 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(e) 
the Notes are repurchased for market making purposes. 
Pursuant to article 78a CRR, and with respect to Notes qualifying as Eligible Liabilities, the 
Relevant Resolution Authority shall grant permission for an institution to call, redeem, repay or 
repurchase eligible liabilities instruments where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as any of such actions, the institution replaces the eligible 
liabilities instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following any of such 
actions, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
CRR, the CRD IV Directive and the BRRD by a margin that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(c) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR 
and in CRD IV Directive for continuing authorisation. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) 
will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on 
behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the T2, 
details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Participant at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on which the 
payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the procedures 
of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant to receive payments under 
the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of the dealers will have any 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Payments subject to laws: Save as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation), all payments in respect 
of the Notes will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment or other laws or regulations to which the Issuer is subject and 
the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations or directives. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Holders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay.  
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: All payments of interest and any other amounts 
payable in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest and, 
if so specified in the relevant Notes Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any), the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such payments of interest and, if so specified in the relevant Notes 
Final Terms, principal (and/or premium, if any) had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any payment 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Ordinary Senior Notes by reason of 
his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Ordinary Senior Notes; or

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to the 
appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such Ordinary 
Senior Note, of a custodian, collection agent, person or entity acting on its behalf or similar 
person in relation to such Ordinary Senior Note; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Ordinary Senior Notes the 
Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received such information it may 
be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting requirements, as may be 
necessary to allow payments on such Ordinary Senior Notes to be made free and clear of 
withholding tax or deduction on account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including when 
the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly executed and 
completed certificate, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, 
as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or 
regulation. 
(b) 
Gross up in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes: All payments of 
interest and any other amounts payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax in respect of payments of interest and any other amounts (excluding, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any repayment of principal or any premium), the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in Holders receiving the amount of interest as they would have 
received had no such withholding or deduction been required (but no additional amounts shall be 
paid in respect of payments of principal or any premium). 
However, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in relation to any payment 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Spain 
other than:  
(A) 
the mere holding of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes; or  
(B) 
the receipt of any payment in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
where taxes are imposed by the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax) that are (i) any estate, 
inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar taxes or (ii) solely due to the 
appointment by any Holder, or any person through which such Holder holds such Senior

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, of a custodian, collection agent, person or 
entity acting on its behalf or similar person in relation to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is an individual resident for tax purposes 
in the Kingdom of Spain (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax); or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whose Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes the Issuer (or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not 
received such information it may be required in order to comply with Spanish tax reporting 
requirements, as may be necessary to allow payments on such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes to be made free and clear of withholding tax or deduction on 
account of any taxes imposed by Spain, including when the Issuer (or an agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) does not receive a duly executed and completed certificate, pursuant 
to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or regulation. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions of the Notes, any amounts to be paid by 
the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of 
the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof 
(“FATCA”) or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
13. 
Events of Default  
(a) 
Events of Default relating to the Notes: 
If an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
liquidation (“liquidación”) of the Issuer (except in the case of a reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of 
Holders of the Notes; or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation is (A) a financial institution (“entidad de crédito”) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, 
as amended and restated and (B) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating 
Agency equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the Issuer 
immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation) and such order is continuing, 
then any Note may, unless there has been an Extraordinary Resolution to the contrary at a meeting 
of Holders, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the Outstanding Principal Amount 
together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to the date of payment shall, when permitted 
by applicable Spanish law, become immediately due and payable without further action or 
formality. 
If a default occurs under this Condition 13(a), claims of Holders in respect of the Notes shall rank 
as set out under Condition 4 (Status). 
Except as set out in this Condition 13(a), Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due 
and payable any amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Notes.  
By its acquisition of any Note, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the taking by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority of an early intervention measure or a resolution or moratorium

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
action in respect of the Issuer under the Applicable Banking Regulations shall not constitute an 
event of default and Holders shall have no right to declare immediately due and payable any 
amounts of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Additional Events of Default 
This Condition 13(b) applies only to Ordinary Senior Notes if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Notes Final Terms and references to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.  
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, then any Holder of any Note of the 
relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer declare such Note and all interest then accrued 
and unpaid on such Note to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall, when 
permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately due and payable at its Outstanding 
Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment (if any) 
without further action or formality: 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for 
payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 14 
calendar days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under 
or in respect of the Notes and such default (i) is incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default 
which is capable of remedy, remains unremedied for 30 calendar days after the relevant 
Holder has after given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court, or any 
order of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any resolution is 
passed by the Issuer to apply for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for 
the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings 
in relation to the Issuer or substantially all of its assets (unless in the case of an order for a 
temporary appointment, such appointment is discharged within 30 days); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer (except (A) in the case of a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which 
has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Holders of the Notes; 
or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is 
(x) a financial institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended 
and restated and (y) has a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by a Rating 
Agency equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the Issuer 
immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation, or (B) where the Issuer 
otherwise continues to carry on the relevant business whether directly or indirectly) ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business; or 
(v) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or similar official in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and is not discharged 
within 30 calendar days; or 
(vi) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Green Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Notes Final 
Terms are stated to be for “green” projects as described therein (the “Green Notes Use of

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Proceeds Disclosure” and the “Green Notes”, as appropriate), no event of default shall occur or 
other claim against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in 
respect of, such Green Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green Notes not being 
used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any 
other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green Notes Use 
of Proceeds Disclosure. 
14. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
If this Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms, no Holder may at any 
time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or 
may have or acquire against such Holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all 
agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and each Holder shall 
be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in 
relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Holder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any Holder of any Note but for this Condition. 
15. 
Substitution and Variation 
If this Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the relevant Notes Final Terms and a Tax Event, a MREL 
Disqualification Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may, at any time, 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, so that they are substituted 
for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), subject to obtaining the 
prior Supervisory Permission, when applicable, and in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations, 
and provided that the Issuer shall have obtained a Bank’s Certificate and an Independent Financial 
Adviser Certificate (copies thereof will be available at the Issuer’s registered office during its normal 
business hours) at least 15 Business Days prior to the issue or, as appropriate, variation of the relevant 
Notes. 
Any notice provided in accordance with this Condition 15 shall be irrevocable, specify the relevant 
details of the manner in which such substitution or, as the case may be, variation shall take effect 
(including the date for substitution or variation) and where the Holders can inspect or obtain copies of 
the new conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or, as the case may be, variation will be effected 
without any cost or charge to the Holders. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 15, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Holders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority to

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Holder 
which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
16. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five years after the date on which the payment in question becomes due and payable. 
17. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 17 (Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver) will apply to all 
issuances of Notes. 
(b) 
Convening meetings 
(i) 
Meetings convened by the Issuer: The Issuer may, at any time, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by Holders holding not less than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding (the “relevant Holders”), convene a meeting of Holders.   
(ii) 
Meetings convened by the Holders: If the Issuer has not delivered notice convening a 
meeting of the Holders prior to the expiry of seven clear days from the date on which the 
Issuer has received written directions from the relevant Holders to do so, the relevant 
Holders may themselves convene the meeting in place of the Issuer subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17, provided however that, in such 
circumstances all references to the performance by the Issuer of a particular obligation in 
this Condition 17, or the delivery by the Issuer of any notice in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), shall be deemed to be a reference to the performance by the relevant Holders 
of such obligation and/or the delivery of such notice. Any costs and expenses incurred by 
the relevant Holders as a result of, in connection with or related to the convening by them 
of a meeting of the Holders in such circumstances shall be for the account of the Issuer 
and shall be promptly paid by the Issuer to the account designated for such purpose in 
writing by the relevant Holders upon presentation of receipts, invoices or other 
documentary evidence of such costs. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no refusal or failure by the Issuer to convene a meeting of 
the Holders when so directed by the relevant Holders shall give rise to any right by any 
Holder to declare any principal amounts or interest in respect of the Notes immediately 
due and payable. 
(c) 
Procedures for convening meetings: At least 21 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which 
need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a 
videoconference platform), day and hour of the meeting shall be given to the Holders in the 
manner provided in Condition 19 (Notices).  
The notice, which shall be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business 
to be transacted at the meeting and, where the meeting has been convened to vote on any matter 
requiring the approval of the Holders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall specify 
the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed. This notice shall include information 
as to the manner in which Holders are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting. 
If the meeting has been convened by the relevant Holders in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 17(b)(ii)(Convening meetings — Meetings convened by the Holders), a copy of the 
notice shall also be sent by certified post to the Issuer.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(d) 
Chairperson: The person (who may be, but need not be, a Holder) nominated in writing by the 
Issuer shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting (the “Chairperson”) but if no nomination 
is made or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting, the Holders present shall choose one of their number to be 
Chairperson, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson. The Chairperson of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which 
the adjournment took place. 
(e) 
Quorums 
(i) 
Regular Quorum: At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 5% in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business, and no business (other than the 
choosing of a Chairperson in accordance with Condition 17(d) (Chairperson)) shall be 
transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of 
business.  
(ii) 
Extraordinary Quorum: The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50% in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. 
(iii) 
Enhanced Quorum: At any meeting the business of which includes any of the following 
matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved 
by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
a reduction or cancellation of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding; or 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable or modification of the Interest Payment Dates 
or variation of the method of calculating the Rate of Interest; or 
(C) 
a modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; 
or 
(D) 
a modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(E) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 17(i)(iii)(F) 
below; or 
(F) 
alteration of this provision 17(e)(iii) or the provision to Condition 17(f)(i) below,  
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(f) 
Adjourned Meeting 
(i) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction 
of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if convened by 
Holders or if the Issuer was required by Holders to convene such meeting pursuant to

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Condition 17(b) (Convening meetings), be dissolved. In any other case it shall be 
adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that day is not a Business Day the next 
following Business Day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting at 
which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall be adjourned 
for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days and at a place 
appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Issuer).  
Otherwise, at least 7 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which need not be a physical 
place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference 
or electronic platform), day and hour of the adjourned meeting, and otherwise given in 
accordance with Condition 17(c) (Procedures for convening meetings) shall be given to 
the Holders in the manner provided in Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice may be given 
at the same time as the notice convening the original meeting). 
(ii) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present 
for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may 
either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being 
(A) 
for any matter other than to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days); or 
(B) 
for any matter requiring approval by an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days nor more than 42 clear days, 
and in either case to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after the 
adjourned meeting) and approved by the Issuer, and the provisions of this sentence shall 
apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(iii) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding so held or represented by them) shall 
(subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have 
power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all 
matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present, provided that at any 
adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters specified in the 
provision to Condition 17(e)(iii) (Quorums —Enhanced Quorum) the quorum shall be one 
or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
one-third in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(g) 
Right to attend and vote 
(i) 
The provisions governing the manner in which Holders may attend and vote at a meeting 
of the Holders must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a meeting. 
(ii) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the definition of 
“outstanding”, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be 
entitled to vote at any meeting of the Holders or join with others in requiring the convening 
of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(iii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 17(g)(ii) at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each Note. 
(h) 
Holding of meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of 
hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of hands 
and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may 
be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of 
hands) demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present 
(whatever the principal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairperson 
that a resolution has been carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a 
particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or 
proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 17(h)(ii) if at any meeting a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in the 
manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of 
the meeting at which the poll was demanded as of the date of the taking of the poll. The 
demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of 
any business other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn 
the meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at 
any adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for lack of required 
quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(i) 
Approval of the resolutions 
(i) 
Any resolution (including an Extraordinary Resolution) (i) passed at a meeting of the 
Holders duly convened and held (ii) passed as a resolution in writing or (iii) passed by way 
of consents given by Holders through the relevant clearing system(s), in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 17, shall be binding upon all the Holders whether present 
or not present at the meeting and whether or not voting (including when passed as a 
resolution in writing or by way of a consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the resolution accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence 
that the circumstances justify its passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution 
duly considered by the Holders shall be published in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) by the Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-
publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
(ii) 
The expression “Extraordinary Resolution” when used in this Condition 17 means (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 17 by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the 
persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by 
a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll; (ii) a resolution

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, which resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more of the Holders; or (iii) consent given through the relevant clearing system(s) by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. 
(iii) 
A meeting of the Holders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
the quorum contained in Conditions 17(e)(ii) and 17(e)(iii), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between 
the Issuer and the Holders; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Holders against the Issuer or against any of its property 
whether these rights arise under these Conditions of the Notes or the Notes or 
otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in these Conditions 
of the Notes or the Notes which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this 
Condition 17 or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Holders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Holders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Holders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to agree with the Issuer or any substitute, the substitution of any entity in 
place of the Issuer (or any substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes;  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 17(i)(i), to be passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17, a resolution (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the resolution 
upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes given on the 
poll. 
(v) 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of any 
amendments determined pursuant to Condition 9 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(j) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered 
in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes 
signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or 
proceedings had transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them 
and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which 
minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings had transpired at the meeting to have been duly passed 
or had.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(ii) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day 
on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(iii) 
Any modification or waiver of the Conditions of the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 17 will be effected in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and 
conditional upon any prior approval from the Competent Authority, to the extent required 
thereunder. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, but subject to any Supervisory 
Permission (if required), create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with 
the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed and/or admitted to trading. 
If the Notes are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer shall 
ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement of inside information (“comunicación de información privilegiada”) or of other relevant 
information (“comunicación de otra información relevante”) to be filed with the CNMV and to be 
published at the CNMV’s official website at www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be 
published in the official bulletin of AIAF (“Boletín de Cotización de AIAF”). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in the Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Notes are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to Holders shall 
be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
20. 
Loss absorbing power 
(a) 
Acknowledgement: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the Holders, by its subscription and/or 
purchase and holding of the Notes, each Holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 20 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the 
Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Loss Absorbing 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, 
converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(c) 
Notice to Holders: Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Holders 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. No failure or delay 
by the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Holders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  
(d) 
Proration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect 
to less than the total Amounts Due, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis, unless the 
Relevant Resolution Authority instructs otherwise. 
(e) 
Condition Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 20 shall be exhaustive on the 
foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Holder. 
(f) 
No Event of Default: None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer or the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an 
event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle 
the Holders to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law (legislación común 
española). 
(b) 
Spanish courts:  
Each of the Issuer and any Holder submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in 
particular, to the venue of the city of Madrid, Spain, in relation to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II“); or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor“) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)//distributor] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [●] 
Euro Medium Term Note and European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
OPTION 1 (NORMAL ISSUANCE UNDER THE PROGRAMME ON THE BASIS OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Notes (the 
“Conditions of the Notes”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] [●] 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes.] 
OPTION 2 (ISSUANCE ON THE BASIS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM AN EARLIER BASE 
PROSPECTUS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus 
with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, and, save in respect of the 
Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [●] [●] [2023/2022] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] ([together, ] the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
END OF OPTIONS 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer ([●]) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es).  
[For the avoidance of doubt, information contained on any website referred to in the Base Prospectus does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus (unless specifically incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.] 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1.  
Issuer: 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] 
on [[●]/the Issue Date]]. 
3.  
Specified Currency:  
[EUR] 
4.  
(i) 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Number of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus 
accrued and unpaid interest from [●] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6.  
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [●]] 
7.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] (No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or equivalent in 
another currency)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
8.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9.  
Maturity Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [●] (for Floating 
Rate Notes)] 
10.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] / [[●] [●] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% 
Floating Rate] / Reset Notes / [[●]% Fixed Rate to [●] [●] 
[EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% Floating Rate] / [[●] [●] 
[EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% Floating Rate to [●]% Fixed 
Rate] / [[●]% Fixed Rate to Reset] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [18/19/20] below) 
11.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●]/[100]% 
of their Outstanding Principal Amount. 
12.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating rate, Floating to 
Fixed rate of Fixed to Reset rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 18, 19 or 20 below and identify there / Not 
Applicable] 
13.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]  
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [21/22] below)] 
14.  
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes / Senior Notes – Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes] / [Subordinated Notes – Senior 
Subordinated Notes / Subordinated Notes – Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes] 
15.  
Date and details of the relevant 
approval/resolution(s) for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
16.  
Gross-up in respect of principal 
and any premium (pursuant to 
Condition 12(a)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes and include 
“Applicable” only if such Notes are not intended to qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Instruments) (Include “Not Applicable” for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [●] to [●]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a short or long Interest 
Period 
(“Broken 
Amount(s)”): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
18.  
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●]% per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][●]% per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date:  
[●] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
date falling [in/on] [●] / Not Applicable 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●]  
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [●]  
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [●] [and [●]]  
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
 
(xv) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions of the Notes 
apply

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(xvi) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(xviii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(xix) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(xxii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
(xxiii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
19.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [●] to [●]] / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] [●] [EURIBOR / €STR]  
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable]  
 
• 
p:  
[2 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [●]] 
(In case of EURIBOR, the second day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period) 
(In the case of €STR, the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one of: EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-
EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the terms 
and conditions)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] (Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Averaging Method 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
20.  Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
[●]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21.  
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[●] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Period (call): 
[[●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note and method, if any, 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]/[in 
the period from and including [date]] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
22.  
Redemption due to a Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 10(d) apply 
23.  
Redemption due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 10(e) apply 
24.  
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25.  
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Residual Percentage: 
[[20] per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
26.  
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each 
Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
27.  
Notice period: 
[●] 
28.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
[Par / [●] per Calculation Amount] 
29.  
Early Redemption Amount of each 
Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[Par / [●] per Calculation Amount / [●]]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable /give details]. 
 
31.  
Waiver of set-off rights 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
32.  
Substitution and Variation:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33.  
Additional 
Events 
of 
Default 
(Ordinary Senior Notes): 
[Condition 13(b) is applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of Unicaja Banco, S.A.: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised pursuant to the authorisations of [●] 
Date:

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [AIAF / other stock 
exchange or market (either Spanish, European or non-
European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading 
facilities or any other organised markets)] [within 30 days 
following the Issue Date / Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination Agent] and those that 
may eventually payable to any Independent Financial Adviser (if eventually appointed), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
Notwithstanding the above, [any of] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial 
Adviser (should one be eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent/Determination 
Agent] and any Independent Financial Adviser (if eventually appointed) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests (including when the Issuer, 
any member of the Group or any dealer or any member of their groups acts as Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent))] 
4.  
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] [The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
[Subscription and payment:] 
[The Notes have been subscribed and paid up on [●]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation /[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation / 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
6.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the 
Base Prospectus has been 
communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
7.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus. [The Notes 
are expected to be eligible for MREL] [The Notes are intended 
to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer for the purposes of 
Applicable Banking Regulations] / Other (if reasons for the 
offer are different from general financial requirements and 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will need 
to be stated here) / [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
[Green Notes] and an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the Notes will be used to finance and/or 
refinance [Green Eligible Projects / Describe Green Eligible 
Project if there is a particular identified use of proceeds under 
the Green Bond Framework] as described in paragraph (b) of 
the section headed “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus 
(in case it is specified Green Notes, the following wording 
shall be inserted: 
“Investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular the risk factor entitled “Notes issued as “Green 
Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s 
investment criteria”.)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 114 ---
114

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE EUROPEAN COVERED BONDS (PREMIUM) 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as defined below) which will be 
completed by the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms.  
1. 
Introduction  
(a) 
Programme: Unicaja Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note and 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme (the “Programme”) under a Base Prospectus 
dated 28 May 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) for the issuance of up to €3,500,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds and notes. 
The Covered Bonds will be considered European Covered Bond (Premium) (“Bono Garantizado 
Europeo (Premium)”) pursuant to article 4.3 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Fixed to 
Floating Covered Bonds or Floating to Fixed Covered Bonds.  
(b) 
Covered Bonds Final Terms: Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series 
(each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of 
Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the “Covered Bonds Final Terms”) 
which complements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions of the Covered Bonds”). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds as completed by the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between these Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agency: For Covered Bonds listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds will be carried out directly by the Issuer through Iberclear (as defined below). 
(d) 
The Covered Bonds: All subsequent references in these Conditions of the Covered Bonds to 
“Covered Bonds” are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-
accionistas/emisiones/programas-de-emision)31. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions of the Covered Bonds the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org)32; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the 
 
31 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.  
32 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
date of issue of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds of such Series, as published by ISDA (copies 
of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org)33; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines is in the customary market 
usage in the debt capital markets for transactions which reference the relevant Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made), the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the Independent Financial 
Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been 
appointed, as applicable, determines to be appropriate having regard to the objective, so 
far as reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (d), of reducing any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“AIAF” means the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and 
 
33 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser (in the event that one has been 
appointed), as applicable, determines in accordance with Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate period in the relevant currency; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five consecutive 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future 
Date”); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate, 
that such relevant Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); 
or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such relevant Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such relevant Reference Rate is or will be by a 
Specified Future Date no longer representative of an underlying market and such 
representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, 
if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Calculation Agent, if different to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent, 
if different to the Issuer, shall not have any responsibility for making such determination; 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as amended or 
replaced from time to time;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
“Business Day” means a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the 
following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “"Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Issuer or such other Person specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Certificate” has the meaning given in Condition 3Error! Reference source not found. (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer — Title and Transfer); 
“Chairperson” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 14(d) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver – Chairperson);

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
“CNMV” means the Spanish Securities Market Commission (“Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores”); 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Payments); 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of clearly defined Eligible Assets that secures the payment 
obligations attached to the Covered Bonds, with the Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool 
segregable from other assets of the Issuer, all in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021; 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means the external or internal monitor of the Cover Pool appointed in 
accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 (“órgano de control del conjunto 
de cobertura”);  
“Covered Bonds” means covered bonds collateralised by eligible primary assets referred to in 
paragraphs (d) and (f) of article 129.1 of CRR (“cédulas hipotecarias (bono garantizado europeo 
(premium)”); 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds or the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1) + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable) or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
“Eligible Assets” means the eligible assets which form part of the Cover Pool, including (i) the 
eligible primary assets referred to in paragraphs (d) and (f) of article 129.1 of CRR, (ii) 
replacement assets, (iii) the liquid assets that make up the liquidity buffer of the Cover Pool and 
(iv) the credit rights in connection with the derivative financial instruments linked to the Cover 
Pool, all in accordance with the applicable regulations in force from time to time and the covered 
bond programme authorised by the Bank of Spain; 
“Eligible Persons” means those Holders or persons (being duly appointed proxies or 
representatives of such Holders) that are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Holders, 
for the purposes of which no person shall be entitled to vote at any such meeting in respect of 
Covered Bonds held by or for the benefit, or on behalf, of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in Condition 14 (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver);  
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
“FATCA” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Payments); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“FROB” means the Spanish Executive Resolution Authority (“Fondo de Reestructuración 
Ordenada Bancaria”); 
“Green Covered Bonds” has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Green Covered Bonds);  
“Green Covered Bonds Use of Proceeds Disclosure” has the meaning given in Condition 12 
(Green Covered Bonds); 
“Group” means the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
“Holder” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer — 
Title and Transfer); 
“Iberclear” means the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal, the Spanish central securities depository, which 
manages the Spanish Central Registry and the Spanish settlement system; 
“Iberclear Participants” means each participating entity (“entidad participante”) in Iberclear; 
“ICMA” means the International Capital Markets Association; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial firm or financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise or financial institution of international repute appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense. Independent Financial Advisers conduct functions in connection with the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest in the case of Floating Rate Provisions (as provided under 
Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions)) and the discontinuation of benchmarks (as provided 
under Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)); 
“Insolvency Law” means the restated text of the Spanish insolvency law, approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que 
se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Covered Bond and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Covered Bond for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as 
may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the First Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“ISIN” means International Securities Identification Number Code. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Law 10/2014” means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency 
of credit institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“Law 11/2015” means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de 
entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to 
time;  
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call)” means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its 
Outstanding Principal Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means any date so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive;

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
“Optional Redemption Period (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Covered Bonds, all the Covered Bonds issued other than 
those Covered Bonds (a) that have been redeemed; (b) that have been purchased (or acquired) 
and cancelled; (c) that have been substituted and cancelled or (d) that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have prescribed, provided that for each of the following purposes, 
namely: 
(a) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Holders, passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
in writing or an Extraordinary Resolution by way of consents given through the relevant 
clearing systems as envisaged by these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
the determination of how many and which Covered Bonds are for the time being 
outstanding for the purposes of Condition 14 (Meeting of Holders; Modification and 
Waiver); 
those Covered Bonds (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Covered Bond on the Issue 
Date as reduced by any partial redemptions or repurchases from time to time;  
“Payment Business Day” means any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;  
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means the principal financial centre of such member state of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent;  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds and/or the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Residual Call) or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or €STR as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms in respect of the period specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms. The term 
Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 8 
(Benchmark Discontinuation), include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a 
Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate;  
“Regular Period” means:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the First Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular 
Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“relevant Holders” has the meaning give in Condition 14(b)(i) (Meeting of Holders; 
Modification and Waiver - Convening meetings - Meetings convened by the Issuer); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the relevant benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising either the relevant benchmark or the administrator of the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Royal Decree-Law 24/2021” means Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, of 2 November, on the 
transposition of European Union directives in the areas of covered bonds, cross-border 
distribution of collective investment undertakings, open data and reuse of public sector 
information, exercise of copyright and related rights applicable to certain online transmissions

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
and retransmissions of radio and television programmes, temporary exemptions for certain 
imports and supplies, for consumers and for the promotion of clean and energy efficient road 
transport vehicles (Real Decreto-ley 24/2021, de 2 de noviembre, de transposición de directivas 
de la Unión Europea en las materias de bonos garantizados, distribución transfronteriza de 
organismos de inversión colectiva, datos abiertos y reutilización de la información del sector 
público, ejercicio de derechos de autor y derechos afines aplicables a determinadas 
transmisiones en línea y a las retransmisiones de programas de radio y televisión, exenciones 
temporales a determinadas importaciones y suministros, de personas consumidoras y para la 
promoción de vehículos de transporte por carretera limpios y energéticamente eficientes), as 
further amended from time to time; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means any unsecured and unsubordinated senior non 
preferred ordinary obligations (“créditos ordinarios no preferentes”) of the Issuer under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by 
their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Preferred Liabilities” means any unsecured and unsubordinated ordinary obligations 
(“créditos ordinarios”) of the Issuer, other than Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Spanish Central Registry” has the meaning given in Condition 3(c) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer — Title and Transfer); 
“Spanish Civil Code” means the Royal Decree of 24 July 1889 of publication of the Civil Code 
(Real Decreto de 24 de julio de 1889 por el que se publica el Código Civil); 
“Special Cover Pool Administrator” means the special administrator of the Cover Pool 
appointed in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms;  
“Subsidiary” means any entity over which another entity has, directly or indirectly, control in 
accordance with article 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), Rule 43 of 
Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain; 
“sub-unit” means one cent; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; and 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions of the Covered Bonds:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, but the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms gives 
no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression 
is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; and 
(iv) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended, restated or replaced. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Form and denomination: The Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertified, dematerialised book-
entry form (“anotaciones en cuenta”) in the Aggregate Nominal Amount, in the Specified 
Denomination and in the Specified Currency, provided that the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000. 
(b) 
Registration, clearing and settlement: The Covered Bonds will be registered with Iberclear, 
which is the Spanish central securities depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la 
Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds who do 
not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear 
may hold the Covered Bonds through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with Iberclear.  
Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Covered Bonds, notwithstanding the Issuer's 
commitment to assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the Covered Bonds through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
The information concerning the ISIN of the Covered Bonds will be stated in the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer: Title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries and each person 
shown in the central registry managed (the “Spanish Central Registry”) by Iberclear and in the 
registries maintained by the respective Iberclear Participants as being the holder of the Covered 
Bonds shall be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) considered the holder of the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. In these Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds, the “Holder” of a Covered Bond means the person in whose name such Covered Bonds 
is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant accounting book and when appropriate, means 
owners of a beneficial interest in the Covered Bonds. 
One or more certificates (each, a “Certificate”) attesting the holding of the Covered Bonds by 
the relevant Holder in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Participant 
or, where the Holder is itself an Iberclear Participant, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance 
with the requirements of Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Participant's or, as the case may 
be, Iberclear's procedures) to such Holder upon such Holder's request.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
The Covered Bonds will be issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. 
Consequently, the Covered Bonds may be transferred and title to the Covered Bonds may pass 
(subject to Spanish law and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements 
of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant) upon registration in the 
relevant registry of each Iberclear Participant and/or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder 
will be (except as otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant 
Covered Bonds for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in 
respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
4. 
Status 
The payment obligations of the Issuer with respect of principal under the Covered Bonds constitute 
direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
In accordance with article 6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, Holders will be considered creditors with 
special preference (“acreedores con preferencia especial”) in respect of the assets included in the Cover 
Pool pursuant to paragraph 8º of article 1,922 and paragraph 6º of article 1,923 of the Spanish Civil 
Code.  
Subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), 
upon the insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer (i) pursuant to article 270.7 of the Insolvency Law, 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds shall be recognised as obligations of the 
Issuer with special privilege (“créditos con privilegio especial”) in respect of the assets in the Cover 
Pool and (ii) in accordance with article 42.1 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, to the extent that payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds are not fully satisfied from the assets in the Cover 
Pool, the remaining payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds will rank: (a) pari passu 
among themselves and with any Senior Preferred Liabilities; and (b) senior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities and subordinated obligations (“créditos subordinados”) of the Issuer under article 281.1 of 
the Insolvency Law. 
The following paragraphs summarise the policies and procedures contained in the general policy to 
govern the issuance of Covered Bonds approved by the board of directors of the Issuer (the “Policy”) 
which are more relevant for Holders (pursuant to the disclosure requirements contained in letter c) of 
article 7.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021): 
(i) 
the Policy establishes a detailed internal governance framework and the Issuer's administrative 
organisation in relation to the management, control and oversight of its covered bonds 
(including the appointment of the cover pool monitor for each of the Issuer’s covered bond 
programmes) based on: (a) the identification and mitigation of the risks in connection with the 
covered bonds and the business of the Issuer; (b) the design and implementation of a resilient 
risk management framework; and (c) the independent oversight of the actions described in (a) 
and (b) . 
In particular, according to the Policy, the cover pool monitor will be responsible for, amongst 
others, controlling and monitoring the cover pool in order to assess its alignment with the 
Issuer’s management and control framework, reviewing and/or authorising any measure that 
may have an impact on the cover pool and, when necessary (particularly, if requested by the 
competent authority) issuing a certificate detailing the characteristics of the cover pool. 
Intermoney Agency Services, S.A. was appointed by the Issuer on 4 July 2022 as Cover Pool 
Monitor of the covered bond programme of the Issuer for the issuance of Covered Bonds;

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(ii) 
the Policy lays down the criteria and the procedures for the approval and management of the 
covered bond programmes of the Issuer. This includes, amongst others, obtaining the relevant 
regulatory authorisations, the appointment of the cover pool monitor, the assessment of the 
impact of the covered bond programmes in terms of profitability, financing structure and 
liquidity, the term and total amount of the covered bond programmes, the types of assets to be 
included in each cover pool or the information to be delivered to investors.  
In addition, the Policy also details the principles governing the process in the event of 
resolution of the Issuer subject to and in accordance with the provisions set forth in Royal 
Decree-Law 24/2021 and the appointment of a Special Cover Pool Administrator;  
(iii) 
in relation to the cover pool related to each covered bond programme, the Policy also 
establishes the requirements for the selection, assignment, valuation and monitoring of the 
assets to be included in or excluded from the cover pool and the identification and segregation 
of the assets included in the cover pool through the creation of a special register of the cover 
pool; 
(iv) 
according to the Policy, the monitoring process of the cover pool and of the covered bond 
programmes focuses on the test to be performed on the cover pool and on the stress tests related 
to the solvency and liquidity parameters of each covered bond programme. In relation to these 
tests, the Policy details the methodology and steps proposed to execute the tests for the purposes 
of, among others, confirming that the assets included in the cover pool comply with the 
requirements set forth in Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 regarding the level of 
overcollateralisation, the level of granularity of the assets included in the cover pool or the 
expected liquidity levels.  
(v) 
the Policy details the information to be provided pursuant to the reporting obligations set forth 
in Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. In particular, the internal reports to be provided to the different 
departments of the Issuer in charge of assessing and managing the risks under the covered bond 
programmes, as well as the external reports to be published quarterly in accordance with best 
market practices.  
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Holder. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Covered Bonds accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 5(d) 
shall apply to Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only where the Covered 
Bonds Final Terms for such Covered Bonds specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. Except for any

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Interest Period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount is specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any Interest Period for such Covered Bonds shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided 
by the Calculation Amount. The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of interest 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer (if applicable) and to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and, if the Covered Bonds are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter or, 
if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount.  
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only 
if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Holder. 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be (other than in 
respect of Covered Bonds for which €STR or any related index is specified as Reference Rate in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall (other than in the circumstances described in Condition 8 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (C) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during 
such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding 
Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
if the Covered Bonds Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions;  
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
(other than in the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Financial Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Financial Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate. 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms, and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms, and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
and:  
(i) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lookback is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lookback is the number of

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Applicable Business Days as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(8) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms; 
(9) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(10) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date (or to the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable); 
(11) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(C) 
if the Covered Bonds Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as being applicable: 
(1) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative 
Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
(D) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 6(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 6(e) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being applicable,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being “€STR”. 
(B) 
Where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Covered Bonds Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e): 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formulas: (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D” means the number specified as such in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, 360); 
“do” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the “€STR reference rate”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
   1 + €STR𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × D
𝑑

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
“€STRi” means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Covered Bonds 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Covered Bonds become due and 
payable; and 
“p” for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms or, if 
no such period is specified, two TARGET Settlement Days. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to 
be calculated pursuant to Condition 6(e)(B) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, 
such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and/or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR 
reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference 
rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference 
rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Covered Bonds for the first Interest 
Period had the Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise 
stated in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount.  
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer (if applicable) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Holders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis 
of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer (if applicable), 
the Holders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
7. 
Interest Rate Provisions in the event of extension of maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) and Condition 6 
(Floating Rate Provisions), if “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms and, upon occurrence of the circumstances for an extension of maturity set 
forth in article 15 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the Issuer decides to extend the Maturity Date up to 
the Extended Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 9(a) (Redemption and Purchase – Final redemption 
and extension of maturity) and subject to such extension being authorised by the Bank of Spain and all 
other prerequisite requirements for such extension being met, then the following shall apply:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(i) 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall be 
deferred until the Extended Maturity Date specified in the applicable Covered Bonds Final 
Terms;  
(ii) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, interest shall be payable on those 
Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with this Condition 7 on the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds in arrear on (i) each Interest Payment 
Date after the Maturity Date, or (ii) the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, in respect 
of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or 
the Extended Maturity Date, respectively. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date; and 
(iii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, will be as specified in the relevant 
Covered Bonds Final Terms and, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms. 
8. 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions), if at the time of 
determination of any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to 
the Reference Rate a Benchmark Event occurs or has occurred and is continuing, then the following 
shall apply: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Financial 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
subparagraph (iv) below). 
(ii) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Financial Adviser or (ii) the 
Independent Financial Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8 prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
8).  
If this subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to 
the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this subparagraph (ii), the 
Reference Rate shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant 
Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
preceding Interest Period). If there has not been a First Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate that would have been applicable to the 
Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Covered Bonds been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph (ii) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, subparagraph (i) of this Condition 
8. 
(iii) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be the benchmark in relation to 
the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8). 
(iv) 
If the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a reasonable 
commercial manner and following consultation with the Independent Financial Adviser in 
the event one has been appointed, as applicable, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
(v) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions and the Independent Financial Adviser or the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable commercial manner and following consultation 
with the Independent Financial Adviser in the event one has been appointed, as applicable, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions of the Covered Bonds are necessary 
in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, and (ii) the terms of such amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with subparagraph (vi) below, without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the Holders, vary these Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds with the date specified in such notice. Any of these changes shall apply to the 
Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 8). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this subparagraph (v), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(vi) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
changes pursuant to subparagraph (v) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the changes pursuant to subparagraph (v), if any, and will be 
binding on the Issuer and the Holders. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption and extension of maturity:

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date (or, if extended pursuant 
to paragraph (ii) below, on the Extended Maturity Date), subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments). The Covered Bonds may not be redeemed at the option of the Bank other 
than in accordance with this Condition 9. In particular, any redemption of the Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date will require the prior permission of the Bank of Spain. 
(ii) 
If “Extended Maturity” is specified as applicable in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms and as otherwise provided therein, the Issuer or the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator (as applicable) may extend the Maturity Date up to the Extended Maturity 
Date (the Extended Maturity Date falling no later than twelve months after the Maturity 
Date), subject to and in the circumstances contemplated in Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, 
and subject to the prior permission of the Bank of Spain. The Issuer shall notify the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of any extension of the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds (which notice shall specify the Extended Maturity Date), as soon as 
practicable, or of its intention to redeem the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds in full or in part on the Maturity Date at least three Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date, where practicable for the Issuer to do so and otherwise as soon as 
practicable.  
According to article 15.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the Maturity Date may be 
extended if any of the following circumstances occur (i) the existence of a clear risk 
(“peligro cierto”) of default of the Covered Bonds due to liquidity issues in respect of the 
Cover Pool or of the Issuer (such risk of default would exist in the event of a breach of the 
liquidity buffer set forth in article 11 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 or when the Bank of 
Spain undertakes any of the measures contemplated in article 68 of Law 10/2014 (except 
for the measure set out in the second paragraph of letter (j) of such article 68)); (ii) the 
insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer; (iii) a declaration of non-viability of 
the Issuer in accordance with article 8 of Law 11/2015; and (iv) the existence of serious 
disturbances affecting national financial markets, where this has been determined by the 
Macroprudential Authority Financial Stability Board (AMCESFI) by means of a 
communication in the form of a warning or recommendation, which is not confidential. 
In the event of insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, the extension of 
maturity shall not affect the priority of Holders' claims nor reverse the original maturity 
schedule sequence of the Covered Bonds in respect of the Cover Pool.  
(iii) 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Holders in accordance with paragraph (ii) above 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such extension of the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds or, as applicable, the redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity Date or give 
rise to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption.  
(iv) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(a) shall be 
irrevocable. Where paragraph (ii) of this Condition 9 applies, any failure to redeem the 
Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds under this Condition 9(a) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or 
give any Holder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the 
relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(v) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date 
falling on any date after the Maturity Date, each Covered Bond shall be redeemed in part

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
in the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the outstanding 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed on such date bears to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on such date.  
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 15 calendar days' nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the 
Holders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption). 
(c) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Covered Bond 
shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the outstanding Covered Bonds to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
bears to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on such date. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(d) 
Issuer Residual Call: If Issuer Residual Call is specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms as being applicable, and if, at any time, the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds is equal or less of the Residual Percentage specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final 
Terms of the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds originally issued (and, for these 
purposes, any further Covered Bonds issued and consolidated with the Covered Bonds as part of 
the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but 
not some only) of the remaining outstanding Covered Bonds on any date (or, if the Floating Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Covered Bonds Final Terms as being applicable, on any 
Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Covered Bonds Final Terms) 
(which notice shall specify the date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Residual Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(e) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. 
10. 
Payments  
(a) 
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by 
or on behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the 
T2, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Participant at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on which the 
payment of principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the procedures 
of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Participant to receive payments under 
the relevant Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer or, if applicable, any of the dealers will have any 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(b) 
Payments subject to laws: Save as provided in Condition 11 (Taxation), all payments in respect 
of the Covered Bonds will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment or other laws or regulations to which the Issuer is subject 
and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
such laws, regulations or directives. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Holders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered 
Bond is not a Payment Business Day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
No gross up: All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will be made subject to and after deduction or withholding required to be made by law for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional or further amounts in respect of such deduction or withholding. 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts in 
relation to any FATCA Witholding Tax. 
12. 
Green Covered Bonds 
In the case of any Covered Bonds where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the relevant Covered 
Bonds Final Terms are stated to be for “green” projects as described therein (the “Green Covered Bonds 
Use of Proceeds Disclosure” and the “Green Covered Bonds”, as appropriate), no event of default 
shall occur or other claim against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer 
in respect of, such Green Covered Bonds arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green Covered 
Bonds not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, 
or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green Covered 
Bonds Use of Proceeds Disclosure.  
13. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within three years after the date on which the payment in question becomes due and 
payable.  
14. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 14 (Meetings of Holders; Modification and Waiver) will apply to all 
issuances of Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Convening meetings 
(i) 
Meetings convened by the Issuer: The Issuer may, at any time, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by Holders holding not less than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds for the time being outstanding (the “relevant Holders”), convene a meeting of 
Holders.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(ii) 
Meetings convened by the Holders: If the Issuer has not delivered notice convening a 
meeting of the Holders prior to the expiry of seven clear days from the date on which the 
Issuer has received written directions from the relevant Holders to do so, the relevant 
Holders may themselves convene the meeting in place of the Issuer subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 14, provided however that, in such 
circumstances all references to the performance by the Issuer of a particular obligation in 
this Condition 14, or the delivery by the Issuer of any notice in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices), shall be deemed to be a reference to the performance by the relevant Holders 
of such obligation and/or the delivery of such notice. Any costs and expenses incurred by 
the relevant Holders as a result of, in connection with or related to the convening by them 
of a meeting of the Holders in such circumstances shall be for the account of the Issuer 
and shall be promptly paid by the Issuer to the account designated for such purpose in 
writing by the relevant Holders upon presentation of receipts, invoices or other 
documentary evidence of such costs. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no refusal or failure by the Issuer to convene a meeting of 
the Holders when so directed by the relevant Holders shall give rise to any right by any 
Holder to declare any principal amounts or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
immediately due and payable. 
(c) 
Procedures for convening meetings: At least 21 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which 
need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a 
videoconference platform), day and hour of the meeting shall be given to the Holders in the 
manner provided in Condition 16 (Notices).  
The notice, which shall be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business 
to be transacted at the meeting and, where the meeting has been convened to vote on any matter 
requiring the approval of the Holders by means of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall specify 
the terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed. This notice shall include information 
as to the manner in which Holders are entitled to attend and vote at the meeting. 
If the meeting has been convened by the relevant Holders in the circumstances set out in 
Condition 14(b)(ii) (Convening meetings — Meetings convened by the Holders), a copy of the 
notice shall also be sent by certified post to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Chairperson: The person (who may be, but need not be, a Holder) nominated in writing by the 
Issuer shall be entitled to take the chair at each meeting (the “Chairperson”) but if no nomination 
is made or if at any meeting the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time 
appointed for holding the meeting, the Holders present shall choose one of their number to be 
Chairperson, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson. The Chairperson of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which 
the adjournment took place. 
(e) 
Quorums 
(i) 
Regular Quorum: At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than 5% in principal amount of the Covered Bonds 
for the time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business, and no business (other than the 
choosing of a Chairperson in accordance with Condition 14(d) (Chairperson)) shall be 
transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of 
business.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(ii) 
Extraordinary Quorum: The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50% in principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding. 
(iii) 
Enhanced Quorum: At any meeting the business of which includes any of the following 
matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved 
by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
a reduction or cancellation of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the 
time being outstanding; or 
(B) 
a reduction of the amount payable or modification of the Interest Payment Dates 
or variation of the method of calculating the Rate of Interest; or 
(C) 
a modification of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to 
be made; or 
(D) 
a modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(E) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 14(i)(iii)(F) 
below; or 
(F) 
alteration of this provision 14(e)(iii) or the provision to Condition 14(f)(i) below,  
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in 
the aggregate not less than two-thirds in principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the 
time being outstanding. 
(f) 
Adjourned Meeting 
(i) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction 
of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if convened by 
Holders or if the Issuer was required by Holders to convene such meeting pursuant to 
Condition 14(b) (Convening meetings), be dissolved. In any other case it shall be 
adjourned to the same day of the next week (or if that day is not a Business Day the next 
following Business Day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting at 
which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall be adjourned 
for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days and at a place 
appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Issuer).  
Otherwise, at least 7 clear days’ notice specifying the place (which need not be a physical 
place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference 
or electronic platform), day and hour of the adjourned meeting, and otherwise given in 
accordance with Condition 14(c) (Procedures for convening meetings) shall be given to 
the Holders in the manner provided in Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice may be given 
at the same time as the notice convening the original meeting). 
(ii) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present 
for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may 
either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being 
(A) 
for any matter other than to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days); or 
(B) 
for any matter requiring approval by an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than 14 
clear days nor more than 42 clear days, 
and in either case to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after the 
adjourned meeting) and approved by the Issuer, and the provisions of this sentence shall 
apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(iii) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding so held or represented by 
them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as provided 
below) have power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other resolution and to decide 
upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present, provided that at any 
adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters specified in the 
provision to Condition 14(e)(iii) (Quorums —Enhanced Quorum) the quorum shall be one 
or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
one-third in principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding. 
(g) 
Right to attend and vote 
(i) 
The provisions governing the manner in which Holders may attend and vote at a meeting 
of the Holders must be notified to Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) 
and/or at the time of service of any notice convening a meeting. 
(ii) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting. Subject to this, but without prejudice to the definition of 
“outstanding”, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be 
entitled to vote at any meeting of the Holders or join with others in requiring the convening 
of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person. 
(iii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 14(g)(ii) at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of each Note. 
(h) 
Holding of meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of 
hands and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of hands 
and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may 
be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of 
hands) demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present 
(whatever the principal amount of the Covered Bonds held by him), a declaration by the 
Chairperson that a resolution has been carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
by a particular majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the 
number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 14(h)(ii) if at any meeting a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in the 
manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of 
the meeting at which the poll was demanded as of the date of the taking of the poll. The 
demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of 
any business other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded. 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn 
the meeting from time to time and from place to place. No business shall be transacted at 
any adjourned meeting except business, which might lawfully (but for lack of required 
quorum) have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(i) 
Approval of the resolutions 
(i) 
Any resolution (including an Extraordinary Resolution) (i) passed at a meeting of the 
Holders duly convened and held (ii) passed as a resolution in writing or (iii) passed by way 
of consents given by Holders through the relevant clearing system(s), in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 14, shall be binding upon all the Holders whether present 
or not present at the meeting and whether or not voting (including when passed as a 
resolution in writing or by way of a consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the resolution accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence 
that the circumstances justify its passing. Notice of the result of voting on any resolution 
duly considered by the Holders shall be published in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) by the Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-
publication shall not invalidate the resolution. 
(ii) 
The expression “Extraordinary Resolution” when used in this Condition 14 means (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 14 by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the 
persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by 
a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on the poll; (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of 
the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Holders; or (iii) consent given through the relevant clearing 
system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding. 
(iii) 
A meeting of the Holders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
the quorum contained in Conditions 14(e)(ii) and 14(e)(iii), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between 
the Issuer and the Holders; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Holders against the Issuer or against any of its property

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
whether these rights arise under these Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in these Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bonds which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this 
Condition 14 or the Covered Bonds is required to be given by Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Holders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Holders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Holders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to agree with the Issuer or any substitute, the substitution of any entity in 
place of the Issuer (or any substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the 
Covered Bonds;  
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 14(i)(i), to be passed at a meeting of the Holders duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 14, a resolution (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution) shall require a majority of the persons voting on the resolution 
upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, a majority of the votes given on the 
poll. 
(v) 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required in the case of any 
amendments determined pursuant to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(j) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered 
in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes 
signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or 
proceedings had transpired shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them 
and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which 
minutes have been made shall be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings had transpired at the meeting to have been duly passed 
or had. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day 
on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, create and issue further covered 
bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
16. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the 
time being listed and/or admitted to trading.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
If the Covered Bonds are listed on AIAF, to the extent required by the applicable regulations, the Issuer 
shall ensure that (i) the communication of all notices will be made public to the market through an 
announcement of inside information (“comunicación de información privilegiada”) or of other relevant 
information (“comunicación de otra información relevante”) to be filed with the CNMV and to be 
published at the CNMV's official website at www.cnmv.es and (ii) all notices to the Holders will be 
published in the official bulletin of AIAF (“Boletín de Cotización de AIAF”). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in the Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once, on the first date on which publication is made. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, notice will be given in such other manner, and shall be deemed to have been given on such 
date, as the Issuer may approve. 
In addition, so long as the Covered Bonds are represented by book-entries in Iberclear, all notices to 
Holders shall be made through Iberclear for on transmission to their respective accountholders. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law:  
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law 
(“legislación común española”). 
(b) 
Spanish courts:  
Each of the Issuer and any Holder submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in 
particular, to the venue of the city of Madrid, Spain, in relation to any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds). 
 
 
.

--- Page 148 ---
3037885528 
148 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS FINAL TERMS  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each]’manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”)//distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook

--- Page 149 ---
3037885528 
149 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 150 ---
3037885528 
150 
 
Covered Bonds Final Terms dated [●] 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds](European Covered Bond 
(Premium) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [●]   
Euro Medium Term Note and European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] [●] 2024 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Covered Bonds 
Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and 
the offer of Covered Bonds.] 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] [has/have] been published on the 
website of the Issuer ([●]) and on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es). 
[For the avoidance of doubt, information contained on any website referred to in the Base Prospectus does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus (unless specifically incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV.] 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Covered Bonds described herein.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Covered Bonds Final Terms.] 
1 
 
Issuer: 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
2 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date]]. 
3 
 
Specified Currency:  
[EUR] 
4 
 
(i) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●]

--- Page 151 ---
3037885528 
151 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Number of Covered Bonds: 
[●] 
 
(a) Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus 
accrued and unpaid interest from [●] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6 
 
Minimum Subscription Amount: 
[EUR [●]] 
7 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
8 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
9 
 
Maturity Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date in or nearest to [●] (for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds)] 
10 
 
Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable. If any of the triggering circumstances for an 
extension of maturity set forth in article 15 of Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021 occurs, payment of the unpaid Final Redemption 
Amount may be deferred by the Issuer or the Special Cover Pool 
Administrator (as applicable) up to the Extended Maturity Date, 
subject to and in the circumstances contemplated in Royal 
Decree-Law 24/2021, and subject to the prior permission of the 
Bank of Spain. See further paragraph 19.] / [Not Applicable] 
11 
 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds – specify date / Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] / [Not Applicable] 
(The Extended Maturity Date must fall no later than twelve 
months after the Maturity Date) 
12 
 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] / [[●] [●] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% 
Floating Rate] / [[●]% Fixed Rate to [●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate to [[●]%] Fixed Rate]] 
(see paragraph [17/18] below) 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if applicable),

--- Page 152 ---
3037885528 
152 
 [[●]% Fixed Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] [+/–][●]% 
Floating Rate] / [[●]% Fixed Rate to [●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate] / [[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
[+/–][●]% Floating Rate to [●]% Fixed Rate]] 
(see paragraph [17/18/19] below) 
13 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption 
and paragraph 10 above, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [●]/[100]% of their Outstanding 
Principal Amount. 
14 
 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to Floating or Floating to 
Fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 16 and 17 below 
and identify there / Not Applicable] 
15 
 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call – Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [18/19] below)] 
16 
 
Date and details of the relevant 
approval/resolution(s) for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17 
 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable [from [●] to [●]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
18 
 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 153 ---
3037885528 
153 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv)  
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v)  
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(vi)  
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii)  
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii)  
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
 
• 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 
p: 
[2 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [●]] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, the second day on which T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
(In the case of €STR, the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Covered Bonds are due and 
payable)

--- Page 154 ---
3037885528 
154 
 
• 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one of: EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-
EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the terms 
and conditions) 
 
• 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
• 
 
Compounding Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]]

--- Page 155 ---
3037885528 
155 
 
• 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 
Averaging Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]]  
 
• 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short][first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
19 
 
Extended Maturity Interest Rate 
Provisions: 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 156 ---
3037885528 
156 
(a) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year  
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(vi) Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)]]  
(b) Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv)  
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(v)  
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●]]  
 
(vi)  
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii)  
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 157 ---
3037885528 
157 
 
(viii)  
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●][●] [EURIBOR / €STR] 
 
• 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 
p: 
[2 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days / Not Applicable] 
(a minimum of 2 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest Period / [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to each Interest Payment Date 
/ [●]] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, the second day on which T2 in open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
(In the case of €STR, the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Covered Bonds are due and 
payable) 
 
• 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●]  
(in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
• 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[●]  
 
(ix)  
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]  
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one of: 
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-
EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / (each as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions). These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate)

--- Page 158 ---
3037885528 
158 
 
• 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] / [as specified in the ISDA Definitions] / [the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
• 
 
[Compounding 
Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
• 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
 
[Averaging Method: 
(Select the relevant option and delete the rest) 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable Business 
Days]]  
 
• 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 159 ---
3037885528 
159 
 
• 
 
[Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(x)  
Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short][first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●]% per annum 
 
(xii)  
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiii)  
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[●]% per annum / Not applicable] 
 
(xiv)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual [(ICMA/ISDA)] / Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/Actual/360 / 30E/360 [(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[●] / Any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period (call) 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Period: 
[[●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]/[in 
the period from and including [date])] 
 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] 
21 
. 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22 
 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Residual Call): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]]

--- Page 160 ---
3037885528 
160 
 
(ii) Residual Percentage: 
[[20] per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
23 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / [●]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
24 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable / give details]. 
 
25 
 
Substitute assets (activos de 
sustitución): 
[No / Yes] 
26 
 
Contractual overcollateralisation 
[[●]% / Not Applicable] 
27 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
linked to each issue: 
[No / [details]] 
 
Signed on behalf of Unicaja Banco, S.A.: 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised pursuant to the resolutions of [●] 
Date:

--- Page 161 ---
3037885528 
161 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [AIAF / other stock 
exchange or market (either Spanish, European or non-European, 
including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any 
other organised markets)] [within 30 days following the Issue Date 
/ Other time period].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2.  
RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Insert meaning of rating] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant rating is 
endorsed by a CRA which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and

--- Page 162 ---
3037885528 
162 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Calculation Agent] and those that may eventually payable 
to any Independent Financial Adviser (if eventually appointed), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. Notwithstanding the 
above, [any of] the Dealer[s] might be appointed as Independent Financial Adviser (should one be 
eventually appointed). The [Dealers/Calculation Agent] and any Independent Financial Adviser (if 
eventually appointed) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests 
(including when the Issuer, any member of the Group or any dealer or any member of their groups acts 
as Calculation Agent))] 
4.  
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
[Subscription and payment] 
[The Covered Bonds have been subscribed and paid up on [●]]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the

--- Page 163 ---
3037885528 
163 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
6.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of dealer: 
 
 
(iv) 
Countries to which the 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been communicated: 
 
 
(v)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category [1/2] – Not Rule 144A Eligible 
7.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus. / Other (if 
reasons for the offer are different from general financial 
requirements and there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will need to be stated here) / [The Covered Bonds are intended 
to be issued as Green Covered Bonds] and an amount equivalent 
to the net proceeds from the issuance of the Covered Bonds will 
be used to finance and/or refinance [Green Eligible Projects / 
Describe Green Eligible Project if there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds under the Green Bond Framework] as described 
in paragraph (b) of the section headed “Use of Proceeds”] in the 
Base Prospectus (in case it is specified Green Covered Bonds, the 
following wording shall be inserted: 
[“Investors should have regard to the factors described under the 
section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, in 
particular, the risk factor entitled “Notes issued as “Green 
Notes”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor 
expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment 
criteria”.])] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 164 ---
3037885528 
164 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be used by the Issuer: 
(a) for the general financing requirements of the Group; or  
(b) to the financing and/or refinancing, in full or in part, of new and/or existing loans, investments or projects 
that meet the eligibility criteria outlined in the Green Bond Framework (the “Green Eligible Projects”) 
(such Green Securities being referred to as “Green Notes” or “Green Covered Bonds” in the relevant Final 
Terms) and which are summarised below:  
(i) 
Renewable energy. Green Eligible Projects within this category include:  
− 
loans to finance assets that support the electricity generation from solar, wind, hydro, 
geothermal, hydrogen and bioenergy technologies, including the acquisition, construction, 
operation, maintenance or repowering of facilities, subject to certain technical criteria 
outlined in the Green Bond Framework; and 
− 
loans to finance the development, construction, equipment, operation and maintenance of new 
or additional energy transmission and distribution networks from renewable sources, subject 
to certain technical criteria outlined in the Green Bond Framework.   
The environmental objective of this category of Green Eligible Projects is to mitigate climate change 
in accordance with objectives 7 and 13 of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (the 
“SDGs”). 
(ii) 
Green building. Green Eligible Projects within this category include loans that promote the 
acquisition, development and construction of buildings and renovation projects on existing buildings 
aiming at improving their energy efficiency in line with best available techniques, such as district 
heating, smart grids and efficient renovation measures, subject to certain technical criteria outlined 
in the Green Bond Framework. 
The environmental objectives of this category of Green Eligible Projects are to mitigate climate 
change and to adapt to climate change in accordance with objectives 7, 11 and 13 of the SDGs. 
According to the Green Bond Framework, the net proceeds will only be used to finance or refinance Green 
Eligible Projects initiated no more than three years before the Issue Date of the relevant Green Securities.   
Any loan, investment or project that supports or promotes: (i) the exploration, research and exploitation of 
fossil fuels; or (ii) the alcohol, weapons, tobacco, gambling or mining industries, will not be eligible to 
become a Green Eligible Project under the Green Bond Framework. 
For an adequate control of the Green Eligible Projects, the ESG business management directorate (Dirección 
de Negocios ESG) (the “ESG Directorate”) of the Issuer will maintain an inventory of all Green Eligible 
Projects in accordance with the categories established in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The inventory will 
be presented periodically to the sustainability and corporate social responsibility committee of the Issuer 
(the “Sustainability and CSR Committee”) for its approval. 
The Issuer has implemented a process for evaluating and selecting specific Green Eligible Projects to which 
the net proceeds will be allocated, ensuring that their positive sustainability impact aligns with the 
sustainability objectives of the Issuer. The evaluation and selection of Green Eligible Projects is defined in 
two phases: (i) the evaluation of projects aims to identify those projects that are considered sustainable in 
accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the sustainability strategy of the Issuer; and (ii) the 
selection of the most appropriate financial assets that will be part of the Green Eligible Projects. The ESG

--- Page 165 ---
3037885528 
165 
risk management directorate (the “ESG Risk Directorate”) is responsible during the evaluation and 
selection process of, among others, defining the technical criteria for evaluating projects within the existing 
portfolio, conducting expert analysis or submitting quarterly proposals including the final perimeter of 
Green Eligible Projects to the Sustainability and CSR Committee, which will make a final decision on the 
inventory of Green Eligible Projects based on the report prepared by the ESG Directorate. 
Once the projects are evaluated and selected, the proceeds obtained through the issue of the relevant Green 
Securities will be subject to detailed control by the Issuer and included in a specific data base for monitoring 
their evolution (the “Green Bond Register”). According to the Green Bond Framework, the Green Bond 
Register will be construed and maintained by the ESG Directorate and will include the relevant details of 
the Green Securities issued under the Programme and of the Green Eligible Projects (including the amount 
of the portfolio by category of Green Eligible Project, other information regarding the eligibility criteria and 
information to calculate the environmental impact associated with Green Eligible Projects). In addition, (i) 
an excess of Green Eligible Projects above the amount of net proceeds obtained from the issue of Green 
Securities will be maintained in the Green Bond Register to allow the Issuer to allocate at any time such net 
proceeds to Green Eligible Projects; and (ii) if any project attached to the issue of any Green Securities no 
longer meets the requirements to be considered a Green Eligible Project, it will be replaced for any other 
project meeting the eligibility criteria within a maximum period of 12 months. 
During the life of any Green Securities, the Issuer will report annually on (i) the allocation of proceeds 
obtained from the relevant Green Securities until their maturity, including, at least, information regarding 
the amount of the net proceeds from the issue of Green Securities, the percentage of such net proceeds 
allocated to Green Eligible Projects and the balance of unallocated net proceeds (if any); and (ii) the 
environmental impact of the relevant projects at the category level including, at least, information on 
expected environmental impacts of each Green Eligible Project, other positive impacts of Green Eligible 
Projects, a description of the Green Eligible Projects and information on methodologies and assumptions 
used for the calculation of such impacts. The report regarding the allocation of proceeds will be updated in 
the event of any material change affecting the Green Eligible Projects. This information will be included in 
an allocation and impact report (the “Allocation and Impact Report”) available at the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/en/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes)34. 
The 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/content/dam/unicaja/unicaja-corporacion/documentos-
corporacion/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes-en.pdf)35. The Bank has appointed DNV.GL to provide an 
independent second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the Green Bond Framework. The Second 
Party Opinion has confirmed the alignment of the Green Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles. 
The 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/emisiones/marco-de-bonos-verdes)
36 . The 
criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion may change at any time 
and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. 
The Issuer intends to request from DNV.GL (as external auditor) on an annual basis, until all the proceeds 
of any Green Securities have been allocated and if necessary, in the event of new developments, an assurance 
 
34  Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV. 
35 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.   
36 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 166 ---
3037885528 
166 
report confirming that an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Securities issued under the 
Programme has been allocated in compliance with all material respects of the criteria set forth in the Green 
Bond Framework. This assurance report will be attached to the Allocation and Impact Report.   
Prior to any investment in Green Securities, investors are advised to consult the Green Bond Framework. 
Furthermore, investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Notes issued 
as “Green Securities”, as described in “Use of Proceeds”, may not meet investor expectations or be suitable 
for an investor’s investment criteria”. The Green Bond Framework may be subject to review and change 
and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are incorporated into, and/or forms part 
of, this Base Prospectus. 
The “ICMA Green Bond Principles”, at any time, are the Green Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Markets Association at such time, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus are the 
Green Bond Principles June 2021, as amended through the incorporation of an appendix in June 2022 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2022-updates/Green-Bond-
Principles_June-2022-280622.pdf)37. 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be eligible for MREL when the conditions set forth in Article 72b 
of the CRR and Article 45b of the BRRD are met. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
37 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 167 ---
3037885528 
167 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and development 
Unicaja Banco is a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima) incorporated under the laws of Spain 
with the status of a bank. As a financial institution, the Issuer is also subject to special banking legislation and 
related regulations in respect of the management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions, in particular, 
Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, which implements Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 
84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión 
y solvencia de entidades de crédito), and is subject to the supervision, control and regulation of the Bank of 
Spain (Banco de España) and the ECB under the supervision system created by the single supervisory 
mechanism (“SSM”).  
Unicaja Banco is also subject to the Spanish Companies Law (Texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de 
Capital aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio) and the Spanish Securities Market Law, 
Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 November, on the legal regime for investment services companies and other 
entities providing investment services (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico 
de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) and 
further implementing legislation.  
The Issuer was incorporated on 1 December 2011 for an indefinite term by means of the public deed executed 
before the Notary Public of Málaga, Mr. Federico Pérez Padilla García, under number 7,088 of his records, and 
is registered with the Commercial Registry of Málaga, in volume 4952, book 3859, section 8, page no. 111580, 
sheet 1. In addition, the Issuer is registered with the Register of Banks and Bankers of the Bank of Spain, under 
number 2103. The Bank’s tax identification number is A-93139053 and its LEI code is 
5493007SJLLCTM6J6M37. 
The legal name of the Issuer is Unicaja Banco, S.A. The Group operates under the commercial name “Unicaja”. 
The Issuer has its registered office in Avenida de Andalucía 10-12, 29007, Málaga, Spain. Its telephone number 
is +34952138000 and its corporate website is “www.unicajabanco.com” (the information on the corporate 
website of the Issuer does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is expressly incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus). 
Unicaja Banco’s corporate purpose consists of all types of general banking activities, transactions, actions, 
contracts and services including those that are directly or indirectly related or are supplementary to them 
provided that they are permitted or not prohibited by law. Its corporate purpose also includes the rendering of 
investment and other auxiliary services, as well as the rendering of insurance agency activities, as an exclusive 
or associated operator, but not simultaneously. 
The history of the Issuer spans over more than 130 years, with the foundation of Caja de Ahorros y Monte de 
Piedad de Cádiz in 1884 as a starting point. Subsequently, Monte de Piedad y Caja de Ahorros de Almería, Caja 
de Ahorros y Préstamos de Antequera, Monte de Piedad y Caja de Ahorros de Ronda and Caja de Ahorros 
Provincial de Málaga were created between 1900 and 1949. Those savings banks were founded with the aim of 
stimulating the economies of their regions, with a special focus on the agricultural, fishing and tourist sectors 
as well as retail mortgages. Additionally, they were committed to pursuing social welfare projects aimed at 
developing their regions. In 1991, Monte de Piedad y Caja de Ahorros de Ronda, Cádiz, Almería, Málaga y 
Antequera (“Unicaja”) was founded as a result of a five-way merger of these Spanish local savings banks. 
In the 1990s, while the largest Spanish commercial banks focused on their international expansion, savings 
banks significantly expanded across the country pursuant to Royal Decree 1582/1988, of 29 December, on 
expansion of deposit entities (Real Decreto 1582/1988 de 29 de diciembre, de modificación del Real Decreto 
1370/1985, en materia de expansión de entidades de depósito) which allowed savings banks to open branches

--- Page 168 ---
3037885528 
168 
beyond their historical home territories. In this context, Unicaja maintained a prudent and focused growth 
strategy avoiding aggressively entering new markets. In 2010, Caja Provincial de Ahorros de Jaén, the leading 
entity in its province, merged into Unicaja. 
In December 2011, pursuant to the enactment of Royal Decree-Law 11/2010, of 9 July, on governing bodies 
and other aspects of the legal regime for savings banks (Real Decreto-ley 11/2010, de 9 de julio, de órganos de 
gobierno y otros aspectos del régimen jurídico de las cajas de ahorros), which allowed Spanish savings banks 
to indirectly conduct financial activities through commercial banks, Unicaja segregated and transferred all of 
its banking activities to a newly-created public limited company (sociedad anónima) named Unicaja Banco, 
S.A.U. 
In October 2014, Unicaja was transformed into a banking foundation (Fundación Bancaria Unicaja) (the 
“Unicaja Banking Foundation”) pursuant to Law 26/2013, of 27 December, on savings banks and banking 
foundations (Ley 26/2013, de 27 de diciembre, de cajas de ahorros y fundaciones bancarias). Since then, the 
Unicaja Banking Foundation has been and continues to be the Issuer’s principal shareholder, with a 30.236% 
shareholding as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Unicaja Banking Foundation manages the budget of 
the Social Welfare Fund (Obra Social) activities in Andalucía. Additionally, the Unicaja Banking Foundation 
holds the rights to the “Unicaja” brand and allows Unicaja Banco the use of such brand. The management of 
the Unicaja Banking Foundation’s stake in the Group is regulated by the Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol 
(Protocolo de gestión de la participación financiera de la Fundación Bancaria Unicaja en Unicaja Banco) (the 
“Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol”), prepared by the governing body (Patronato) of the Unicaja 
Banking Foundation and approved by the Bank of Spain, which mainly addresses general aims and guidelines, 
brand utilization, the appointment of the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, conflicts of interests 
and intra-group services. 
Merger by absorption of EspañaDuero by Unicaja Banco  
On 28 March 2014, Unicaja Banco acquired control of Banco de Caja de España de Inversiones, Salamanca y 
Soria, S.A. (“EspañaDuero”) through an exchange offer of shares, mandatory contingent convertible bonds 
and perpetual contingent convertible bonds in Unicaja Banco, to be subscribed for by holders of shares and 
mandatory contingent convertible bonds in EspañaDuero. The acquisition was framed by the term sheet for 
EspañaDuero’s restructuring plan. The prospectus in relation to the offer was approved by the CNMV on 26 
November 2013. 
After all the commitments in EspañaDuero’s restructuring plan were fulfilled and, in particular, the repayment, 
on 31 August 2017, of the assistance received and repayable, on 21 September 2018 the merger by absorption 
of EspañaDuero by Unicaja Banco took place. 
The two structures were then fully integrated and combined, which was the culmination of the process of 
merging the two institutions which began through the acquisition of EspañaDuero by the Group in 2014. 
Admission to trading of Unicaja Banco 
In the framework of the bid for EspañaDuero, Unicaja Banco announced its intention to apply for the admission 
to trading of its ordinary shares to the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia stock exchanges (the “Spanish 
Stock Exchanges”) and quoted on the Automated Quotation System (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil, 
S.I.B.E.). 
Within the bookbuilding process with domestic and international investors, the demand for the shares was fully 
covered (in the initial amount and for the shares corresponding to the green-shoe option) and on 29 June 2017 
the Issuer carried out an issue of new shares for a nominal amount of €625 million and the Bank’s shares were 
admitted to trading on the Spanish Stock Exchanges on 30 June 2017.

--- Page 169 ---
3037885528 
169 
On 25 July 2017, Unicaja Banco carried out the share capital increase corresponding to the green-shoe option 
granted to the IPO stabilisation agent. As a result, Unicaja Banco had a share capital for a total of 
€1,610,302,121 divided into 1,610,302,121 registered shares each with a nominal value of one euro. 
Merger by absorption of Liberbank by Unicaja Banco 
On 29 December 2020, the Boards of Directors of Unicaja Banco and Liberbank approved the Merger. 
The Merger was approved by the extraordinary shareholders’ meetings of Unicaja Banco and Liberbank held 
in March 2021 by more than 99% of share capital in both cases, with a quorum of more than 74.7% in the case 
of Unicaja Banco, and more than 55.8% in the case of Liberbank. 
After obtaining the required authorisations, the Merger was registered with the Commercial Registry of Málaga 
on 30 July 2021 and, thus, became effective as of that date, and Unicaja Banco acquired, by universal 
succession, all the rights and obligations of Liberbank. As a result, that was the last day Liberbank’s shares 
were traded on Spanish Stock Exchanges before being exchanged for Unicaja Banco shares. 
Unicaja Banco covered the Merger exchange ratio by delivering to Liberbank’s shareholders one new-issue 
ordinary share for every 2.7705 shares of Liberbank with a nominal value of one euro. Unicaja Banco increased 
its share capital by issuing 1,075,072,455 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of one euro each, for 
distribution to Liberbank’s shareholders, that started trading on the Spanish Stock Exchanges on 2 August 2021. 
As a result, Unicaja Banco’s share capital was represented by 2,654,833,479 shares, each of a nominal value of 
one euro, belonging to the same class and series.  
Recent Developments  
Share Buyback Program 
On 6 February 2024, Unicaja Banco approved the implementation of a share buyback program (the “Share 
Buyback Program”) in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation) (“MAR”) and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing MAR (“Regulation 2016/1052”). The purpose of 
the Share Buyback Program is to reduce the share capital of the Bank through the amortisation of treasury 
shares in accordance with the resolutions of the general shareholders’ meeting of the Bank adopted to this effect. 
The maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under the Share Buyback Program is 100,883,672 for 
a total maximum amount of up to €100 million. Purchases of the shares under this program will be made at 
market price subject to certain limits in terms of price and volume in accordance with MAR and Regulation 
2016/1052. The expected duration of the Share Buyback Program is one year from 1 March 2024, subject to 
the right of the Bank to terminate it if the maximum number of shares or amount set under the Share Buyback 
Program is reached or if any other circumstances require its early termination.  
Alliance agreement between Santa Lucía and Unicaja Banco  
On 23 May 2022, Unicaja Banco and Santa Lucía, S.A. (“Santa Lucía”) reached an agreement to extend their 
joint alliance under the bancassurance regime in the life, risk, savings, accidents and pension plans sectors. 
Pursuant to the terms of this agreement, on 2 November 2022, Santa Lucía acquired 50% of the shares and 
voting rights of both CCM Vida de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. y Pensiones and Liberbank Vida y Pensiones 
while Unicaja Banco retained the remaining share capital of both entities. The effectiveness of the agreement 
was subject to, among others, the termination of the partnership agreements entered into with Mapfre, S.A. 
(“Mapfre”) and Aegon España, S.A.U. de Seguros y Reaseguros (“Aegon”), which terminated on 10 October 
2022 and 14 October 2022, respectively (for further information see “Disintermediation products –Insurance 
products and pension funds”).

--- Page 170 ---
3037885528 
170 
Under the agreement, Unicaja Banco has received as consideration €318 million (subject to any adjustments 
that may be made once the transaction is closed) and may obtain a future consideration of up to €40 million if 
certain objectives are achieved during the 10 years following the date of the agreement.  
Business overview 
The Group carries out its business exclusively in Spain and mainly in the Home Regions. Other areas where 
the Group is present include Murcia, the provinces of Alicante, Barcelona and Valencia and the autonomous 
cities of Ceuta and Melilla.  
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had total assets of €97,153 million (€98,969 million as of 31 December 
2022) and was the sixth largest Spanish listed bank by assets (as per Spanish Confederation of Savings Banks 
(CECA) and Spanish Banks Association (AEB) reported figures). As of 31 December 2023, the Group served 
around 3.77 million individuals (including self-employed) and 189 thousand SMEs (Source: Bank’s internal 
data) and corporate customers with a primary focus on its Home Regions where the Group is a leading player, 
with market shares of 10.1% in terms of loans and 12.3% in terms of deposits in Andalucía, 18.1% in terms of 
loans and 22.0% in terms of deposits in Asturias, 22.5% in terms of loans and 21.1% in terms of deposits in 
Cantabria, 14.6% in terms of loans and 16.4% in terms of deposits in Castilla-La Mancha, 11.0% in terms of 
loans and 18.6% in terms of deposits in Castilla y León, 13.1% in terms of loans and 19.5% in terms of deposits 
in Extremadura  as of 31 December 2023 (Source: Bank of Spain as of 31 December 2023).  
The Group offers a comprehensive range of retail banking products and services, with a special focus on primary 
residence mortgages, current accounts, term deposits and low-risk off-balance sheet products (mutual funds and 
life savings). 
Operations and activities 
Commercial Banking 
The Group’s commercial banking business provides banking and related financial services to retail customers 
and corporates. Commercial banking remains the Group’s principal line of business, generating the predominant 
portion of its gross income. 
Customers  
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had a total of 3.96 million customers, of which 3.77 million (95.22% of 
total customers) were individuals (including self-employed), and 189 thousand (4.78% of total customers) were 
business customers (including small businesses, SMEs, large corporates and public administrations). The 
Group’s commercial strategy is based on a segmentation of different types of customers, to whom the Group 
offers products and services through different distribution channels, with a tailored customer service and value 
proposal in line with the financial needs that the Group has identified for each customer type.  
The Group’s customer segmentation is primarily based on the different financial needs of individuals throughout 
their life cycle as well as their occupation. The following table sets forth certain information in relation to the 
Group’s customer segmentation as of 31 December 2023:  
 
Number of 
customers 
 
Weight 
(thousand) 
(%) 
Retail customers 
Private banking customers .......................................................................... 
24 
 
0.59%

--- Page 171 ---
3037885528 
171 
Number of 
customers 
 
Weight 
(thousand) 
(%) 
Personal banking customers ........................................................................ 
377 
 
9.53% 
Mass retail customers .................................................................................. 
3,198 
 
80.70% 
Self-employed ............................................................................................. 
175 
 
4.41% 
Business customers 
 
 
 
Large corporates and public administration(1) ............................................. 
9 
 
0.22% 
SMEs(2) ........................................................................................................ 
21 
 
0.53% 
Small businesses and others(3) ..................................................................... 
159 
 
4.03% 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Refers to customers with annual revenues exceeding €50 million. 
(2) 
Refers to customers with annual revenues between €2 million and €50 million. 
(3) 
Refers to customers with annual revenues lower than €2 million.  
Source: Bank data as of 31 December 2023 
The commercial banking business of the Group is customer-centered. The Group’s objective is to attract and 
retain customers, offer increased value and enhanced customer care, bolstered by the segmentation of the 
Group’s customer base and broad distribution network. Within the commercial banking business, the Group has 
developed a specialized offering for each targeted customer segment. 
• 
Professional associations 
The Group offers banking and related financial services to a number of selected professional 
associations. In addition, due to the agreements with such associations, the Group is able to offer 
products and services to their members that are adapted to their specific needs, thereby attracting new 
private and personal banking customers. 
• 
Private banking 
The private banking unit of the Group targets individuals with funds under management in excess of 
€300,000 who have more specialized needs and investor profiles. The Group aims to offer personalized 
and highly sophisticated banking advice for each account. The Group managed private banking assets 
amounting to €7,215 million as of 31 December 2023.  
• 
Personal banking 
The personal banking unit of the Group targets individuals who are in a position to fund an account with 
between €60,000 and €300,000, who are not private banking customers. The Group offers personalized 
banking advice for each account, specialist support and a wide range of value-added financial products. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 377 thousand personal banking customers and held 
approximately €11,385 million in deposits and €8,695 million of loans outstanding in connection with 
the Group’s personal banking unit.  
• 
Corporate banking 
The Group has implemented a service model for corporations and large and medium-sized companies 
adapted to each segment’s financial needs and performance. The key elements of this service model are

--- Page 172 ---
3037885528 
172 
commercial proactiveness, reliability and operational quality, with the aim of offering comprehensive 
solutions to such corporate customers. In the interest of fostering greater knowledge of the Group’s 
customers’ characteristics, needs and potential, the Group’s specialized managers advise customers in 
accordance with both their size (corporate or large or medium-sized enterprise) and their sector of 
activity. 
The account managers are responsible for homogeneous segments of the unit’s customers, so as to offer 
customer-specific management and business analysis solutions. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 1.9 thousand corporate banking customers and held 
approximately €3,673 million in deposits and €8,284 million of loans outstanding in connection with its 
corporate banking unit.  
• 
Enterprise banking 
The enterprise banking unit of the Group offers services comparable to those of the personal banking 
unit to SMEs and to the public sector. The Group adapts the services on offer to each type of customer 
within this category through specialized directors, managers and bankers in order to develop long-term 
relationships and to provide the customer with more in-depth, specialist knowledge. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 7.5 thousand enterprise banking customers (of which SMEs 
represented 76.67% and public sector accounted for 10.92%) and held approximately €4,599 million in 
deposits and €3,798 million of loans outstanding in connection with its enterprise banking unit.  
• 
Agricultural banking 
The agricultural banking unit of the Group targets individual farmers and small legal entities that focus 
on agricultural and agro-food activities, as well as members of agrarian cooperatives and other agrarian 
associations. This category of customer generally has significant income-generating potential and good 
credit quality. Additionally, agriculture is an important sector in the Group’s Home Regions. As such, 
agricultural banking is a strategically important part of the Group’s business.   
Furthermore, as of 31 December 2023, the Group managed more than 75,700 agricultural grants received 
from the EU, which is equivalent to about 10.2% of the market share in Andalucía, 20.0% in Castilla y 
León, 17.4% in Castilla La Mancha and 23.4% in Extremadura, according to the Spanish Agricultural 
Guarantee Fund (Fondo Español de Garantía Agraria), a department of the Ministry of Agriculture, 
Fishing and Food (Ministerio de Agricultura, Pesca y Alimentación). These grants represent a significant 
portion of income for the Group’s agricultural banking customers. 
In order to provide customers with specialized solutions to support and develop their business in rural 
areas, the Group’s specialist managers develop relationships and work closely with these customers. As 
of 31 December 2023, the agricultural banking unit had 130.8 thousand customers and held 
approximately €5,761 million in deposits and €1,817 million of outstanding loans.  
• 
International banking 
The international banking unit of the Group specializes in customers that have cross-border needs. The 
Group’s managers and bankers are qualified in international business and seek to help Spanish 
businesses expand their businesses abroad.  
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had one office in London and one representative office in Mexico 
to help service the international banking customers.

--- Page 173 ---
3037885528 
173 
Banking products  
The Group offers a broad range of banking financial products and services, including mortgage loans, personal 
loans and deposits.  
• 
Mortgage loans 
The Group offers a variety of solutions to customers who wish to finance the purchase of property with 
a secured mortgage. The Group offers mortgage products that are tailored to the Group’s individual 
customers’ circumstances and requirements, including fixed rate, floating rate and mixed rate mortgage 
loans. The Group differentiates between mortgage loans based on the maturity period as well as the type 
of property being mortgaged. The mortgage loans the Group offers are subject to specific conditions, 
including the condition that the sum of the age of the customer and the maturity period of the loan cannot 
be higher than 70 years. 
• 
Personal loans 
The Group offers personal loan products to qualifying customers that are typically for an amount (for 
retail customers) of €50,000 or less with a term of 8 or fewer years. The terms and interest provisions of 
the Group’s personal loan products are specifically tailored to each individual customer’s circumstances 
and the specific need that the loan addresses, including whether it is a household need or the personal 
financing of a business. 
• 
Secured loans 
Secured loans are based on a security interest, whereby the loan is guaranteed by cash, valuables or 
assets other than real property. The terms and interest provisions of secured loans depend on the type of 
the security interest, the amount of the loan and the term of the loan. The typical term for these operations 
is up to three years. 
• 
Credit facilities 
The Group provides credit facility products to companies who wish to have access to short-term liquidity 
and pay interest on the basis of available capital. The Group tailors the credit facility products to the 
Group’s customers’ business needs, which vary based on the customers’ particular industry. The typical 
term for these transactions is up to one year, with the possibility of renewal in certain cases. 
• 
Other specialized corporate products 
The Group offers other corporate products such as discounting facilities and certificates. In addition, the 
Group offers confirming, leasing, renting and factoring services (these last two are provided by third-
party companies with which we have agreements). 
• 
Current and savings accounts 
The Group offers a broad range of current account products to the Group’s customers that feature, among 
other things, automated cash machine (“ATM”) access, checks, connected debit and credit card 
transactions, cash transfer and direct debit options. The deposits, in euro or other currencies, are flexible 
and immediately available. 
• 
Term deposits 
These deposits, in euro or other currencies and made for a determined term, offer an interest-based 
income that varies depending on the term. The amount of the deposit together with the term, which can 
be from one day to five years or longer, affects the amount of interest received by the customer on the

--- Page 174 ---
3037885528 
174 
deposit. The income can be constituted in different ways, including at a growing interest rate, early 
interest, payment at the end of the term or connected to certain market indices. The customer can choose 
whether to manage the transaction in one of our branches or over the internet. 
Distribution channels 
The branch network of the Group provides the foundation for its commercial banking business. The Group has 
also developed a range of alternate distribution channels to improve its customer service and increase efficiency. 
• 
Branch network 
The Group’s branch network is the core of the commercial banking business. The Group offers a full 
range of services through the branch network. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 958 branches in 
39 Spanish provinces, in two autonomous cities (Ceuta and Melilla), one office in London and one 
representative office in Mexico 95.4% of the Group’s branches are located in the Home Regions.  
The geographical distribution of the Group’s branches as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 was as follows:  
 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
 
Number   
% 
 
Number   
% 
 
Andalucía ....................................................  
372 
38.9%
374
38.6% 
Aragón .........................................................  
2 
0.2%
2
0.2% 
Principado de Asturias ................................  
85 
8.9%
85
8.8% 
Cantabria .....................................................  
47 
4.9%
47
4.9% 
Castilla y León ............................................  
131 
13.7%
130
13.4% 
Castilla La Mancha .....................................  
129 
13.5%
128
13.2% 
Cataluña ......................................................  
9 
0.9%
9
0.9% 
Ceuta ...........................................................  
1 
0.1%
1
0.1% 
Comunidad Valenciana ...............................  
10 
1.0%
11
1.1% 
Extremadura ................................................  
64 
6.7%
65
6.7% 
Galicia .........................................................  
10 
1.0%
10
1.0% 
La Rioja .......................................................  
1 
0.1%
1
0.1% 
Madrid .........................................................  
84 
8.8%
93
9.6% 
Melilla .........................................................  
3 
0.3%
3
0.3% 
Murcia .........................................................  
4 
0.4%
4
0.4% 
Navarra ........................................................  
1 
0.1%
1
0.1% 
País Vasco ...................................................  
4 
0.4%
4
0.4% 
Spain ...........................................................  
957 
99.9%
968
99.9% 
United Kingdom ........................................  
1 
0.1%
1
0.1% 
London .......................................  
1 
0.1%
1
100.0% 
Total ...........................................................  
958 
100%
969
100.0% 
 
• 
Internet banking 
The Group offers a wide range of online services to the Group’s customers through the online and 
smartphone platforms. Through the Group’s internet banking platform, customers can, among other 
things, access balance information, pay bills and transfer funds.  
• 
Telephone banking

--- Page 175 ---
3037885528 
175 
The Group also offers to customers the choice to carry out banking transactions over the phone. This 
includes transferring balances, checking balances and paying bills, all without having to go to a branch. 
• 
ATMs 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 2,374 ATMs in Spain, all of which are part of the “Euro 6000” 
ATM network. In addition to the normal functions available at ATMs, certain of the Group’s ATMs allow 
customers to buy tickets for shows, pay taxes, transfer money, and recharge pay-as-you-go mobile phone 
cards amongst other capabilities.  
Disintermediation products 
The Group offers a variety of disintermediation products such as investment funds, insurance products, pension 
funds and other transactional services, with the aim of diversifying its business and expanding its customer 
base. These products are managed mostly by the Bank’s subsidiaries and, in certain cases, by third parties. 
• 
Investment funds 
The Group offers investment fund products of Unigest, S.G.I.I.C., S.A., (“Unigest”), a Group’s 
subsidiary. It also commercializes third-party products of Imantia Capital, S.G.I.I.C., S.A. (“Imantia 
Capital”) and JP Morgan. Unigest mainly manages the investment funds and the investment variable 
capital companies (sociedades de inversión de capital variable, SICAVs) that are under the Group’s 
control. 
Due to the options available through Unigest, as well as their partnerships Imantia Capital and JP 
Morgan, the Group offers a wide range of investments which can be adapted to the requirements of each 
customer. The Group offers these services from the Bank’s branches, but the complementary, recurrent 
activities such as consulting investment funds and other operations can be carried out through the 
Group’s internet and telephone banking platforms. 
The Group’s mutual funds market share by off-balance sheet customer funds was 3.28% as of 31 
December 2023 (3.7% as of 31 December 2022) (Source: Inverco).  
• 
Insurance products and pension funds 
The Group offers insurance products that are adjusted to the particular conditions of each customer, with 
a range of alternative possibilities to cover various circumstances that may affect them personally, their 
property or their employment. 
The insurance business operates through two channels (i) insurance companies (the Group has a relevant 
stake in two life insurance and pension funds companies (Unicorp Vida and Unión del Duero Vida)); 
and (ii) insurance distribution, both with Caser Grupo Asegurador. 
The life insurance and pension funds companies are the following: 
- 
Unicorp Vida (50% stake): During the year 2023, the merger by absorption has taken place of 
Liberbank Vida y Pensiones, Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. and CCM Vida y Pensiones de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A. (as the absorbed entities) by Unicorp Vida, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, 
S.A. (as the absorbing entity). Since there was prior control among these entities, the merger has 
been recorded in the companies with retroactive effects to January 1, 2023, in accordance with the 
applicable financial reporting framework. These entities had entered into a partnership agreement 
with Santa Lucía on an exclusivity basis for the development, joint marketing and distribution under 
the bancassurance regime of life insurance and pension plans in the retail network of Unicaja Banco 
(before the merger with Liberbank).

--- Page 176 ---
3037885528 
176 
- 
Unión del Duero Vida (100% stake): Life Company and Pension Plan Manager, which is in run off 
since September 2017. 
- 
Liberbank Pensiones ((100% stake): Pension Plan Manager; management of occupational pension 
plans. 
Since June 2018, Santa Lucía and Unicaja Banco’s bancassurance operator (Unimediación, S.L.) has in 
place an exclusivity agreement for death insurance products.  
As of 31 December 2023, the equity individual pension plans amounted to €2,432 million (€2,330 
million as of 31 December 2022). The Group had €4,804 million in savings insurance funds in the year 
ended 31 December 2023 (€4,268.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2022).  
With regard to general or non-life insurance products, the Group has two exclusive agreements (one 
originally signed by Unicaja Banco and the other one signed by Liberbank before the Merger) with Caser 
Grupo Asegurador for the marketing of the following types of insurance: multi-risk home, businesses, 
communities and SMEs, payment protection (IT-Unemployment), automobiles, health care (health and 
dental), construction, civil liability and agricultural insurance.  
• 
Services 
The Group offers a range of additional transactional services including:  
• 
Cards: the number of cards issued by the Group was 3 million (of which 44% debit cards and 
56% credit cards) as of 31 December 2023 (3.1 million of which 44% debit cards and 56% credit 
cards as of 31 December 2022). As far as technology is concerned, the basic pack (debit and 
credit) is Contactless, so it uses contactless technology as well as EMV chip and magnetic stripe.  
The Group also offers safe remote payments, through the Digital Banking and mobile services 
“App Unicaja Banco”. 
• 
Point of Sale Terminals (“POS”): the Group’s current offering in POS, with both fixed (ADSL) 
and wireless (Bluetooth technology and GPRS) units, adapts to the different needs of shops and 
businesses. Advances in technology have enabled the Group to integrate new functionalities in 
POS, such as contactless payment or the option for foreign customers using the Group’s POS to 
pay in their home currency. Furthermore, the Group has a virtual POS which offers solutions to 
those of the Group’s customers who offer products and services online. Virtual POS allow for 
payment both with cards and with bizum. 
• 
Securities: this consists of the execution of the sale and purchase transactions of listed securities 
on behalf of the Group’s customers both in domestic and international markets and across 
different fixed and variable income products.  
• 
Payrolls, pensions and benefits: those of the Group’s customers with payrolls and pensions 
directly credited to their savings account enjoy several financial and non-financial benefits in 
products and services, which are included in the Group’s “Servicio Nómina” program. For 
example, The “Plan Cero Comisiones” allows customers to avoid standard banking fees (account 
maintenance, transfers and checks) under certain conditions, and to benefit from premium 
conditions in financial products (loans and deposits with preferential interest rates, salary and 
pension advances at 0% interest rate, overdraft of €300 for directly-credited payrolls and 
advances at ATMs for the withdrawal of pensions) and other benefits implemented by the Bank 
allow customers to have overdrafts of up to €300 for payrolls from €600 to €1,999 and up to €500 
for payrolls equal to or greater than €2,000 (which will be cancelled with the next payroll 
received), salary and pension advances and discounts on newly contracted life insurance policies

--- Page 177 ---
3037885528 
177 
(discounts applicable to the first year’s premium of 10% for salaries equal to or greater than 
€2,000). 
Equity investments 
The main focus of this division is the control, management and administration of the relationships between the 
Issuer and the privately held companies in which it holds a stake, with the aim of obtaining the maximum level 
of contribution from them to its financial results. Furthermore, the corporate development team also analyses, 
manages and proposes investments in other businesses to help the growth of the Group. 
The Group has, individually or jointly with other investors, invested in relevant Spanish businesses that work 
in high-growth areas that it believes to have potential for growth and profitability. The Group’s portfolio 
includes investments in businesses that develop new technology, real estate companies, energy networks and 
generation and infrastructure companies, among others. 
Real estate 
The management team is responsible for the management of the real estate of the Group and provides support 
for the Group’s other entities in the administration of real estate assets. 
Unicaja Gestión de Activos Inmobiliarios, S.A.U., a subsidiary of Unicaja Banco, owns 100% of the shares in 
Gestión de Inmuebles Adquiridos, S.L.U., which has the following corporate purpose: (i) it manages and divests 
the assets transferred to it as required by law; (ii) it acquires, disposes of, manages and operates an array of real 
estate assets, including estates, buildings, housing and real estate in general, no matter its use; (iii) it has 
activities related to urbanization, demolition and construction of buildings, whether directly or through a 
contracted third party, and any other kind of involvement in the real estate market, through providing services 
or managing real estate assets, belonging to the Group or third parties; and (iv) it carries out the study, 
development and comprehensive development of all types of property and projects.  
Board of Directors and Senior Management  
Board of Directors  
The table below sets forth, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer, their positions within the Board and their type of directorship:  
Name 
Date of last 
appointment as 
director  
Expiry date of 
Appointment as 
director  
Position 
Type of 
directorship 
Mr. José Sevilla 
Álvarez 
5 April 2024 
5 April 2027 
Non-Executive 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Mr. Isidro Rubiales 
Gil 
14 November 2023 
14 November 2026 
Executive Director 
Executive 
Mr. Miguel 
González Moreno 
30 March 2023 
30 March 2026 
Vice-Chairperson 
Proprietary(1)  
Ms. Natalia 
Sánchez Romero 
30 March 2023 
30 March 2026 
Secretary (Director) 
Proprietary(1) 
Ms. Rocío 
Fernández Funcia 
14 November 2023 
14 November 2026 
Lead director(2) 
Independent 
Ms. Nuria Aliño 
Pérez 
14 November 2023 
14 November 2026 
Director 
Independent

--- Page 178 ---
3037885528 
178 
Name 
Date of last 
appointment as 
director  
Expiry date of 
Appointment as 
director  
Position 
Type of 
directorship 
Ms. María Luisa 
Arjonilla López 
5 April 2024 
5 April 2027 
Director 
Independent 
Mr. Antonio 
Carrascosa 
Morales 
14 November 2023 
14 November 2026 
Director 
Independent 
Ms. Inés Guzmán 
Arrue 
14 November 2023 
14 November 2026 
Director 
Independent 
Mr. Juan Antonio 
Izaguirre Ventosa  
30 March 2023 
30 March 2026 
Director 
Proprietary(1) 
Mr. José Ramón 
Sánchez Serrano 
30 March 2023 
30 March 2026 
Director 
Proprietary(1) 
Mr. Rafael 
Domínguez de la 
Maza 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2025 
Director 
Proprietary(4) 
Ms. Carolina 
Martínez Caro 
31 March 2022 
31 March 2025 
Director 
Independent 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Shareholder represented: Fundación Bancaria Unicaja. 
(2) 
Lead Director (Consejero Coordinador) with the power to request the call of the Board of Directors or the inclusion of new 
items on the agenda of a meeting already called; to chair the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairperson and Vice-
Chairpersons; to coordinate and meet with the non-executive directors and to be aware of their concerns; to direct, if 
applicable, the periodic assessment of the Board Chairperson; to coordinate the Chairperson succession plan; and to keep 
contact with investors and shareholders to know their points of view so as to have an opinion on their concerns, in particular, 
with regard to the Bank corporate governance. 
(3) 
Shareholder represented: Global Portfolio Investments, S.L. 
Mr. Víctor Covián Regales was appointed at the proposal of the Fundación Bancaria Caja de Ahorros de Asturias as 
director by resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer on 5 April 2024. The effectiveness of such resolution 
is subject to Mr. Víctor Covián Regales obtaining the “fit and proper” verification (verificación de idoneidad) and the 
corresponding relevant regulatory authorizations. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors is composed of 13 members (without including the 
appointment of Mr. Víctor Covian Regales, whose appointment will become effective upon obtaining the “fit and 
proper” verification (verificación de idoneidad) and the corresponding relevant regulatory authorizations). Given the 
current size of the Board of Directors is set at 15 members, the Issuer expects a new appointment to fill the current 
vacancy. 
Mr. Vicente Orti Gisbert acts as Vice-Secretary (non-Director) of the Board of Directors.  
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Avenida de Andalucía, nº 10-12, 29007 
Málaga, Spain.

--- Page 179 ---
3037885528 
179 
The table below sets forth the names of those members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer with activities 
performed outside the Group that are significant with respect to the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
Director 
Company 
Position 
Mr. José Sevilla Álvarez 
Aeral Bank AG 
Independent Director and 
Member of the Board 
Solea Power Corporation 
Director 
Mr. Isidro Rubiales Gil 
Caja de Seguros Reunidos 
Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, 
S.A. (CASER) 
Board Representative 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Grupo Proeduca Altus 
Technology Director 
Ms. Natalia Sánchez Romero  
Confederación de Empresarios de 
Málaga (CEM) 
Executive Vice-President 
and Secretary-General 
Confederación de Empresarios de 
Andalucía (CEA) 
Member of the Executive 
Committee (Accountant) 
and of the Board 
Confederación Española de la 
Pequeña y Mediana Empresa 
(CEPYME) 
Member of the Board and 
General Assembly 
Confederación Española de 
Organizaciones Empresariales 
(CEOE) 
Member of the Board and 
General Assembly, 
representing CEM, 
CEPYME and ATA  
Cámara de Comercio de Málaga 
Member of the Executive 
Committee and of the  
Plenary 
Consejo Andaluz de Cámaras 
Member of the Plenary 
Autoridad Portuaria de Málaga 
Director representing 
Business Organizations 
Consejo Social de la Universidad 
Málaga 
Member representing 
Business Organizations 
Consejo Económico y Social de 
Andalucía (CES Andalucía) 
Member 
Consejo Social de la Ciudad de 
Málaga 
Member 
Fundación CEM-Cultural Economía 
y Medio Ambiente 
Trustee (Patrono) and 
Secretary 
Fundación CSEA, de la 
Confederación de Empresarios de 
Andalucía 
Trustee (Patrono) 
Fundación MADECA 
Secretary/member of the 
Executive Committee

--- Page 180 ---
3037885528 
180 
Director 
Company 
Position 
(natural person 
representing CEM) 
Asociación CIFAL 
Member of the Board 
Fundación CIEDES 
Member of the Executive 
Committee 
Ms. Rocío Fernández Funcia 
Avanza Previsión, Compañía de 
Seguros, S.A. 
Director 
Compañía Española de Financiación 
del Desarrollo Cofides, S.A. SME 
Director 
Cotton Inversiones, S.L. 
Sole Administrator 
Ms. Nuria Aliño Pérez 
Soltec Power Holdings, S.A. 
Director 
Credicorp LTD 
Director 
Mr. Antonio Carrascosa Morales 
Fundación Cajas de Ahorros 
Member of the Consulting 
Board 
Ms. Inés Guzmán Arrue 
Sugaval, S.L. 
Director 
Mr. Rafael Domínguez de la Maza 
Global Portfolio Investments, S.L. 
Sole Director 
Wilmington Capital, S.L. 
Sole Director 
Indumenta Pueri, S.L. 
Executive Director 
Mayoral Moda Infantil, S.A. 
General Deputy Director 
Rafanachi, S. L. 
Sole Director 
Prosperitas Capital, S. L. 
Sole Director 
Ms. Carolina Martínez Caro 
Asociación Española Contra el 
Cáncer  
Director  
Fundación Iter 
Trustee (Patrono) 
H2PLT, S.A. 
Director 
Financialreg 360, S.L. 
Member of the Consulting 
Board 
Forbes Global Properties 
Senior Advisor 
LH Paragon INC 
Advisor 
Mr. José Ramón Sánchez Serrano 
Eudita CYE Auditores, S. A. 
Joint and Several Director 
SYP Economistas Abogados y 
Auditores, S. L. P. 
Joint Director 
Espinosa y Sánchez, Consultores y 
Economistas, S. L. P. 
Joint and Several Director 
Eudita GCM Auditores y 
Consultores, S. L. 
Joint and Several Director

--- Page 181 ---
3037885528 
181 
Director 
Company 
Position 
Eudita Agrupación Europea de 
Auditores, A. I. E. 
Member of the General 
Board representing Eudita 
CYE Auditores, S. A. 
 
Board Committees  
In compliance with the bylaws of the Issuer and the Regulations of the Board of Directors, the Board of 
Directors has four support committees (jointly referred to as the “Support Committees”): an appointments 
committee (the “Appointments Committee”), a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”), 
a risk committee (the “Risk Committee”), an audit and regulatory compliance committee (the “Audit and 
Regulatory Compliance Committee”), a digital transformation, innovation and technology committee (the 
“Digital Transformation, Innovation and Technology Committee”) and a sustainability committee (the 
“Sustainability Committee”). The Support Committees are governed by the bylaws of the Issuer and the 
Regulations of the Board of Directors, to which they conform.  
Appointments Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to report and propose on the appointment and removal of the directors 
and senior managers. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Appointments Committee are 
as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. Rocío Fernandez Funcia 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. José Ramón Sánchez Serrano 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Remuneration Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to report and make proposals on the remuneration policy. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. Carolina Martínez Caro 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Mr. Antonio Carrascosa Morales 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. Juan Antonio Izaguirre Ventosa  
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Risk Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is risk management. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the members 
of the Risk Committee are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Mr. Antonio Carrascosa Morales 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. Nuria Aliño Pérez 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. Juan Antonio Izaguirre Ventosa 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary

--- Page 182 ---
3037885528 
182 
Audit and Regulatory Compliance Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its task of oversight by reviewing 
periodically the process of drawing up financial documentation, the internal audit role and the independent 
nature of the external auditor. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit and Regulatory 
Compliance Committee are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. Rocío Fernández Funcia 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. Carolina Martínez Caro 
Member 
Independent 
Ms. María Luisa Arjonilla López 
Member 
Independent 
Mr. José Ramón Sánchez Serrano 
Member 
Proprietary 
Mr. Rafael Domínguez de la Maza 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Digital Transformation, Innovation and Technology Committee 
The primary purpose of this committee is to assist the Board of Directors on decisions regarding technology, 
information management, and telecommunications, ensuring the optimization and security of data and systems, 
while monitoring the Bank's technological transformation and innovation. Additionally, the committee supports 
risk management, particularly in technological risks and cybersecurity. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the members of the Digital Transformation, Innovation and Technology Committee are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. Inés Guzmán Arrue 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. Carolina Martínez Caro 
Member 
Independent 
Ms. Nuria Aliño Pérez 
Secretary (Member) 
Independent 
Sustainability Committee 
The primary purpose of this Committee is to oversee the Bank's adherence to its sustainability strategy and 
policies, evaluate sustainability reporting, guide the Board on sustainability decisions, and coordinate with other 
committees to ensure compliance and risk management in this area. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
members of the Sustainability Committee are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Type of directorship 
Ms. Nuria Aliño Pérez 
Chairperson 
Independent 
Ms. Inés Guzmán Arrue 
Member 
Independent 
Ms. Natalia Sánchez Romero 
Secretary (Member) 
Proprietary 
Senior Management  
The following table lists the members of the senior management of the Issuer as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
Name 
Position 
Reporting directly to the Chairperson 
Jesús Navarro Martín 
Internal Audit (General Manager)

--- Page 183 ---
3037885528 
183 
Name 
Position 
Reporting directly to the Chairperson 
Cédric Blanchetière 
Risk Control and Relationship with Supervisors (General 
Manager) 
Vicente Orti Gisbert 
Secretariat General of Governing Bodies  (General Manager) 
Reporting directly to the Executive Director 
Jesús Ruano Mochales 
Business Banking (General Manager) 
Pablo González Martín 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) (General Manager) 
Manuel Guerrero Werner 
Chief of Staff of the CEO and Strategy 
Francisco Javier Pérez Gavilán 
Credit Risk and ESG (General Manager) 
Rocío Ayala Blanca 
Legal Director 
Rosario Aracena Jiménez 
Non-Core and Real Estate (General Manager) 
Jose María de la Vega Carnicero 
People and Media (General Manager)  
Luis Colorado Ruiz38 
Retail Banking (General Manager) 
Agustín Lomba Sorrondegui 
Strategic Planning and Budgeting (General Manager) 
Severino J. Méndez Suárez 
Transformation (General Manager) 
There are no members of the senior management of the Issuer with activities performed outside the Group that 
are significant with respect to the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The business address of each member of the senior management of the Issuer mentioned above is Avenida de 
Andalucía, nº 10-12, 29007 Málaga, Spain. 
Conflicts of interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed to the Issuer 
by the members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer or members of its senior management and their respective 
private interests and other duties.  
In addition to the measures provided for under applicable regulations, the Issuer has adopted the following 
measures to avoid conflicts of interest: 
(i) 
The Internal Code of Conduct on the Securities Market of the Issuer includes the general policy for the 
prevention and management of conflicts of interest which could arise between the clients of the Issuer, 
and between the clients and the Issuer itself. 
(ii) 
The Policy for the identification and management of conflicts of interest and related-party transactions 
is applicable to the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management.  
(iii) 
The analysis of potential conflicts of interest is included in the respective suitability evaluations of the 
members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management. 
(iv) 
The Regulations of the Board of Directors develop the measures provided for under applicable 
regulations in connection with conflicts of interest and the policy on identification and management of 
 
38  This appointment will become effective upon obtaining the “fit and proper” verification (verificación de idoneidad) and the corresponding 
relevant regulatory authorizations.

--- Page 184 ---
3037885528 
184 
conflicts of interest and related transactions of directors, significant shareholders and senior managers 
of the Issuer and the Fundación Bancaria Unicaja’s Protocol implements the relevant provisions of the 
Regulations of the Board of Directors and, therefore, complements what is set out in the Internal Code 
of Conduct on the Securities Market. 
Organizational structure  
The Issuer is the parent company of a consolidated group of credit institutions comprising, as of 31 December 
2023, 56 subsidiaries, 7 joint ventures and 52 associated companies, pursuant to Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, 
as amended.  
The following structure chart summarizes the subsidiaries of the Group as of 31 December 2023:

--- Page 185 ---
3037885528 
185 
Capital structure 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €663,708,369.75, represented 
by 2,654,833,479 shares, with a par value of €0.25 each, all of the same class and series, fully subscribed to and 
paid in. The shares of the Issuer are listed on the Spanish Stock Exchanges.  
Significant shareholders  
The following table shows the significant shareholders of the Issuer, as reported to the CNMV in accordance 
with the information displayed on its website, as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
 
 
No. of direct 
shares 
 
No. of indirect 
shares 
 
No. of shares 
through 
financial 
instruments  
% of total 
share 
capital 
 
Unicaja Banking Foundation ................... 
802,707,000 
30.236%
Fundación Bancaria Caja de Ahorros de 
Asturias ................................................... 
174,155,704 
6.560%
Indumenta Pueri, S.L.(1) ............................ 
 
132,741,673
5.000%
Tomás Olivo López(2) ................................. 
3,697,835 
133,767,362
5.178%
Norges Bank ............................................... 
197,614,646 
736,926
7.472%
Santa Lucía S.A Cía. de Seguros .............. 
133,549,417 
3,933,939
5.179%
Total ........................................................... 
1,311,724,602 
270,442,974
736,926
59.623%
Source: Communications made to the CNMV (website of the CNMV as of the date of this Base Prospectus).  
Notes:  
(1) 
Held through Global Portfolio Investments, S.L. 
(2) 
Indirect position held through Desarrollos la Coronela, S.L. 
(3) 
Indirect position held through Santa Lucía Asset Management, SGIIC, S.A. and Unicorp Vida, Compañía de 
Seguros y Reaseguros S.A. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Unicaja Banking Foundation owns directly 30.236% of the share 
capital in Unicaja Banco, treasury shares amounted to 0.09% of the share capital of the Bank and there is a free 
float of approximately 40.3%.  
In order to avoid the potential conflict of interests between Unicaja Banco and the majority shareholder, the 
governing body (Patronato) of the Unicaja Banking Foundation approved the Unicaja Banking Foundation’s 
Protocol in accordance with the provisions of Law 26/2013, of 27 December, on savings banks and banking 
foundations (Ley 26/2013, de 27 de diciembre, de Cajas de Ahorros y Fundaciones Bancarias) on 27 April 
2023. The Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol was approved by the Bank of Spain and it is available at the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.unicajabanco.com)
39 
and 
at 
Unicaja 
Banking 
Foundation’s 
website 
(www.fundacionunicaja.com)40.  
The Unicaja Banking Foundation’s Protocol establishes the procedures to avoid potential conflicts of interests 
as a result of the majority stake held by the Unicaja Banking Foundation in the share capital of Unicaja Banco 
and the criteria to appoint the members of the Board of Directors of Unicaja Banco. 
 
39 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.    
40 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 186 ---
3037885528 
186 
In addition, the Issuer and the Unicaja Banking Foundation entered into a relationship internal protocol 
(Protocolo Interno de Relaciones) (the “Relationship Protocol”) on 1 December 2016.  
In accordance with the Relationship Protocol, the intra-group services shall be provided transparently, in market 
conditions, meeting the criteria for an economic and efficient management and under the principles of 
confidentiality. The delivery of services other than those regulated by the Relationship Protocol shall be agreed 
in writing establishing at least the subject matter, the price and the term. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any arrangement which may result in a change 
of control in the Issuer. 
Credit rating 
The following table contains the credit ratings that the Issuer has currently assigned for the long and short term 
by the credit rating agencies Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A.U. 
Rating agency(1) 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Outlook 
Latest date of 
review of rating  
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited(2) 
BBB-
F3
Positive
13 May 2024
Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A.U.(2) 
Baa2(3)
Prime-2
Stable
4 April 2024
Notes: 
 
(1) 
The details of the rating scales used and their meaning is found on the websites of each of the credit rating agencies 
(Fitch: link and Moody’s: link). The information contained in these websites is not part of the Base Prospectus and 
has not been examined or approved by the CNMV. 
(2) 
Registered with ESMA in accordance with the provisions of CRA Regulation. 
(3) 
Long-term Deposits 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group has been and is involved in disputes and litigation related to the business. In particular, the Group is 
currently subject to the following legal proceedings, among others: 
Clauses which set a minimum interest rate for mortgages 
The Group has included clauses which limit the downward variation of the interest rates applicable to the 
Group’s variable interest mortgage-backed loan agreements (known as “floor clauses”), which set a minimum 
interest rate payable by borrowers to the lenders, regardless of the applicable benchmark rate. Currently, the 
Group does not include floor clauses in its mortgage agreements. However, borrowers have challenged the 
validity of such clauses in recent years on various grounds. EU and Spanish courts have rendered various 
judgments, directed both at specific financial institutions (including the Group) and the financial sector in 
general, declaring certain clauses that set minimum interest rates to be invalid based on the lack of transparency 
at the time such mortgages were sold to customers or other reasons, which may materially affect the Group. 
Unicaja Banco is taking different judicial and extra judicial actions based on negotiations with customers who 
are filing claims in relation to these clauses and, therefore, the impact of such judicial actions has been reduced. 
In fact, the number of lawsuits notified on this matter has been progressively decreasing in recent years and, as 
a result, 20% fewer claims were received in the year 2023 than in the year 2022 (15% fewer claims in 2022 as 
compared to 2021).  
On 20 January 2017, the Spanish Government approved Royal Decree Law 1/2017 (“RDL 1/2017”), which 
encourages out-of-court settlements between financial institutions and those borrowers affected by such clauses, 
and aims to avoid overloading the Spanish Courts with these claims by establishing measures that incentivize

--- Page 187 ---
3037885528 
187 
a negotiation with the borrowers without going to court. However, although financial institutions are obliged to 
contact affected customers, letting them know of the existence of the relevant clauses in their documentation, 
there is no obligation for the parties to reach an agreement, in which case the borrowers are still able to file 
legal claims against the financial institutions. The Group has implemented the procedures set out in the RDL 
1/2017 by creating a specific unit as part of its Customer Service Care (Departamento de Atención al Cliente) 
to inform affected borrowers of the existence of these procedures, address any claims that may be brought by 
them and, if appropriate, negotiate with them on a case-by-case basis. As well as judicial procedures, the claims 
filed in accordance with RDL 1/2017 have decreased noticeably. There were approximately 15.3% less claims 
during 2023 than in 2022.  
Notwithstanding the above, new legal claims have been filed in Spain concerning the validity of the settlement 
agreements on floor clauses that many financial institutions (including Unicaja Banco) have reached with their 
clients. In this regard, the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) issued a decision on 9 July 2020 
on Case C452/18 which analysed whether a settlement or the amendment agreement executed by and between 
a professional and a consumer regarding floor clauses and the waiver to bring legal actions contained in such 
agreements were valid. According to the CJEU: 
(a) 
The consumer may enter into an agreement with the lender that confirms the validity of the floor 
clause and by which he/she waives legal actions regarding such clause provided that, at the time of 
the waiver, the consumer was aware of the non-binding nature of that clause and the consequences 
it entails; 
(b) 
The national courts will need to determine, on a case-by-case basis, if there has been a real 
negotiation between the relevant lender and the consumer. Indications by the consumer, in his/her 
own handwriting, that he/she understood the mechanism of the floor clause does not in itself lead 
to the conclusion that this clause was individually negotiated and that the consumer was able to 
influence its content; and 
(c) 
The national courts will need to examine whether or not the consumer could understand the 
financial consequences of the agreement entered into with the lender. For the purposes of 
transparency, the pre-contractual information should include information on the past development 
of the index so that the consumer is aware, through past fluctuations, of the eventuality that he/she 
cannot benefit from lower rates due to the amended floor clause. The consumer may validly waive 
the right to have the original floor clause declared unfair, provided that this waiver is made by the 
consumer with free and informed consent. However, the consumer cannot validly waive future legal 
actions regarding the amended floor clause in respect of disputes which may arise in the future. 
As a result of this decision of the CJEU, Spanish courts have issued opinions that validate the approach followed 
by the CJEU with respect to the economic effects of the settlement agreement, while in some instances have 
questioned its validity.  
As of 31 December 2023, the provisions considered necessary to cover potential asset impairments and deal 
with the risks and contingencies that may impact the Group were in place. In this regard, the Group has 
recognised an accounting provision of €106 million (€114 million as of 31 December 2022). 
IRPH potential litigation  
A preliminary ruling was filed before the CJEU which challenges the validity, due to alleged lack of 
transparency, of mortgage loan agreements signed with customers subject to the IRPH. This claim was made 
after the ruling of the Spanish Supreme Court in December 2017, which confirmed that it was not possible to 
determine the lack of transparency in the interest rate because of its reference to one or another official index, 
and therefore its unfairness.

--- Page 188 ---
3037885528 
188 
The legal matter under debate is, among others, whether the transparency test based on Council Directive 
93/13/EEC of 5 April 1993 on unfair terms in consumer contracts (“Directive 93/13/EEC”) is complied with 
when the borrower is a consumer.  
Based on the existence of the judgment of the Supreme Court dated 14 December 2017, the fact that the IRPH 
is an official benchmark rate published and managed by the Bank of Spain, the existence of case law 
(jurisprudencia) of the CJEU which confirms the transparency of contracts referenced to other official 
benchmark rates, and the existence of an annual percentage rate (or APR, “T.A.E.” in Spain) indicator, which 
must be mandatorily informed to consumers, and which allows for the comprehension of the economic burden 
and the comparison of different mortgage offers (whatever the benchmark rate index applied is), the Bank 
considers that compliance with the transparency test under Directive 93/13/EEC should not be questioned. 
On 10 September 2019, the Advocate General issued its opinion in relation to this matter (the “Advocate 
General’s Opinion”), according to which (i) Directive 93/13/EEC is applicable to the matter of reference and 
(ii) the national judge should be the competent authority to monitor the transparency of the disputed clause and 
verify whether the contract sets out the method of calculating the interest rate transparently and whether this 
contract meets all the information requirements envisaged in the national regulations. 
The Advocate General’s Opinion does not consider the IRPH or the clause which incorporates it in the relevant 
loan agreements to be, per se, abusive or null. 
On 3 March 2020, the CJEU issued a ruling confirming the Advocate General’s Opinion in connection with this 
case (Case C-125/18) regarding the transparency and unfairness of a clause governing a floating interest rate 
indexed to IRPH included in a mortgage loan agreement granted to a consumer. The CJEU concluded that IRPH 
index floating interest clauses cannot be considered abusive per se but they fall under the transparency control 
requirements set out in Directive 93/13/EEC. As a consequence, Spanish courts will carry out this control in 
order to determine if the relevant clause included in the agreement lacks transparency and if, in addition, is 
ultimately unfair and consequently void. That control has to be made on a case-by-case basis, taking into 
account the circumstances at the time when the relevant mortgage loan was granted. 
Spanish courts of first instance have generally ruled in favour of consumers applying the CJEU decision and 
have declared that IRPH clauses are (in the relevant cases examined), null and void, substituting it for 
EURIBOR (which is currently lower) and, in certain decisions, have ordered the delivery of the excess (i.e., the 
difference between the interest charged at IRPH and the interest that would have been payable should the 
EURIBOR have applied since inception) to the debtors. Some provincial courts (“Provincial Audiences”) have 
also ruled against the credit entity, but rather than applying EURIBOR they have applied the index named 
“IRPH Entidades” (e.g. Valencia Provincial Audience’s ruling dated 1 June 2020 or Tarragona Provincial 
Audience’s ruling dated 11 March 2020). However, other Provincial Audiences such as the Barcelona Provincial 
Audience (Section 15th), based on the abovementioned Spanish Supreme Court ruling (dated 14 December 
2017), have ruled in favour of credit entities regarding clauses which referred the IRPH index but were found 
to be transparent to the extent that an average consumer would have easy access to the evolution of the different 
indexes, either through the information disseminated by the Bank of Spain (Banco de España), or through the 
monthly publication of these indexes in the Spanish Official Gazette (BOE), even in those cases where there is 
no proof of the delivery of the brochure (Barcelona Provincial Audience decision of 24 April 2020). 
Notwithstanding the above, four Spanish Supreme Court rulings regarding references to the IRPH index which 
were made public on 13 November 2020 (numbered 595/2020, 596/2020, 597/2020 and 598/2020) have 
favoured the banks. Although it declared that the IRPH clauses could be classified as lacking transparency on 
the grounds that the mortgagor was not informed of the performance of the IRPH index in the two years prior 
to taking out the loan, the Supreme Court confirmed that such clauses are to be deemed non-abusive for the 
following reasons: (i) IRPH clauses are not able to be easily rigged in favour of the lender (in fact, IRPH is

--- Page 189 ---
3037885528 
189 
controlled by the public administration, whereas EURIBOR is calculated by a private entity), (ii) a significant 
imbalance to the consumer’s detriment cannot be derived from the mere evolution of the index during the 
duration of the loan, even if unfavourable to the consumer, and (iii) the use of an official index does not 
contravene the good faith principle.  
On 17 November 2021, the CJEU issued its preliminary ruling on the questions referred to it by the First 
Instance Court No. 38 of Barcelona, which aimed to challenge the Spanish Supreme Court rulings on the matter. 
However, the CJEU confirmed the Spanish Supreme Court’s approach and concluded that lenders are not 
required to include a full definition of the reference index used to calculate a variable interest rate nor to provide 
the consumer with information on the past performance of such index; provided that, based on the publicly 
available information and the information provided by lenders, an average consumer reasonably well informed 
could assess the potentially significant economic consequences thereof. Additionally, the CJEU confirmed that 
the lack of transparency of this clause does not necessarily imply its unfairness, which shall be determined on 
a case-by-case basis at national level.  
Finally, on 28 January 2022, the Spanish Supreme Court issued three more rulings regarding the nullity of the 
IRPH clause in mortgage loan agreements applying the latest criteria of the CJEU, which reiterated that the 
IRPH was not an abusive index. Additionally, they clarified that it was not necessary that the lender delivers to 
the consumer a previous brochure that collects information on the previous evolution of the index. 
Thus, following the rulings by the Spanish Supreme Court and the CJEU described above and subsequent 
decisions of the Spanish Supreme Court and other Spanish courts which confirms the merits of these rulings, 
as of 31 December 2023 the Group does not expect contingencies and does not have material provisions related 
to this matter as the number of claims filed against the Group during the year 2023 is not material and most of 
them are expected to be dismissed. 
Revolving cards 
On 4 March 2020, the Spanish Supreme Court issued a judgment dismissing a bank’s appeal (recurso de 
casación) against a ruling that had declared a revolving credit agreement void due to usurious interest. As a 
result of this ruling, there was an increase in the number claims filed against Unicaja Banco claiming the nullity 
of the revolving credit agreement and the return of the interest paid.  
However, the Spanish Supreme Court’s case law has evolved in the recent years to define which type of interest 
rates may be considered usurious (in a recent Spanish Supreme Court ruling, 6 b.p. over the market interest 
rates) and therefore, after analysing this case law, as of 31 December 2023 and as of 31 December 2022, the 
Group does not expect contingencies and does not have material provisions related to claims regarding this 
matter. 
Claims in relation to the expenses relating to the formalization of mortgages  
Certain rulings enacted by the Spanish Supreme Court in 2015 and 2017 considered unfair certain clauses which 
entirely allocated to the consumer certain expenses in connection with the granting and registration of the 
mortgage deeds (including notarial, registration fees and appraisal and management expenses, mainly), taxes 
derived from the granting of the mortgage deeds and/or any costs and expenses related to the recovery of any 
due amount under the mortgage loans (including those derived from the foreclosure of the mortgages). 
While courts have consistently considered that clauses establishing that all costs shall be borne by the consumer 
were unfair (and, on such basis, borrowers started to claim reimbursement from the banks of certain costs linked 
to the granting of the mortgage loans such as the notarial, Land Registry and agency fees), there has been some 
debate regarding taxes associated to mortgage loans (i.e., stamp duty). 
In this regard, the Spanish Supreme Court rendered several decisions establishing that the clause which provided 
that those taxes were to be borne by the borrower should not be deemed as an unfair clause per se.

--- Page 190 ---
3037885528 
190 
However, on 10 October 2018 the Spanish Supreme Court issued a ruling (i) establishing that the lenders (and 
not the borrowers) would be liable for the payment of those taxes, and (ii) declaring article 68.2 of the Stamp 
Duty Regulation (passed by Royal Decree 828/1995, of 25 May), which expressly established that the borrower 
was liable to pay stamp duty), null and void because it was contrary to that new interpretation. 
But on 9 November 2018 the Spanish Supreme Court changed such criterion and resolved that borrowers were 
liable to pay the stamp duty. Immediately afterwards, the Spanish Government clarified the legislative 
framework and enacted Royal Decree-Law 17/2018, which provided that the lender must be the taxpayer. 
On 23 January 2019, the Spanish Supreme Court issued four rulings confirming that consumers would have to 
be reimbursed by lenders the notarial, Land registry and agency fees, but not the stamp duty. Notwithstanding 
this, this ruling does not apply to mortgage loans entered into after the entry into force of Royal Decree-Law 
17/2018 (i.e., 10 November 2018). The Spanish Supreme Court has also confirmed that, while notarial fees and 
agency fees have to be shared between the lender and the borrower (i.e., the lender should only reimburse 50% 
thereof), registry fees, property appraisal costs and management costs for the registration of the mortgage have 
to be paid in full by the lender (i.e., it should reimburse 100% of these fees). 
Additionally, the Real Estate Credit Contract Law regulates costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
origination of mortgage loans. The Real Estate Credit Contract Law applies to loans secured with mortgages 
over residential real estate properties, which are originated, amended or subrogated after 16 June 2019 (the date 
of entry into force of the Law). According to the Real Estate Credit Contract Law (i) valuation costs are to be 
paid by the borrower, (ii) agency fees by the lender, (iii) notarial costs relating to the loan deed by the lender, 
(iv) registration costs by the lender, and (v) stamp duty costs by the taxpayer (i.e., the lender). 
Notwithstanding the above, before the Real Estate Credit Contract Law was passed, there was no legal provision 
regulating management costs. The Spanish Supreme Court ruling 555/2020, of 26 October 2020, followed the 
CJEU’s ruling of 16 July 2020 stating that, if the specific clause regulating management costs is declared to be 
unfair, in the absence of any supplementary legal regime, those costs cannot be borne by the borrower and must 
be paid in full by the lender. This Supreme Court ruling has established that “in the absence of a national rule 
which applies in case there is a lack of an agreement negotiated among the parties imposing on the borrower 
the payment of all or part of those expenses, the borrower could not be denied the return of the amounts paid 
under the clause that has been declared unfair”. The Spanish Supreme Court ruling 61/2021, of 27 January 
2021, has confirmed the aforementioned position. However, the novelty of this ruling is that it applies the above 
conclusion to the appraisal costs (but only when the Real Estate Credit Contract Law is not applicable, because 
if it does apply, article 14.1.e) of the above regulation will allocate appraisal costs to the borrower). 
Unicaja Banco, as the rest of the credit entities in the Spanish sector, experienced in the past an increase in the 
litigation related to this matter. However, as of the first quarter of 2022 onwards, the number of claims has been 
reduced and is expected to continue reducing , beyond specific upticks in litigation in the matter, such as the 
one that has taken place in recent months. In any case, this projected downtick in litigation will be conditioned 
by the resolution that the Spanish Supreme Court is expected to issue in the coming months (following those 
issued by the CJEU) regarding the possible prescription of this type of claims.  
Unicaja Banco has recognized provisions covering obligations that may arise from such ongoing legal 
proceedings, totaling €29.8 million as of 31 December 2023 (€22.1 million as of 31 December 2022).  
Law 57/1968, of 27 July, on the collection of advance amounts in the construction and sale of housing  
Although Law 57/1968 was repealed by Law 38/1999, of 5 November, on building construction (Ley 38/1999, 
de 5 de noviembre, de ordenación de la edificación), it is still applicable to all purchases of housing made until 
1 January 2016. This law set forth the express obligation for property developers to pay the amounts received 
from home buyers into a special account on account of the acquisition of housing under construction, as well 
as to grant in favor of such buyers a guarantee for the repayment of such amounts. The judgment of the Spanish

--- Page 191 ---
3037885528 
191 
Supreme Court dated 21 December 2015 extended the responsibility for repayment of such amounts to the 
financing credit institutions, and for the amounts paid by the home buyers, irrespective of whether or not it had 
issued a guarantee that such amounts would be repaid and for those homes where construction was not 
completed. 
This law has led to some claims against credit institutions for the amounts delivered by individuals to developers 
on account of the purchase of housing, when said payments had been channeled through a credit institution. 
However, in recent years, there has been a continuous reduction in the number of claims related to this matter 
and therefore it is expected that these disputes will disappear in the short-term.  
As of 31 December 2023, the estimate of the maximum amount claimed in outstanding legal proceedings was 
€13.5 million (€21.3 million as of 31 December 2022).  
Overview of financial information 
Financial information as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022  
The sections below contain financial information of the Group extracted from the 2023 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts. Unicaja Banco publishes its standalone and consolidated annual accounts.  
The table below includes the consolidated balance sheets of the Group as of 31 December 2023 and 2022. The 
Group has applied IFRS 17 since 1 January 2023, replacing IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” as the accounting 
standard applicable to the recognition, measurement, and presentation of contracts that transfer significant 
insurance risk. Accordingly, certain financial information contained in the consolidated balance sheet as of the 
year ended 31 December 2022 has been re-expressed to make it comparable with the financial information as 
of the year ended 31 December 2023: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
ASSETS 
 
Cash, cash balances in central banks and other demand deposits ............... 
8,040,032 
4,661,826
Financial assets held for trading ..................................................................... 
809,430 
61,159
Derivatives ....................................................................................................... 
51,777 
46,568
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
8,581 
14,591
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
749,072 
-
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
- 
-
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
84,569 
-
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss ..................................................................................................................... 
108,562 
146,549
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
41 
41
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
35,265 
33,522
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
73,256 
112,986
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
73,256 
112,986
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
- 
485
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss ................... 
- 
-
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
- 
-
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-

--- Page 192 ---
3037885528 
192 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
- 
-
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
- 
-
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ............................................................................................................... 
1,501,554 
1,007,806
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
346,719 
357,977
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
1,154,835 
649,829
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
- 
-
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
175,527 
31,030
Financial assets carried at amortized cost ..................................................... 
77,451,855 
82,183,048
Equity instruments ........................................................................................... 
- 
-
Debt securities .................................................................................................. 
25,098,802 
26,867,077
Loans and advances ......................................................................................... 
52,353,053 
55,315,971
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
2,291,379 
989,977
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
50,061,674 
54,325,994
Memorandum item: Lent or provided as collateral (sell or pledge) ................ 
12,762,556 
10,774,603
Derivatives - hedge accounting ....................................................................... 
1,222,395 
1,812,887
Change in fair value of securities held in a portfolio hedged against 
interest rate risk ............................................................................................... 
(63,020) 
(237,836)
Investments in joint ventures and associates companies .............................. 
940,102 
964,715
Joint ventures ................................................................................................... 
25,811 
64,765
Associates ........................................................................................................ 
914,291 
899,950
Assets under insurance or reinsurance contracts .......................................... 
1,882 
1,472
Tangible assets.................................................................................................. 
1,766,326 
1,995,541
Fixed tangible assets ........................................................................................ 
1,227,166 
1,286,647
For own use .................................................................................................. 
1,227,166 
1,286,647
Lent under an operating lease agreement ..................................................... 
- 
-
Investment property ......................................................................................... 
539,160 
708,894
Of which: lent under operating lease ............................................................... 
413,331 
548,011
Memorandum item: acquired under a finance lease ........................................ 
49,562 
65,312
Intangible assets ............................................................................................... 
84,826 
74,750
Goodwill .......................................................................................................... 
25,995 
32,164
Other intangible assets ..................................................................................... 
58,831 
42,586
Tax assets .......................................................................................................... 
4,719,580 
5,076,283
Current tax assets ............................................................................................. 
171,494 
459,300
Deferred tax assets ........................................................................................... 
4,548,086 
4,616,983
Other assets ...................................................................................................... 
235,231 
662,362
Insurance contracts linked to pensions ............................................................. 
21,509 
23,167
Inventories ....................................................................................................... 
38,524 
129,212 
All other assets ................................................................................................. 
175,198 
509,983
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale ................................... 
333,895 
558,422
TOTAL ASSETS.............................................................................................. 
97,152,650 
98,968,984
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ............................................................... 
462,839 
53,305
Derivatives ....................................................................................................... 
51,003 
53,305  
Short positions ................................................................................................. 
411,836 
-

--- Page 193 ---
3037885528 
193 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
Deposits ........................................................................................................... 
- 
-
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Customers..................................................................................................... 
- 
-
Issued debt securities ....................................................................................... 
- 
-
Other financial liabilities .................................................................................. 
- 
-
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ............. 
- 
-
Deposits ............................................................................................................. 
- 
-
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
- 
-
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Customers..................................................................................................... 
- 
-
Issued debt securities ......................................................................................... 
- 
-
Other financial liabilities .................................................................................... 
- 
-
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities ...................................................... 
 
Financial liabilities carried at amortized cost ................................................ 
86,556,316 
88,932,761
Deposits ........................................................................................................... 
80,201,660 
83,125,324
Central banks ................................................................................................ 
953,971 
5,320,889
Credit institutions ......................................................................................... 
5,772,643 
3,417,963
Customers ..................................................................................................... 
73,475,046 
74,386,472
Issued debt securities ....................................................................................... 
4,239,232 
3,329,354
Other financial liabilities .................................................................................. 
2,115,424 
2,478,083
Memorandum item: subordinated liabilities .................................................... 
571,672 
547,951
Derivatives - hedge accounting ....................................................................... 
1,148,038 
1,081,824
Change in fair value of securities held in a portfolio hedged 
against interest rate risk .................................................................................. 
- 
-
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts ................................. 
441,377 
468,461
Provisions.......................................................................................................... 
957,053 
1,085,330
Pensions and related post-employment defined benefits .................................. 
91,258 
127,539
Other long-term employee benefits .................................................................. 
91,568 
132,696
Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies........................................... 
- 
-
Commitments and guarantees given ................................................................ 
116,596 
125,615
All other provisions .......................................................................................... 
657,631 
699,480
Tax liabilities .................................................................................................... 
413,961 
364,480
Current tax liabilities ........................................................................................ 
40,978 
36,513
Deferred tax liabilities ...................................................................................... 
372,983 
327,967
Other liabilities ................................................................................................. 
527,009 
523,769
Of which: Welfare fund (savings banks and credit unions).............................. 
- 
-
Liabilities in disposal groups classified as held for sale ................................ 
- 
-
TOTAL LIABILITIES .................................................................................... 
90,506,593 
92,509,930
 
 
EQUITY 
 
Own funds......................................................................................................... 
6,522,817 
6,465,182
Capital ............................................................................................................... 
663,708 
663,708
Paid-in capital .................................................................................................. 
663,708 
663,708
Called-up capital .............................................................................................. 
- 
-
Memorandum entry (p.m.): uncalled capital) .................................................. 
- 
-
Share premium ................................................................................................. 
1,209,423 
1,209,423
Equity instruments issued other than capital ................................................ 
547,360 
547,385
Equity component of compound financial instruments .................................... 
547,360 
547,385
Other equity instruments issued ....................................................................... 
- 
-
Other equity items ........................................................................................... 
- 
-

--- Page 194 ---
3037885528 
194 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
 
Retained earnings ............................................................................................ 
3,800,210 
3,790,062
Revaluation reserves ........................................................................................ 
- 
-
Other reserves .................................................................................................. 
38,181 
(22,737)
Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint and associates ........... 
(88,784) 
(188,753)
Other ................................................................................................................ 
126,965 
166,016
(-) Treasury shares ........................................................................................... 
(2,768) 
(235)
Net income/loss attributable to the parent company .................................... 
266,703 
277,576
(-) Interim dividends ........................................................................................ 
- 
-
Accumulated other comprehensive income ................................................... 
120,809 
(6,573)
Items not subject to reclassification to income statement ............................. 
39,960 
255
Actuarial gain or (-) loss in benefit pension scheme ........................................ 
(4,140) 
(1.684)
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held-for-sale .................. 
- 
-
Share of other recognised income revenues and expense of investments in 
joint ventures & associates ............................................................................... 
861 
16,060
Change in fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ........................................................................... 
43,239 
(14,121)
Ineffectiveness of fair value hedges of equity instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income ..................................................... 
- 
-
Change in fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (hedged item) ................................................. 
- 
-
Change in fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (hedging instrument) ..................................... 
- 
-
Change in fair value of financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss attributable to changes in its credit risk ...................................... 
- 
-
Items subject to reclassification to income statement ................................... 
80,849 
(6,828)
Hedging of net investments abroad (effective portion) .................................... 
- 
-
Foreign currency translation ............................................................................ 
(21)
(105)
Hedging derivatives. Reserve of cash flow hedges (effective portion) ............ 
(10,491) 
(98,702)
Change in fair value of debt instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ........................................................................... 
(33,006)
(53,364)
Hedging instruments (non-designated items) ................................................... 
- 
-
Financial income and expenses from insurance contracts ................................ 
59,452 
77,902
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held-for-sale .................. 
- 
-
Recognised revenues and expenses from joint-ventures & associates 
companies ........................................................................................................ 
64,915 
67,441
Non-controlling interest (from minority stakes)............................................ 
2,431 
445
Other accumulated comprehensive income ...................................................... 
- 
-
Other items ....................................................................................................... 
2,431 
445
TOTAL EQUITY ............................................................................................. 
6,646,057 
6,459,054
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY .......................................................... 
97,152,650 
98,968,984
Memorandum item: off-balance sheet exposure ........................................... 
 
Loan commitments given ................................................................................. 
4,601,960 
4,241,881
Financial guarantees given ............................................................................... 
71,682 
59,137
Other commitments given ................................................................................ 
2,766,020 
4,717,927
Note: 
 
(1) 
These figures are shown solely and exclusively for comparative purposes (see Note 1.5 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements as of the year 2023 and section “Important notices – Changes in Accounting Policies”).

--- Page 195 ---
3037885528 
195 
The table below includes the consolidated income statements of the Group for the years ended 31 December 
2023 and 2022. The Group has applied IFRS 17 since 1 January 2023, replacing IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” 
as the accounting standard applicable to the recognition, measurement, and presentation of contracts that 
transfer significant insurance risk. Accordingly, certain financial information contained in the consolidated 
income statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been re-expressed to make it comparable with the 
financial information for the year ended 31 December 2023: 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest income ........................................................................................................ 
2,345,904
1,274,834
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income .... 
29,949
25,957
Financial assets carried at amortized cost .............................................................. 
2,160,460
1,908,848
Other ...................................................................................................................... 
155,495
(659,971)
Interest expense ....................................................................................................... 
(992,674)
(201,597)
Redeemable equity expenses ................................................................................... 
-
-
Net interest income ................................................................................................ 
1,353,230
1,073,237
Dividend income...................................................................................................... 
24,567
18,435
Income/loss from entities carried at equity method  ................................................ 
91,946
80,303
Fee and commission income .................................................................................... 
581,038
573,244
Fee and commission expense ................................................................................... 
(47,614)
(48,212)
Net gains or (-) losses on derecognition from the statements of financial assets 
and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss ............................... 
4,804
36,292
Net gains or (-) losses from financial assets and liabilities held for trading ............ 
7,656
10,304
Net gains or (-) losses from non-trading financial assets mandatorily designated 
at fair value through profit or loss ........................................................................... 
4,525
(9,216)
Net gain (loss) from financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit or loss ............................................................................................... 
-
-
Net gain (loss) from hedge accounting .................................................................... 
(1,876)
5,512
Net gains or losses from exchange differences ........................................................ 
4,865
9,546
Other operating income ........................................................................................... 
64,324
82,818
Other operating expenses ......................................................................................... 
(325,622)
(241,313)
Income from assets under insurance or reinsurance contracts ................................. 
13,664
14,696
Expenses from liabilities under insurance or reinsurance contracts ......................... 
41
161
Gross margin .......................................................................................................... 
1,775,548
1,605,807
Administrative expenses .......................................................................................... 
(768,051)
(771,319)
Staff expenses ........................................................................................................ 
(486,761)
(506,127)
Other administrative expenses ............................................................................... 
(281,290)
(265,192)
Depreciation and amortization ................................................................................. 
(90,502)
(90,400)
(Provisions or reversals of provisions)  ................................................................... 
(114,155)
(93,919)
(Impairment or reversal in the value of financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit and loss or net gains by modification) .............................................. 
(146,247)
(214,133)
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income .... 
14
416
Financial assets carried at amortized cost .............................................................. 
(146,261)
(214,549)
Net operating income ............................................................................................. 
656,593
436,036
Impairment or reversal in the value of joint ventures or associates ......................... 
3,358
(535)
Impairment or reversal in the value of non-financial assets..................................... 
(42,636)
(70,545)
Tangible assets ....................................................................................................... 
(29,738)
(42,858)
Intangible assets ..................................................................................................... 
(8,806)
(6,773)
Other ...................................................................................................................... 
(4,092)
(20,914)
Net gain (loss) on derecognition of non-financial assets and investments ............... 
(12,052)
8,348

--- Page 196 ---
3037885528 
196 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022(1) 
 
Negative goodwill recognized in P&L .................................................................... 
-
-
Gain (loss) from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not 
classified as discontinued operations ....................................................................... 
(234,694)
9,544
Pre-tax income (or loss) from continuing operations .......................................... 
370,569
382,848
Tax expense or income on earnings from continued operations .............................. 
(104,037)
(102,275)
Profit or loss after tax from continuing operations............................................. 
266,532
277,573
Profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations ............................................... 
-
-
Profit/(loss) for the year ........................................................................................ 
266,532
277,573
Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interest) .................................. 
(171)
(3)
Attributable to owners of the parent company ....................................................... 
266,703
277,576
 
Earnings per share................................................................................................. 
Basic earnings per share (€) ................................................................................... 
0.098
0.102
Diluted earnings per share (€) ................................................................................ 
0.098
0.102
Note: 
 
(1) 
These figures are shown solely and exclusively for comparative purposes (see Note 1.5 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year 2023 and section “Important notices – Changes in Accounting Policies”).  
 
Alternative Performance Measures  
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or APMs, which are used by management to evaluate the Group’s overall 
performance or liquidity. These measures are used in the Bank’s planning, operational and financial decision-
making and are commonly used in the finance sector as indicators to monitor institutions’ assets, liabilities and 
economic/financial positions. 
These APMs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review by the Issuer’s auditors and are not measures 
required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. Many of these APMs are based on the Issuer’s internal 
estimates, assumptions and calculations. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used 
by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the information 
calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the Group’s 
profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review 
these APMs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual accounts incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Bank believes that the description of these APMs in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the 
“ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures” dated 5 October 2015.  
In respect of the Group, Unicaja Banco’s management report in respect of the 2023 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts (the “2023 Management Report”) and Unicaja Banco’s management report in respect of the 2022 
Consolidated Annual Accounts (the “2022 Management Report”), both incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, contain a list of part of the APMs corresponding to Unicaja Banco used in this Base Prospectus, 
along with a reconciliation between them and the IFRS indicators or measures presented in the 2023 
Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2022 Consolidated Annual Accounts, as applicable.

--- Page 197 ---
3037885528 
197 
The table below lists part of the Group’s APMs mentioned throughout the Base Prospectus and includes a 
reference to the relevant section of the 2023 Management Report (which includes, for comparative purposes, 
the information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022): 
APMs 
Reference to the 2023 Management Report  
Customer deposits (non-market) excluding 
valuation adjustments (Depósitos de clientes 
(no mercado) sin ajustes de valoración) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Loan to 
Deposits  
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio (Cobertura 
de adjudicados) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Foreclosed 
assets coverage 
LTD ratio (ratio “Loan to Deposits”) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Loan to 
Deposits 
NPL coverage ratio (Ratio de cobertura de la 
morosidad) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – NPL coverage 
ratio. 
NPL ratio (Ratio de morosidad) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – NPL ratio. 
Performing loans (Crédito Performing) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Performing 
loans. 
Wholesale funds (markets) (Recursos 
administrados (Mercados)) 
Appendix 1 (Alternative Performance Measures) – Wholesale funds 
(markets). 
 
In addition to the APMs included by reference to the 2023 Management Report in accordance with the table above, 
the list below includes the definition, calculation and relevance of the other APMs used by the Bank in this Base 
Prospectus:  
- 
Retail funding 
 
Definition: Aggregate of sight deposits, term deposits (excluding covered bonds) and repos controlled by retail 
customers.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to measure the relevance of consumers deposits on the financing structure of 
the Group.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Sight deposits(1)................................................................................ 
 
52,053 
 
57,049 
 
(+) Term deposits(1) (excluding covered bonds under the heading 
“Term Deposits” Transactional value(2))........................................... 
 
10,128 
 
5,874 
 
(+) Repos controlled by retail 
customers(2).......................................................................................... 
 
103 
 
20 
 
Retail fundingAPM................................................................................. 
 
62,284 
 
62,943 
 
Notes:— 
(1) Source: Section 3: Highlights of the period of the consolidated management report included in the 2023 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2023 and for the information as of 31 December 2022 (for comparative purposes). 
(2) Source: Annex I of the consolidated management report included in the 2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts and Appendix I of the 
2022 Consolidated Annual Accounts and Bank’s records, data bases and inventories.

--- Page 198 ---
3037885528 
198 
- 
Average interest rates of lending granted to customers  
 
Definition: This APM determines the average interest rates of loans and advances to customers.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this operating metric to monitor the customer loan portfolio’s average profitability.  
Calculation: This metric has been calculated using management criteria and on the basis of Bank’s internal data. To 
produce this metric, the Bank calculates (based on quarterly data) the quarterly yields on loans and advances to 
customers (excluding reverse repos) over the average quarterly balances of loans and advances to customers 
(excluding reverse repos and other financial assets).   
 
 
As of 31 
December  
As of 31 
December 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
(€ million) 
Average interest rates of lending granted to customers APM 
2.91% 
 
1.44% 
 
- 
Average remuneration of deposits  
 
Definition: This APM determines the average interest rates of customer deposits.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this operating metric to monitor the average cost of costumer funds.  
Calculation: This metric has been calculated using management criteria and on the basis of Bank’s internal data. To 
produce this metric, the Bank calculates (based on quarterly data) the quarterly cost of customer deposits (excluding 
repos) over the average quarterly balances of customer deposits (excluding repos).   
 
 
As of 31 
December  
As of 31 
December 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
(€ million) 
Average remuneration of deposits APM 
-0.41% 
 
-0.01% 
 
- 
Fixed income debt securities 
 
Definition: Sum of debt securities in the Bank’s portfolio.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to calculate the amount of fixed income stemming from debt securities.  
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
(+) Debt securities not held for 
trading(1)............................................... 
35.3 
 
33.5 
 
(+) Debt securities held for 
trading(1)............................................... 
749.1 
 
0 
 
(+) Debt securities designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income(1)......................................... 
1,154.8 
 
649.8 
 
(+) Debt securities measured at amortized 
cost(1).................................... 
25,098.8 
 
26,867.1 
 
Fixed income debt 
securitiesAPM......................................................... 
27,038 
 
27,550.4

--- Page 199 ---
3037885528 
199 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Consolidated balance sheet of the 2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
 
- 
Mortgage and consumer lending granted to retail customers 
 
Definition: Sum of mortgages and lending granted to consumers.  
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM as an indicator of the total lending granted to retail customers. 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
  
 
 
(€ million) 
 
(+) Mortgages(1)...................................................................................... 
30,134 
 
31,617 
 
(+) Consumer and other(1)....................................................................... 
2,888 
 
2,874 
 
Mortgage and consumer lendingAPM.................................................. 
33,022 
 
34,491 
 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Section 3: Highlights of the period of the consolidated management report included in the 2023 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2023 and for the information as of 31 December 2022 (for comparative purposes). 
 
- 
Other liabilities 
 
Definition: Portion of total liabilities that do not correspond to retail fundingAPM (as defined and calculated above), 
public sector customer funds, wholesale funds (markets)APM (as defined and calculated in the 2023 Consolidated 
Annual Accounts), deposits of central banks, deposits of credit institutions and total equity. 
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to calculate the financing structure of the Group.  
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
(+) Total liabilities and equity(1)............................................................  
97,153 
 
98,969 
 
(-) Retail 
fundingAPM...........................................................................................
 
62,284 
 
62,943 
 
(-) Customer funds – Public Sector(2).....................................................  
5,454 
 
6,889 
 
(-) Wholesale funds (markets) APM.........................................................  
9,923 
 
8,097 
 
(-) Deposits – Central Banks(1)...............................................................  
954 
 
5,321 
 
(-) Total Equity(1) .................................................................................  
6,646 
 
6,459 
 
(-) Deposits – Credit Institutions(1).......................................................  
5,773 
 
3,418 
 
Other liabilitiesAPM..............................................................................  
6,119 
 
5,842 
 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Consolidated balance sheet of the 2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts and the 2022 Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
(2) 
Source: Section 3: Highlights of the period of the consolidated management report included in the 2023 Consolidated Annual 
Accounts for the information as of 31 December 2023 and for the information as of 31 December 2022 (for comparative purposes). 
 
- 
Sovereign risk 
 
Definition: Sum of financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets 
carried at amortized cost, and financial assets held for trading.

--- Page 200 ---
3037885528 
200 
Relevance: The Bank uses this APM to calculate the total exposure in order to define its sovereign risk.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
 
(€ million) 
 
(+) Financial assets held for 
trading(1)........................................................................................ 
 
649 
 
0 
 
(+) Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive 
income(1) ...................................................... 
 
706 
 
399.1 
 
(+) Financial assets carried at amortized 
cost(1)........................................................................................ 
 
23,977.3 
 
25,531.4 
 
Sovereign riskAPM................................................................................... 
 
25,332.3 
 
25,930.5 
 
Notes:— 
(1) 
Source: Note 27 of the 2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts. 
 
- 
Variable rate assets and variable rate liabilities  
 
Definition: These APMs determine the amount of assets and of liabilities, as applicable, which the Bank considers 
have floating rates.  
Relevance: The Bank uses these operating metrics to monitor the sensibility of its balance sheet to movements in 
interest rates.  
Calculation: These metrics cannot be reconciled directly with the Bank’s balance sheet. To produce these metrics, 
the Bank applies to its balance sheet asset liquidity management tools that determine the exposure by type of product 
and, on the basis of such determination, and based on the Bank’s criteria, it is determined which balance sheet line 
items (both at an asset and liability level) are considered to be variable rate items and therefore are subject to repricing 
risk.  
 
 
As of 31 
December  
As of 31 
December 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
(€ million) 
Variable rate assetsAPM 
55,706 
 
47,633 
Variable rate liabilitiesAPM 
40,184 
 
48,809

--- Page 201 ---
3037885528 
201 
REGULATION 
The following is a brief summary of certain regulations that, at the date of this Base Prospectus, apply to the 
Issuer and the Group. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Spanish 
legislative and regulatory framework for the Issuer and the Group. 
Capital, Liquidity and Funding requirements  
The regulatory framework regarding the solvency of credit entities (which includes requirements to hold a 
certain level of own funds) is established by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC (as amended, “CRD IV Directive”), Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended, “CRR”) and any CRD IV Implementing Measures (as 
this term is defined in the Conditions of the Notes, and together with CRR and the CRD IV Directive, “CRD 
IV”). The implementation of the CRD IV Directive in Spain took place through Royal Decree-Law 14/2013, 
of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt Spanish law to EU regulations on the subject of supervision and 
solvency of financial entities, Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions (“Law 10/2014”), Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (the “Royal 
Decree 84/2015”) and Bank of Spain Circulars 2/2014, of 31 January, and 2/2016, of 2 February, to credit 
entities, on supervision and solvency, which completes the adaptation of Spanish law to CRR and CRD IV 
Directive (the “Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016”).   
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the “BRRD”), that has 
been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015, also establishes certain 
requirements in terms of MREL. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms amending 
CRR , the CRD IV Directive, BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms (the “SRM Regulation”). On 14 May 2019 the text was formally 
approved by the Council of the European Union. On 7 June 2019 the following regulations were published: (i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, the “CRD V Directive”) amending the CRD IV Directive, (ii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, “BRRD II”) amending, among other things, the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or 
supplemented from time to time, “CRR II”) amending, among other things, the CRR as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements, and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the 
“SRM Regulation II”) amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM 
Regulation II, the “EU Banking Reforms”). The EU Banking Reforms entered into force on 27 June 2019 and 
apply since 29 December 2020, other than in the case of CRR II where a two-year period was provided for, 
subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 202 ---
3037885528 
202 
The CRD V Directive and the BRRD II were implemented into Spanish law through Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, 
of 27 April, (“RDL 7/2021”) which has amended, amongst others, Law 10/2014 and Law 11/2015, Royal 
Decree 970/2021, of 8 November, which amended Royal Decree 84/2015, Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 24 
November, which amended Royal Decree 1012/2015 and certain Circulars of the Bank of Spain.  
The package of reforms presented by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 included a proposal to 
create a new asset class of “non preferred” senior debt. On 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, 
approving urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior non preferred 
debt. 
Moreover, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical 
aspects on a new review of BRRD, the SRM Regulation, and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes. The consultation was split into two main 
sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section seeking technical feedback 
on stakeholders experience with the current framework and the need for changes in the future framework, 
notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of 
harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse-off principle, and (iii) depositor 
insurance. No agreement was reached on potential changes during the public consultation, and therefore further 
work will be needed.  
Additionally, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals amending CRR 
and the CRD IV Directive, as well as a separate legislative proposal amending CRR and BRRD in the area of 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. In particular, the main objectives of the European 
Commission’s legislative proposals are to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, enhance the focus on 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks in the prudential framework, further harmonise supervisory 
powers and tools and reduce institutions’ administrative costs related to public disclosures and to improve 
access to institutions’ prudential data. These legislative proposals are the following: (i) Directive of the 
European Parliament and of the Council amending CRD IV Directive as regards supervisory powers, sanctions, 
third-country branches, and environmental, social and governance risks, and amending BRRD; (ii) a Regulation 
of the European Parliament and of the Council and its annex amending CRR as regards requirements for credit 
risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor; and (iii) a Regulation 
of the European Parliament and of the Council amending CRR and BRRD as regards the prudential treatment 
of global systemically important institution groups with a multiple point of entry resolution strategy and a 
methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting the minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). In respect of the proposal referred to in limb 
(iii), the European Parliament and the Council published on 19 October 2022 Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 
amending CRR and BRRD, which partially started to apply on 14 November 2022. In December 2023 the 
European Parliament and the Council reached a provisional political agreement in relation to the legislative 
proposals referred to in limbs (i) and (ii). After the approval of the proposals by the European Parliament on 24 
April 2024, the adoption of the final texts by the European Council and their publication in the Official Journal 
of the European Union are expected to follow. As of the date of this Base Prospectus it is expected that 
Regulation in Error! Reference source not found. Error! Reference source not found. starts applying 
gradually from 1 January 2025, while in relation to (i) above, the Directive will need to be implemented in each 
of the Member States. 
Moreover, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published legislative proposals to adjust the CMDI 
framework, which had been under development for some time and was accelerated in light of recent bank 
failures. The package contains further amendments to the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and Directive

--- Page 203 ---
3037885528 
203 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes 
(“DGSD”), which aim at further preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers and depositors, and 
supporting the real economy and its competitiveness. The proposals enable authorities to organise the orderly 
market exit for a failing bank of any size and business model and consists of three pillars: (i) preserving financial 
stability and protecting taxpayers' money through facilitating the use of deposit guarantee schemes in crisis 
situations; (ii) shielding the real economy from the impact of bank failure by allowing authorities to fully use 
resolution as a key component of the crisis management toolbox; and (iii) better protecting depositors. The 
CMDI package also includes a targeted amendment of the “daisy chains” proposal to address specific issues on 
the treatment of internal MREL. The European Commission’s proposal harmonises the standards of depositor 
protection across the EU by (i) harmonising the protection of temporary high balances on bank accounts in 
excess of €100,000 linked to specific life events (such as inheritance or insurance indemnities), (ii) extending 
the depositor protection to public entities and (iii) introducing a new single-tiered preferential ranking for all 
deposits, with the result that all deposits (including eligible deposits of large corporates and deposits by other 
banks) would rank above ordinary unsecured claims, and pari passu with each other. Covered deposits would 
continue to be excluded from bail-in (and therefore have better protection than other deposits in a bail-in) but 
would have no “super-preference” on insolvency compared to other deposits. At the same time, non-covered 
deposits would rank in priority to ordinary unsecured creditors and would therefore be bailed in after any such 
ordinary unsecured creditors (which is aimed at reducing contagion risk).  
On 3 October 2023 the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee of the European Parliament published three 
draft reports on the proposals and on 6 December 2023 the European Parliament and the Council reached a 
provisional political agreement on the “daisy chains” proposal which was finally adopted on 27 March 2024 
and published in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 April 2024. Additionally, on 20 March 2024, the Economic 
and Monetary Affairs Committee of the European Parliament voted in favour of a compromise on amendments 
to the CMDI Proposal. On 24 April 2024, the European Parliament voted in plenary to adopt three legislative 
texts on CMDI Proposal framework as its position for upcoming legislative negotiations with the European 
Council, the European Council having yet to adopt its own position. Therefore, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there is uncertainty with regard to the CMDI Proposal and when it will be finally implemented in 
the European Union. 
Capital requirements 
Under CRD IV, Unicaja Banco and the Group are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 
8% of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”) of which at least 4.5% must be CET1 capital and at least 6% must be 
Tier 1 capital (together, the “minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements”).  
Moreover, Article 104 of CRD IV Directive, as implemented in Spain by Article 68 of Law 10/2014 and Article 
94 of Royal Decree 84/2015, and similarly Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 October 
2013, conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the “SSM Regulation”), also contemplates that in addition to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital 
requirements, the supervisory authorities may require further capital to cover other risks. This may result in the 
imposition of additional capital requirements on Unicaja Banco and/or the Group pursuant to this “Pillar 2” 
framework. Following the introduction of the SSM, the ECB is in charge of assessing additional “Pillar 2” 
capital requirements (“P2R”) through the supervisory review and evaluation process (the “SREP”) assessments 
to be carried out at least on an annual basis (accordingly requirements may change from year to year). 
In addition to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements and the P2R, credit institutions must comply with 
the “combined buffer requirement” set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented in Spain. The “combined 
buffer requirement” has introduced up to five new capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: 
(i) the capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions (“G-
SII”) buffer which shall not be less than 1% of RWAs; (iii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer

--- Page 204 ---
3037885528 
204 
(consisting of the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions 
where the relevant credit exposures are located), which may be as much as 2.5% of RWAs (or higher pursuant 
to the competent authority); (iv) the other systemically important institutions (“O-SII”) buffer, which may be 
as much as 3% of RWAs (or higher pursuant to the competent authority); and (v) the systemic risk buffer to 
prevent systemic or macro prudential risks (to be set by the competent authority). 
The Bank has not been classified as G-SII or as O-SII by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) nor by any 
competent authority so, unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it is not 
required to maintain the G-SII buffer or the O-SII buffer. In addition, the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the 
countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0% for the second quarter of 2024 
(requirements will be revised each quarter). On 16 May 2024, the Bank of Spain announced its intention to 
increase the countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain to 1% in two stages: (i) from 
the fourth quarter of 2024, it is expected to be set at 0.5% (applicable in the fourth quarter of 2025); and (ii) 
from the fourth quarter of 2025, it is expected to be raised 0.5 pp to be set at 1% (applicable in the fourth quarter 
of 2026). Despite this announcement, the Bank of Spain may change or reverse the planned actions for 
circumstances that as of the date of this Prospectus are uncertain and are beyond the Bank’s control. The increase 
in the countercyclical capital buffer contemplated by the Bank of Spain would increase the applicable capital 
requirements, however, the Bank current buffers over regulatory requirements are high enough to absorb the 
new countercyclical capital buffer so it won’t have a material impact.  
As set out in the “Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of “Pillar 1”, “Pillar 2” and 
combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions” published on 16 December 2015, competent 
authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account in determining the CET1 capital 
available to meet the “combined buffer requirement” for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(as defined below) calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the minimum “Pillar 1” capital 
requirements and the P2R of the institution and, accordingly, the “combined buffer requirement” is in addition 
to the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirement and to the P2R, and therefore it would be the first layer of capital 
to be eroded pursuant to the applicable stacking order. CRD V Directive clarifies that P2R should be positioned 
in the relevant stacking order of own funds requirements above the minimum “Pillar 1” capital requirements 
and below the “combined buffer requirement” or the leverage ratio buffer requirement, as relevant. In addition, 
CRD V Directive also clarifies that P2R should be set in relation to the specific situation of an institution 
excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including the risks incurred by individual institutions due to 
their activities (including those reflecting the impact of certain economic and market developments on the risk 
profile of an individual institution) and it also allows the P2R to be partially covered with Additional Tier 1 
Instruments and Tier 2 Instruments. 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain 
Circular 2/2016, those entities failing to meet the “combined buffer requirement” or making a distribution in 
connection with CET1 capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the “combined 
buffer requirement” is no longer met will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, 
(ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions 
relating to Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, until the maximum distributable amount calculated according 
to CRD IV (i.e., the firm’s “distributable profits”, calculated in accordance with CRD IV, multiplied by a factor 
dependent on the extent of the shortfall in CET1 capital) (the “Maximum Distributable Amount”) has been 
calculated and communicated to the Bank of Spain. Thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be 
subject to such Maximum Distributable Amount for entities (a) not meeting the “combined buffer requirement” 
or (b) in relation to which the Bank of Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 
10/2014 aimed at strengthening own funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends.

--- Page 205 ---
3037885528 
205 
In accordance with Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of the Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, 
restrictions of discretionary payments will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the “combined 
buffer requirement” and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution generated since the last annual 
decision on the distribution of profits. Such calculation will result in a “Maximum Distributable Amount” in 
each relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that in the bottom quartile of the combined buffer 
requirement, no “discretionary payments” will be permitted to be made. As a consequence, in the event of 
breach of the “combined buffer requirement” (including where additional capital requirements are imposed that 
have the result of increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD IV) it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments (in whole or in part). 
In addition, a new Article 16.a) of the BRRD, as recently amended by BRRD II, better clarifies the stacking 
order between the “combined buffer requirement” and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, 
a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing the “maximum distributable 
amount” for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the new Article 16.a)(4) of the 
BRRD) (the “MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision”) through distribution of dividends, 
variable remuneration and payments to holders of Additional Tier 1 Instruments, where it meets the “combined 
buffer requirement” but fails to meet that “combined buffer requirement” when considered in addition to the 
MREL requirements. The referred Article 16.a) of the BRRD includes a potential nine-month grace period 
whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under the MREL-
Maximum Distributable Amount Provision before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power 
under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions). The MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount 
Provision is fully applicable from 1 January 2022. 
As communicated by the EBA on 1 July 2016 and included in the CRD V Directive, in addition to the minimum 
“Pillar 1” capital requirements, the P2R and the “combined buffer requirements”, the supervisor can also set a 
“Pillar 2” capital guidance (“P2G”). Thus, SREP decisions of 2016 onwards differentiate between P2R and 
P2G. While P2R are binding requirements and breaches can have direct legal consequences for the banks, P2G 
is not directly binding and a failure to meet it does not automatically trigger legal action, even though the ECB 
expects banks to meet P2G. Following this clarification, the clarifications contained in the “EBA Pillar 2 
Roadmap” (April 2017) and the guidelines on the revised common procedures and methodologies for the SREP 
and supervisor stress testing published by the EBA on 19 July 2018, banks are expected to meet the P2G with 
CET1 capital on top of the level of binding capital requirements (“Pillar 1” capital requirements, P2R and the 
“combined buffer requirements”). Under the EU Banking Reforms, the P2G is not relevant for the purposes of 
triggering the automatic restriction of the discretionary payments and calculation of the Maximum Distributable 
Amount. CRD V provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to meet the P2G, the competent authority 
should be entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, to impose additional own funds 
requirements. 
On 30 November 2023, the Bank was informed by the ECB of the results of the SREP, which include the 
supervisory decision regarding capital requirements applicable to the Group for 2024 (applicable both at an 
individual and consolidated level). The details of these capital requirements are described below:  
 
 CET1 ratio  
Total 
capital 
 
Pillar 1 .........................................................................................................  
4.50%
8.00%
Pillar 2 (P2R)41 ............................................................................................  
1.27%
2.25%
Conservation buffer .....................................................................................  
2.50%
2.50%
 
41 P2R only applies at a consolidated level.

--- Page 206 ---
3037885528 
206 
 
 CET1 ratio  
Total 
capital 
 
Other buffers ...............................................................................................  
0.00%
0.00%
Total requirement .....................................................................................  
8.27%
12.75%
 
The table below sets out the Group’s capital position as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
 
31 December 202342 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
CET1 ratio ......................................... 
15.0%
 
14.7% 
13.7%
13%
T1 ratio .............................................. 
16.8%
 
16.5% 
15.3%
14.6%
Total capital ratio .............................. 
18.8%
 
18.5% 
17.1%
16.4%
As of 31 March 2024, the Group’s capital position43 was as follows: a phased in CET1 ratio of 14.53% (14.50% 
fully loaded), a phased in T1 ratio of 16.42% (16.40% fully loaded) and a phased in Total capital ratio of 19.54% 
(19.51% fully loaded). The decrease of the phased in CET ratio as of 31 March 2024 with respect to the phased 
in CET1 ratio as of 31 December 2023 was mainly to the deduction of the full amount of the Share Buyback 
Program that was implemented by the Bank for up to €100 million (see “Recent developments – Share Buyback 
Program”) and to the mark to market of the equity investments portfolio.  
As of 31 December 2023, the RWAs of the Group amounted to €29,841 million (€34,133 million as of 31 
December 2021).  
Any failure by the Bank or by the Group to comply with its regulatory capital requirements could result in the 
imposition of administrative actions or sanctions, such as further P2Rs or the adoption of any early intervention 
or, ultimately, resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, which, together with 
Royal Decree 1012/2015 have implemented BRRD into Spanish law. See “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the 
Issuer and the Group—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks—Increasingly onerous capital, liquidity, 
funding and other regulatory requirements constitute one of the Group’s main regulatory challenges ”. 
Leverage ratio 
In addition to the above, Article 429 of the CRR requires institutions to calculate their leverage ratio (“LR”) in 
accordance with the methodology laid down in that article. The EU Banking Reforms contain a binding 3% 
Tier 1 LR requirement, that has been added to the own funds requirements in Article 92 of the CRR, and which 
institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements.  
This LR requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements described above. Thus, 
any additional own funds requirements may be imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of 
excessive leverage, these requirements should be added to the minimum leverage ratio requirement (and not to 
the minimum risk based own funds requirement). Furthermore, institutions should also be able to use any CET1 
 
42 Capital ratios as of December 2023 include the profit for the year ended 31 December 2023, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.  
43 Capital ratios as of March 2024 include the profit for the period ended 31 March 2024, which is pending to be approved by the ECB.

--- Page 207 ---
3037885528 
207 
instruments that they use to meet their leverage-related requirements to meet their risk-based own funds 
requirements, including the “combined buffer requirement”. 
The table below sets out the Group’s LRs as of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022: 
 
 
31 December 2023 
 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
Phased in 
 
Fully-loaded 
 
 
Leverage ratio......................  
5.23%
5.14% 
 
5.35%
5.10%
 
 
As of 31 March 2024, the phased-in leverage ratio of the Group was 4.96% (5.23% as of 31 December 2023) 
and the fully-loaded leverage ratio was 4.95% (5.14% as of 31 December 2023) (CRR sets a binding leverage 
ratio requirement of 3% of Tier 1 capital). 
MREL requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall 
hold a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities. The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own 
funds and eligible liabilities and expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(pursuant to BRRD II, it shall be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount or the total 
exposure measure of the institution, calculated in each case in accordance with CRR). The level of capital and 
eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based 
on the resolution plan and other criteria. The resolution authority for the Bank is the SRB. Eligible liabilities 
may be senior or subordinated liabilities, provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining 
maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted 
under that law (including through contractual provisions).  
According to the EU Banking Reforms, MREL application is also subject to a different regime depending on 
the nature of the entity based on its resource volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are 
different for G-SIIs, “top tier” entities (entities which are not G-SIIs but have consolidated total assets above 
€100 billion), other entities which the resolution authority has assessed as reasonably likely to pose a systemic 
risk in the event of its failure (“other systemic entities”) and the rest of the resolution institutions. Unicaja Banco 
is a “top tier” bank as a result of the Merger. In particular, G-SIIs, “top tier” banks such as Unicaja Banco and 
other systemic entities are subject since January 2022 to MREL Pillar 1 subordination requirements which shall 
be satisfied with own funds and other eligible MREL instruments (such MREL instruments may not for these 
purposes be senior debt instruments and only MREL instruments constituting “non-preferred” senior debt under 
the new insolvency hierarchy introduced in Spain by RDL 11/2017 will be eligible for compliance with the 
subordination requirement): in principle, 18% RWAs and 6.75% of leverage exposure in the case of G-SIIs and 
13.5% of RWAs and 5% of leverage exposure in the case of “top tier” entities and other systemic entities. The 
leverage exposure requirement includes the “combined buffer requirement”. 
Likewise, as part of MREL, there is an additional subordination requirement of eligible instruments for G-SIIs 
and “top tier” banks involving an institution specific MREL “Pillar 2” subordination requirement. This MREL 
“Pillar 2” subordination requirement, which would have to be complied by the Bank if requested by the 
Competent Authority, is targeted at 8% of the total liabilities, including own funds and may be determined on a 
case-by-case basis but subject to certain caps. 
On 18 March 2024, the Bank received a formal communication from the Bank of Spain of its MREL 
requirement, both total and subordinated, on a consolidated basis, as determined by the SRB. In accordance 
with such communication, Unicaja Banco must comply: (i) at all times since receipt of the communication, 
with a total MREL requirement of 22.44% of the TREA (excluding the capital allocated to cover the “combined 
buffer requirement”) and 5.91% of the LRE; and (ii) by 31 July 2024 (date of the expiration of the grace period

--- Page 208 ---
3037885528 
208 
of 3 years from the date the aggregated assets of the Group exceeded €100 billion as a result of the Merger), 
Unicaja Banco must comply with a subordinated MREL requirement of 16.22% of the TREA (excluding the 
capital allocated to cover the “combined buffer requirement”) and a subordinated and total MREL requirement 
of 6.56% of the LRE. As of 31 December 2023, Unicaja Banco reached a MREL ratio of 27.60% of the TREA 
and 8.42% of the LRE at consolidated level.   
If any Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) finds that there could exist any obstacles to 
resolvability of the Bank and/or the Group, a higher MREL could be imposed.  
Liquidity requirements 
The Group should also comply with the LCR requirements provided in CRR. The LCR is the short-term 
indicator which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetizable (cash and the 
readily liquidable securities held by the Group) and the net cash imbalance accumulated over a 30-day liquidity 
stress period. It is a quantitative liquidity standard designed to ensure that banks have sufficient high-quality 
liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period. Since 1 January 2018, 
the entities to which this standard applies (including the Group) must comply with 100% of the applicable LCR 
requirement. The LCR of the Group was 308% as of 31 December 2023 (284% as of 31 December 2022), above 
the regulatory minimum requirement of 100%.  
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (“BCBS”) NSFR is the 12-month structural liquidity indicator 
which corresponds to the ratio between the available amount of stable funding and the statutory amount of 
stable funding. It has been developed to provide a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities such 
that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities that reduces 
the likelihood that disruptions to a bank’s regular sources of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way 
that could increase the risk of its failure. The BCBS contemplated in the Basel III phase-in arrangements 
document that the NSFR, including any revisions, would be implemented by member countries as a minimum 
standard by 1 January 2018, with no phase-in scheduled. The EU Banking Reforms contain the implementation 
of the BCBS standard on NSFR introducing some adjustments. The NSFR ratio of the Group was 149% as of 
31 December 2022 (143% as of 31 December 2021), above the regulatory minimum requirement of 100%. 
Loss absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation  
The BRRD (which has been implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and Royal Decree 1012/2015) is 
designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in unsound 
or failing credit institutions or investment firms (each an “institution”) so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure 
on the economy and financial system. 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency 
or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The 
determination that an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of that institution’s control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or 
in combination where the FROB, the SRB established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, as the case may be and 
according to Law 11/2015, the Bank of Spain or the CNMV, or any other entity with the authority to exercise 
any such tools and powers from time to time or to perform the role of a primary bank resolution authority (each,

--- Page 209 ---
3037885528 
209 
a “Relevant Resolution Authority”) as appropriate, considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail 
in the near future, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the 
sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms); (ii) bridge institution (which 
enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge 
institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control)); (iii) asset separation 
(which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets to one or more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through 
eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only)); and (iv) the 
bail-in (which includes certain elements of the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). The bail-in includes 
the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity 
or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities and obligations could also be subject to any future 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain unsecured debt claims and subordinated obligations. 
The “Spanish Bail-in Power” is any write down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not 
limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) Royal Decree 1012/2015, as amended from time 
to time, (iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or 
standards made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligation of an institution can 
be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
institution or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015, in addition to the mandatory exclusions set 
forth in Article 27.3 of the SRM Regulation and in Article 42 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application 
of the Spanish Bail-in Power to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any 
resulting write down or conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 Instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other 
subordinated claims that do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 capital and (v) the principal or 
outstanding amount of bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings (with “non-preferred” senior claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated 
claims against the Bank but before the other senior claims against the Bank).  
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
provide for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert 
into equity capital instruments and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability of an institution 
or a group of which the institution forms part (“Non-Viability Loss Absorption”) of an institution or a group. 
The point of non-viability of an institution is the point at which the Relevant Resolution Authority determines 
that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant 
capital instruments and eligible liabilities are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary public 
support is to be provided and without such support the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the 
institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a group is the point at which the group 
infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the group, in the near future, will 
infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority in accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed 
prior to or in combination with any exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or 
power (where the conditions for resolution referred to above are met).

--- Page 210 ---
3037885528 
210 
In accordance with Article 64.1(i) of Law 11/2015, the Relevant Resolution Authority has also the power to 
alter the amount of interest payable under debt instruments and other bail-inable liabilities of institutions subject 
to resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument 
(including the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). 
Prudential treatment of NPLs 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the addendum (the “Addendum”) to the ECB Guidance to banks on 
NPLs published on 20 March 2017 (the “NPL Guidance”). The Addendum specifies the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs, it is non-binding but will serve as the basis for the 
supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB banking supervision. The ECB assesses any 
differences between banks’ practices and the prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the Addendum at 
least annually. During the supervisory dialogue, the ECB discusses with each bank divergences from the 
prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the addendum. After this dialogue and taking into account the 
bank’s specific situation, ECB Banking Supervision decides, on a case-by-case basis, whether and which 
supervisory measures are appropriate. In addition, in a press release dated 11 July 2018, the ECB announced 
that, in order to address the stock of NPLs and with the aim of achieving the same coverage of NPL stock and 
flow over the medium term, it would set bank-specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of NPLs.  
As part of the EU Commission’s package of measures aimed at addressing the risks related to high levels of 
NPLs in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 
amends CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (“NPEs”), introducing a clear 
set of conditions for the classification of NPEs. This regulation establishes clear criteria on the determination 
of NPEs, the concept of forbearance measures, deduction for NPEs and treatment of expected loss amounts.  
In connection with the measures adopted in reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak in June 2020 and more 
specifically in connection with the measures announced by the ECB to ensure that its directly supervised banks 
can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations, the ECB announced additional measures 
introducing supervisory flexibility regarding the treatment of NPLs, in particular to allow banks to fully benefit 
from guarantees and moratoriums put in place by public authorities to tackle the current distress. In light of that 
scenario, the EBA has also issued statements regarding the prudential framework in relation to the classification 
of loans in default, classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under 
distressed restructuring, and their accounting treatment. In particular, the EBA has clarified that generalised 
payment delays due to legislative initiatives and addressed to all borrowers do not lead to any automatic 
classification in default, forborne or unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of the likeliness to pay should 
be prioritized) and has clarified the requirements for public and private moratoria, which if fulfilled, are 
expected to help avoid the classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under 
distressed restructuring. 
Temporary Levy on Credit Institutions 
Law 38/2022, which entered into force on 29 December 2022, introduced the Temporary Levy on Credit 
Institutions. This bank levy will apply during the years 2023 and 2024 (unless the Spanish Government decides 
to make this levy permanent).  
The payment obligation in respect of the Temporary Levy on Credit Institutions is triggered on the first day of 
the relevant calendar year and must be satisfied within the first 20 calendar days of September of that year. This 
notwithstanding, institutions are required to make an advance payment for 50% of the amount due within the 
first 20 calendar days of February of the relevant year. 
The amount of the Temporary Levy on Credit Institutions to be paid by each entity subject to Law 38/2022 will 
be 4.8% of the sum of their total interest margin plus fee and commission income and expenses derived from

--- Page 211 ---
3037885528 
211 
the business carried out in Spain as stated in the income statement for the calendar year before the payment 
obligation is triggered and as determined according to applicable accounting standards. The levy will be 
deducted for the amount of advance payment made.  
The “Other operating expenses” heading in the income statement as at 31 December 2023 includes an amount 
of €63.8 million for the temporary levy on credit institutions corresponding to the 2023 year. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s estimate of the amount that this levy will ultimately entail in 2024 is 
€78.6 million.  
For more information see “Risk factors – Risks relating to the issuer and the group – The Group may be subject 
to new taxes and levies”. 
Code of Good Practices 
On 24 November 2022, Royal Decree-Law 19/2022, of 22 of November 2022, came into force with the purpose 
of protecting certain mortgage debtors and prevent difficulties to make payments on their debt as a result of the 
rise in interest rates. Among other measures, Royal Decree-Law 19/2022 sets up a new code of good practice 
(the “Code of Good Practice”) which will be in force for a two-year period for the adoption of measures for 
mortgagors at risk of vulnerability due to rising interest rates, and amending the former Code of Good Practice 
established by Royal Decree-Law 6/2012.  
The Bank acceded to the new Code of Good Practice on 25 November 2022 and will benefit individuals with 
mortgage loans granted before 31 December 2022 and secured by their first residence and a purchase price not 
exceeding €300,000 who request the novation of the loan no later than 24 November 2024 if such individual: 
(i) has a household income which does not exceed by 3.5 times the annual 14-payment IPREM (Public Income 
Index); (ii) has been subject to a mortgage burden increase of 1.2 times during the four years prior to the request 
for novation; and (iii) has seen its monthly mortgage payment exceed 30% of its household income. 
Under these circumstances, the new Code of Good Practice contemplates either: (i) the extension of the maturity 
of the loan for up to seven years with the option of applying a grace period of 12 months for payment of principal 
(provided that the outstanding principal of the loan will accrue interest at a rate representing a reduction of 0.5% 
of the net present value of the loan and the extension cannot result in a reduction of mortgage monthly payments 
below what was being paid on 1 June 2022); or (ii) a conversion of the loan to fixed rate. The novation of the 
loan as a result of any of such alternatives may not result in the maturity exceeding 40 years. 
The accession of the Bank to the Code of Good Practice did not have a material impact for the Group.

--- Page 212 ---
3037885528 
212 
OVERVIEW OF SPANISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Spanish legislative 
and regulatory framework for Covered Bonds. Please also refer to “Risk Factors – Risks related to Covered 
Bonds”. 
Introduction 
The Covered Bonds represent unsubordinated debt of the Issuer, bear interest, are repayable by early redemption 
or at maturity and may be traded in domestic and/or foreign markets. 
The Covered Bonds will be considered European covered bonds (premium) (bono garantizado europeo 
(premium)) pursuant to article 4.3 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer for the making of all payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, the totality of the principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, both accrued and future, will be specially 
guaranteed without the need to assign the assets in guarantee by public deed, or any registration in any public 
registry or any other formality, by a preferential right on the totality of the assets that make up the Cover Pool, 
including any present and future amounts received in respect of such assets, as well as on the realisation of any 
collateral and, if applicable, any collateral received in connection with positions in derivative instruments and 
any rights derived from insurance against damages, as identified in the corresponding special register of the 
Issuer, all in accordance with the legislation in force in Spain, as of the date of this Base Prospectus . 
Covered Bonds Programme 
The issue of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer requires the prior authorisation of the Bank of Spain in accordance 
with Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 of the “covered bond programme” to be in force in accordance with article 34 
of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
On 4 July 2022, the Bank of Spain authorised the covered bond programme of the Issuer for the issuance of 
Covered Bonds for an aggregate amount of €20,000,000,000, and with a validity period expiring on 4 July 2025 
(the “Covered Bonds Programme”). The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will form part of the 
covered bond programme of the Issuer and will be collateralised by the Cover Pool. The information contained 
in this Base Prospectus relating to the issuance of Covered Bonds is aligned in all material respects with and 
does not contradict the provisions contained in the Covered Bonds Programme.  
Cover pool 
The Covered Bonds will be specially guaranteed by the assets of the Cover Pool of the Covered Bond 
Programme. Title IV of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 sets forth the particular requirements of the assets that may 
be included in the Cover Pool: 
• 
In accordance with article 23 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the cover pool for Covered Bonds shall 
comprise the eligible primary assets listed in letters d) and f) of article 129.1 of CRR and which form 
part of the cover pool, the replacement assets, the liquid assets that make up the liquidity buffer of the 
cover pool and the economic flows generated by the derivative financial instruments, all in accordance 
with the legislation in force and the corresponding issue programme authorised by the Bank of Spain. 
• 
Eligible primary assets include, among others, (i) loans secured by residential property up to the lesser 
of the principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 80% of the value of the 
pledged assets; or (ii) loans secured by commercial immovable property up to the lesser of the principal 
amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens, and 60% of the value of the pledged 
properties. Loans secured by commercial immovable property are eligible where the loan-to-value ratio

--- Page 213 ---
3037885528 
213 
of 60% is exceeded up to a maximum level of 70% if the value of the total assets pledged as collateral 
for the Covered Bonds exceeds the nominal amount outstanding on the covered bond by at least 10%, 
and the holders’ claim meets the legal certainty requirements set out in Chapter 4 of CRR. The holders’ 
claim shall take priority over all other claims on the collateral. 
• 
In addition to meeting the conditions set forth in Chapter 4 of CRR, the real estate mortgage securing 
the loans must be constituted with first ranking over the full ownership of the entire property. If other 
mortgages are encumbered on the same property or if it is subject to prohibitions on disposition, 
resolutory condition or any other limitation of the domain, these must be cancelled or postponed to the 
mortgage prior to its inclusion in the cover pool. 
• 
At the time of its incorporation into the cover pool, the loan secured by real estate mortgage may not 
exceed 60% of the appraisal value of the mortgaged property. In the case of residential real estate, the 
loan may reach 80% of the appraisal value. The term of amortisation of the guaranteed loan, when it 
finances the acquisition, construction or rehabilitation of the habitual residence, may not exceed 30 
years. If, as a consequence of the amortisation of a loan initially ineligible for exceeding the indicated 
limits, the corresponding thresholds are reached, the loan with mortgage guarantee could be eligible as 
a collateral asset from that moment onwards. 
• 
When, due to depreciation of the collateral, at any time after its incorporation in the cover pool, the loan 
exceeds the limits set forth in the preceding paragraph, such loan shall be computed up to the limit 
indicated therein for the purposes of the coverage requirement set forth in article 10.5 of Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021. 
• 
The Covered Bonds may be backed up to a limit of 10% of the principal amount by the following 
replacement assets: 
(i) 
fixed income securities admitted to trading on regulated markets issued by the counterparties 
referred to in letters a) and b) of article 129.1 of CRR; and/or 
(ii) 
short-term deposits in credit institutions that comply with the provisions of article 129.1 (c) of 
CRR and the limits so provided. 
• 
If, due to the amortisation of the loans comprising the cover pool, the replacement assets exceed the 
applicable limits, the Issuer may choose to acquire its own Covered Bonds until the ratio is restored or 
replace them with other assets that meet the required conditions. 
• 
In accordance with the first paragraph of article 129.3a of CRR, the Covered Bonds must have a 
minimum level of legal overcollateralisation equivalent to at least 5% of the unamortised amount of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Legal Overcollateralisation”). In addition to the Legal Overcollateralisation, the 
Issuer may at any time during the life of the cover bond programme, at its own discretion, assume the 
obligation to maintain a level of guarantee higher than the Legal Overcollateralisation. The Issuer has 
not established or assumed any contractual level of overcollateralisation above the Legal 
Overcollateralisation requirement for the Cover Pool.  
The overcollateralisation level shall be disclosed in the periodic information the Issuer is obliged to 
provide pursuant to article 19 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 and, if applicable, as other relevant 
information, without prejudice to any other obligation derived from the regulations in force regarding 
the securities market. This information will be published on the website of the Issuer at:

--- Page 214 ---
3037885528 
214 
https://www.unicajabanco.com/es/inversores-y-accionistas/cedulas/cedulas-hipotecarias-cotizadas-de-
unicaja-banco.44  
As of 31 March 2024, the level of overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool was 38.6% while the 
outstanding amount of mortgage covered bonds was €8,222.1 million (the same as of 31 December 2023 
given the absence of new issuances or amortizations during the first quarter of the year, and of which 
€4,022 million corresponds to mortgage covered bonds assigned to a securitization fund by the Issuer 
and other financial institutions (“cédulas multicedentes”)). Such level of overcollateralisation may vary 
and the Bank only commits to maintain the Legal Overcollateralisation and, if any, the contractual level 
of collateralisation assumed from time to time.  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not approved an independent policy for the 
management of derivative contracts for hedging purposes and replacement assets of the Cover Pool.  
• 
The mortgaged property shall be insured against damage for at least the appraisal value and the credit 
claim linked to the insurance shall be included in the special register of the covered bond programme. 
• 
The Issuer may not perform any of the following actions with respect to the loans included in the cover 
pool except with the express authorisation of the cover pool monitor of the cover pool and subject to 
certain conditions: 
(i) 
voluntarily cancel such mortgages, for reasons other than the payment of the guaranteed loan; 
(ii) 
waive or make any compromises with respect to any amounts due; 
(iii) 
condone in whole or in part the guaranteed loan; 
(iv) 
in general, perform any act that diminishes the ranking, legal effectiveness or economic value 
of the mortgage or loan; or 
(v) 
postpone existing mortgages in its favour as security for loans. 
• 
Assets consisting of credits or loans shall be included in the cover pool and shall serve as collateral for 
the total amount of the principal amount outstanding, regardless of the amount by which they contribute 
to the cover pool. An asset may not belong to two different cover pool and partial inclusion of assets in 
the cover pool is not permitted. 
• 
The liquidity buffer of the cover pool shall be comprised of the assets referred to in article 11 of Royal 
Decree-Law 24/2021 and shall be sufficient to cover the net liquidity outflow of each covered bond 
programme during the following 180 days. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not approved an independent policy for the 
maintenance of a liquidity buffer above the buffer set forth in article 11 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
• 
The covered bond programme shall guarantee that, at all times, the liabilities of the Covered Bonds of 
such programme are covered by the rights linked to the cover pool assets as set forth in Royal Decree-
Law 24/2021. 
The Issuer has defined a general policy to govern the issuance of Covered Bonds, including the policies related 
to the management and monitoring of the cover pool, which was approved by its board of directors (the 
“Policy”). 
 
44 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 215 ---
3037885528 
215 
The Policy applies to the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer in Spain in accordance with Royal Decree-Law 
24/2021 and sets out the general principles that the covered bonds programmes of the Issuer must comply with 
in relation to the issuance, impact and monitoring requirements. 
In particular, the purpose of the Policy is to establish: (i) the governing bodies involved in the approval, 
management, monitoring and control of the covered bond programmes of the Issuer and their relationship with 
the cover pool monitor of the covered bond programmes that the Issuer may have in place from time to time; 
(ii) the general principles and guidelines to be followed (a) for the approval and management of the respective 
covered bond programmes of the Issuer; and (b) in the event of resolution of the Issuer; (iii) the requirements 
that each cover pool must comply with; and (iv) the systems in place for the monitoring of the relevant cover 
pool and the information to be reported during the life of the covered bond programmes of the Issuer. 
The Issuer must ensure that the liabilities of the covered bond programme are backed at all times with eligible 
assets, complying in any case, and at all times, with the applicable legal or contractual overcollateralisation and 
liquidity levels. Compliance with these limits shall be monitored on an ongoing basis.  
Only assets meeting the eligibility conditions of the covered bond programme shall be included in the cover 
pool. Inclusion or exclusion of any assets from the cover pool or adoption of any legal action that may affect 
its effectiveness shall be contingent upon verification of compliance with applicable regulations, following 
authorisation from the cover pool monitor.  
Only assets that can be segregated may be included in the relevant cover pool and the Issuer shall maintain a 
special register of the assets included in the cover pool. The registration of the assets in the special register will 
permit: (a) the identification by the Issuer of all the assets that form part of the cover pool on an individual 
basis; and (b) the allocation of the registered assets to secure the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds 
in accordance with article 6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
The Cover Pool of the covered bond programme will consist of eligible assets with different characteristics, 
including structural features, lifetime or risk profile in the cover pool. The Policy sets out tests and procedures 
aimed at preserving the granularity of the pool of eligible assets. 
Cover pool special register  
Pursuant to article 9 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, the Issuer has to keep a special register where each and 
every loan and, if applicable, the drawn portion of the loans, replacement assets, assets to cover the liquidity 
requirement and derivative instruments, which makes up each cover pool, as well as, if applicable, any collateral 
received in connection with positions in derivative instruments and, if applicable, any rights derived from 
insurance against damages pursuant to article 23.6 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, are recorded. 
Nature and regime of the cover pool 
Pursuant to article 7 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, every covered bond programme must have, at all times, a 
cover pool. The Issuer shall ensure that the cover pool is made up of collateral with different characteristics in 
terms of structure, duration and risk profile. 
For these purposes, the Issuer shall have internal policies and procedures to ensure compliance with this 
principle in the composition of the cover pool portfolio that meet, in particular, the following requirements: 
• 
they must explicitly include internal rules and tests of granularity and concentration, on potential 
maturity, duration and interest rate mismatches and, if applicable, exchange rates; 
• 
they must be approved by the Issuer’s management body; and 
• 
the part of the information on such policies and procedures that is most relevant to the investor must be 
included in the contractual terms and conditions.

--- Page 216 ---
3037885528 
216 
Cover pool monitor of the cover pool of each programme 
The Issuer must, in accordance with article 30 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, designate for each covered bond 
programme a cover pool monitor for each cover pool, which will act at all times in the interest of holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of the cover pool and whose function is to permanently monitor the cover pool 
associated with each covered bonds issue. The cover pool monitor is responsible for, among other things, 
authorising the entry and removal of assets included in the special register for each cover pool. The cover pool 
monitor may be external or internal, and shall be appointed in accordance with the provisions of article 31 of 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Intermoney Agency Services, S.A. was appointed by the Issuer on 4 July 2022 as cover pool monitor of the 
covered bond programme of the Issuer for the issuance of Covered Bonds. Intermoney Agency Services, S.A. 
was appointed for a minimum period of three years, which may be extended by agreement between the parties, 
and is duly authorised by the Bank of Spain to act as cover pool monitor.   
Supervision by the Bank of Spain 
The Bank of Spain will be responsible for the public supervision of covered bond programme. The Bank of 
Spain must provide its authorisation for the constitution of a covered bonds programme and has the power to 
obtain any necessary information, undertake investigative activities and impose such sanctions as may be 
necessary to perform its supervisory function and ensure that the requirements set forth in Royal Decree-Law 
24/2021 are complied with. In this regard, the Issuer shall provide to the Bank of Spain upon request any 
information that the Bank of Spain deems necessary and, at least on a quarterly basis, the information required 
by article 35 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
Order of priority  
The Covered Bonds incorporate the rights of holders of Covered Bonds as creditors against the Issuer and are 
obligations enforceable in accordance with the terms set forth in Law 1/2000, of January 7, on Civil 
Proceedings, in order to claim payment from the Issuer after their maturity. The creditors’ rights of holders of 
Covered Bonds shall extend to the totality of the payment obligations associated with the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of Covered Bonds shall have the status of creditors with special preference provided for in paragraph 
8 of article 1922 and paragraph 6 of article 1923 of the Spanish Civil Code, as opposed to any other creditors 
in relation to the loans and other assets included in the cover pool, the replacement assets and, if applicable, the 
economic flows generated by the derivative instruments and rights derived from insurance against damages, in 
accordance with the provisions of Chapter III, Title XVII, of Book Four of the Spanish Civil Code. 
All holders of Covered Bonds, regardless of their date of issue, will have the same priority over the loans and 
other assets included in the cover pool and, if any, over the replacement assets and economic flows generated 
by the derivative financial instruments linked to the specific issues. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, holders of Covered Bonds will be accorded the special privilege status 
established pursuant to paragraph 7 of article 270 of the Insolvency Law. 
According to article 40.2 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021, neither the insolvency of the Issuer nor the Issuer 
being subject to any resolution procedure shall: 
• 
cause the automatic early termination of the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
affect the Issuer’s obligation to fulfil any of its obligations under the Covered Bonds (without prejudice 
to the provisions of article 42.2 of Law 11/2015); 
• 
entitle any holder of Covered Bonds to require the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds prior the maturity 
date or the extended final maturity date, as applicable;

--- Page 217 ---
3037885528 
217 
• 
result in the suspension of the accrual of interest on the Covered Bonds; or 
• 
result in the termination or early redemption of the derivative contracts included in the cover pool. 
Upon insolvency (“concurso”) or resolution of the Issuer, a special cover pool administrator will be appointed 
by the competent court after consultation with the Bank of Spain from among persons nominated by the Spanish 
Executive Resolution Authority (“Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria”) (the “FROB”) (in the 
event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) or directly by the FROB in consultation with the Bank of Spain 
(in the event of resolution of the Issuer). The special cover pool administrator will preserve the rights and 
interests of the holders of Covered Bonds and will oversee the management (in the event of resolution of the 
Issuer) or will manage (in the event of insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer) the Covered Bonds Programme. 
In addition, upon insolvency (“concurso”) of the Issuer, the assets of the cover pool registered in the special 
register maintained by the Issuer will be materially segregated from the Issuer’s assets and will form a separate 
estate without legal personality, which will be represented by the special cover pool administrator. 
The segregation described above implies that the assets forming part of the cover pool: 
• 
do not form part of the Issuer’s insolvency estate (“masa del concurso”) until the claims of the holders 
of Covered Bonds and the relevant derivative counterparties (if any) and the expenses related to the 
maintenance and management of the separate estate (and, if applicable, to its liquidation) are satisfied; 
and 
• 
are protected against the rights of third parties and therefore cannot be rescinded by application of the 
reinstatement actions provided for in the insolvency legislation, except as provided in article 42.2 of 
Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
The special cover pool administrator shall determine that the assets in the cover pool registered in the special 
register maintained by the Issuer, together with any corresponding liabilities, will be transferred to form separate 
estate from the Issuer without legal personality. 
Once any such asset transfer has been made, if the total value of the assets included in the cover pool exceeds 
the total value of the liabilities in relation to such cover pool plus the legal, contractual or voluntary 
overcollateralisation and liquidity requirements, the special cover pool administrator may decide whether to 
continue with the management of those assets as separate estate without legal personality until their maturity or 
to make a total or partial assignment of such assets to another entity that is an issuer of covered bonds. Any 
such total or partial assignment will constitute a new covered bond programme for such entity, which will 
require the authorisation provided for in article 34 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. The special cover pool 
administrator may determine that it is in the best interests of holders of Covered Bonds for the assets included 
in the cover pool to be sold. This could result in holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a 
different payment schedule than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds or the holders of Covered 
Bonds not receiving payment in full. 
If the total value of the assets is less than the total value of the liabilities plus the legal, contractual or voluntary 
overcollateralisation and the liquidity requirement, the special cover pool administrator will request the 
liquidation of the separate estate following the ordinary bankruptcy procedure in accordance with the provisions 
of article 46 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021. 
In the event that the privileged claim of holders of Covered Bonds cannot be fully settled against the cover pool, 
holders of Covered Bonds will have a claim against the Issuer with the same priority as the other claims of the 
unsecured creditors. If, once the claims of holders of Covered Bonds have been fully settled against the cover 
pool, there is any remainder, it will revert to the insolvency estate of the Issuer.

--- Page 218 ---
3037885528 
218 
For the purposes of this section, the terms below shall have the following definitions: 
“covered bond programme” means the structural characteristics of one or several issues of a type of covered 
bond that are determined by applicable legal regulation and by contractual clauses and conditions, in accordance 
with the permission granted to the issuing entity by the Bank of Spain.; and 
“cover pool” means a pool of clearly defined assets that secure the payment obligations attached to a 
determined covered bond programme and that are segregable from other assets of the issuing entity as provided 
for by Royal Decree-Law 24/2021.

--- Page 219 ---
3037885528 
219 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Securities. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of 
Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Securities. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Also investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Securities, or any person through which an 
investor holds Securities, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Securities in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the tax 
consequences for them of any such appointment. 
Spanish tax considerations  
The following summary describes the main Spanish tax implications arising in connection with the acquisition 
and holding of the Securities by individuals or entities who are the beneficial owners of the Securities. The 
information provided below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain, and it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and does 
not address all the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as look 
through entities or Holders by reason of employment) may be subject to special rules. 
All the tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that the Securities are 
initially registered for clearance and settlement in Iberclear. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences, 
including those under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident, of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of the Securities. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the organisation, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (the “Law 10/2014”), as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and 
developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 
of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”);  
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain who are personal income tax (“PIT”) taxpayers, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November, on the PIT and on the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
Non-Resident Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the “PIT Law”), and Royal Decree 
439/2007, of 30 March, approving the PIT Regulations, as amended (the “PIT Regulations”) by Royal 
Decree 633/2015, of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as amended, Law 
29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended and Law 38/2022, for the 
establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and introducing a 
temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) taxpayers, 
the Law 27/2014 of 27th November (the “CIT Law”), and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, 
promulgating the CIT Regulations, as amended (the “CIT Regulations”); and

--- Page 220 ---
3037885528 
220 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended (“NRIT Law”) Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, 
promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended (“NRIT Regulations”) along with Law 19/1991, of 6 
June, on Wealth Tax as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as 
amended and Law 38/2022, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit 
institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended. 
Tax treatment of the Securities 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Holder, the acquisition and transfer of Securities will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, dated 24 September 1993 and exempt from 
Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, dated 28 December 1992 regulating such tax. 
Unicaja Banco understands that the Securities should be deemed as financial assets with an explicit yield for 
Spanish tax purposes, according to Article 91 of the PIT Regulations and Article 63 of the CIT Regulations. 
Direct taxation 
(a) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Securities constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and must be included in each investor’s 
savings income and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently 19% for taxable income 
up to €6,000; 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 23% for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000; 27% for taxable income between €200,000.01 up to €300,000; and 28% for 
taxable income exceeding €300,000. 
Income from the transfer of the Securities is computed as the difference between their transfer value and 
their acquisition or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into 
account, insofar as adequately evidenced, in calculating the income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Securities, in the event that the investor had acquired 
other homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, 
shall be included in his or her PIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Securities will 
be deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
A (current) 19% withholding on account of PIT will be imposed by Unicaja Banco on interest payments 
as well as on income derived from the redemption or repayment of the Securities, by individual investors 
subject to PIT. 
However, income derived from the transfer of the Securities should not be subject to withholding on 
account of PIT provided that the Securities are: 
(i) registered by way of book entries; and 
(ii) negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario oficial), such as AIAF.

--- Page 221 ---
3037885528 
221 
Notwithstanding the above, 19% withholding tax shall apply on the part of the transfer price that 
corresponds to the accrued interest when the transfer of the Securities takes place within the 30-day 
period prior to the moment in which such interest is due when the following requirements are fulfilled: 
(i) the acquirer would be a non-resident or a CIT taxpayer; 
(ii) the explicit yield derived from the Securities being transferred is exempt from withholding tax. 
In any event, the individual holder may credit the withholding tax applied by Unicaja Banco against his 
or her final PIT liability for the relevant tax year. 
Reporting Obligations 
Unicaja Banco will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect 
to beneficial owners of the Securities that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in 
each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma), individuals with tax residency in Spain would be 
subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions 
provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they 
should take into account the value of the Securities which they hold as of 31 December in each year, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although the final tax rates may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
Notwithstanding the above, the so-called “solidarity tax” was approved in December 2022, which is a 
two-year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applies, under certain conditions, to all tax resident 
individuals. The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by the amount paid for Wealth Tax.  
Nevertheless, based on Royal Decree-Law 8/2023, of 27 December 2023, the temporary application of 
the “solidarity tax” has been extended until the revision of wealth tax in Spanish autonomous regions, 
which would take place in the context of the reform of Spain´s regional financial system, is completed. 
The rates of the “solidarity tax” are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between €3 million and €5 million, (ii) 2.1% 
on a net worth between €5 million and €10 million and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of more than €10 
million. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00 which means 
that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater than €3.7 
million. Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Securities by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. The applicable rates range between 7.65% and 81.6%, although the final 
tax rate may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws. Some tax benefits could reduce the 
effective tax rate. 
(b) 
Spanish tax resident legal entities 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Securities are subject to CIT at the current general flat tax rate of 25%.

--- Page 222 ---
3037885528 
222 
However, this general rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply 
to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30%).  
In addition, on 28 December 2021, Spain enacted Law 22/2021, of the General State Budget for 2022, 
which includes, among other measures, the regulation of a minimum effective tax rate introduced in the 
Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law and the Non-Residents Income Tax Law with effects as of 1 January 
2022 (i.e., the minimum net tax liability is 18 per cent. of the tax base for credit institutions). 
No withholding on account of CIT will be imposed on interest payments or on income derived from the 
redemption or repayment of the Securities, by Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that certain requirements 
are met (including that the Iberclear Members that have the Securities registered in their securities 
account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside 
Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, provide Unicaja Banco, in a timely manner, with a duly 
executed and completed Payment Statement, as defined below). See “—Compliance with Certain 
Requirements in Connection with Income Payments”. 
With regard to income derived from the transfer of the Securities, in accordance with Article 61.q of the 
CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income derived from the Securities obtained by 
Spanish CIT taxpayers (which include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident 
pension funds) provided that the Securities are: 
(i) registered by way of book entries; and 
(ii) negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market, such as AIAF. 
Reporting Obligations 
Unicaja Banco will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect 
to beneficial owners of the Securities that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
are not subject to Spanish Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax but generally must include 
the market value of the Securities in their taxable income for CIT purposes. 
(c) 
Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain 
(i) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, acting in respect of the Securities through 
a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
If the Securities form part of the assets affected to a permanent establishment in Spain of a person 
or legal entity that is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income 
deriving from such Securities are, generally, the same as those set forth above for Spanish CIT 
taxpayers. See “—Spanish tax resident legal entities–Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. 
Ownership of the Securities by investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes will not 
in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.

--- Page 223 ---
3037885528 
223 
Reporting Obligations 
Unicaja Banco will comply with the reporting obligations set forth under Spanish tax laws with 
respect to beneficial owners of the Securities that are individuals or legal entities not resident in 
Spain for tax purposes and that act with respect to the Securities through a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
(ii) 
Investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, not acting in respect of the Securities 
through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Non-resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Both interest payments periodically received under the Securities and income derived from the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Securities, obtained by individuals or entities who are 
not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not act, with respect to the Securities, through 
a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT and therefore no withholding on 
account of NRIT will be levied on such income provided certain requirements are met. See “—
Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income Payments”. 
In order to be eligible for the exemption from NRIT, certain requirements must be met (including 
that, in respect of interest payments from the Securities carried out by Unicaja Banco, the 
Iberclear Members that have the Securities registered in their securities account on behalf of third 
parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have 
an agreement with Iberclear, provide Unicaja Banco, in a timely manner, with a duly executed 
and completed Payment Statement, as defined below), as set forth in Article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007. See “—Compliance with Certain Requirements in Connection with Income 
Payments”. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco in a timely manner in respect of a payment of 
interest under the Securities, Unicaja Banco will withhold Spanish withholding tax at the 
applicable rate (currently 19%) on such payment of income on the Securities and Unicaja Banco 
will not pay additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. 
A beneficial owner who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes and entitled to exemption from 
NRIT, but to whom payment was not exempt from Spanish withholding tax due to a failure on 
the delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco, will receive 
a refund of the amount withheld, with no need for action on the beneficial owner’s part, if Unicaja 
Banco receives a duly executed and completed Payment Statement no later than the tenth calendar 
day of the month immediately following the relevant payment date. 
In addition, beneficial owners of the Securities may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities 
for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set forth in the NRIT 
Law and its regulations. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
According to Wealth Tax regulations, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed €700,000 
would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5% although 
some reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Securities which income is exempt from NRIT as described above.

--- Page 224 ---
3037885528 
224 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to the Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
Individuals that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the rules approved by the 
autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value (i) are located, (ii) can be 
exercised or (iii) must be fulfilled. 
Notwithstanding the above, the so-called “solidarity tax” was approved in December 2022, which 
is a two-year direct wealth tax that applies, in general terms and under certain conditions, to those 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can 
be exercised within the Spanish territory. The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by 
the amount paid for Wealth Tax. 
The rates of the “solidarity tax” are (i) 1.7% on a net worth between €3 million and €5 million, 
(ii) 2.1% on a net worth between €5 million and €10 million and (iii) 3.5% on a net worth of more 
than €10 million. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00 
which means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, 
are greater than €3.7 million. Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional 
advice in this regard. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to the Wealth Tax nor the so-called “solidarity 
tax”. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over 
the Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has 
entered into a double tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant 
double tax treaty. 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax applies, 
applicable Inheritance and Gift Tax rates would range between 7.65% and 81.6%, depending on 
relevant factors. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax according 
to the rules set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, 
prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities 
by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to 
NRIT. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the 
taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
(d) 
Compliance with certain requirements in connection with income payments 
As described under “Spanish tax resident legal entities—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”, “—Individuals and legal entities that are not tax resident in Spain”, provided the 
conditions set forth in Law 10/2014 are met, income payments made by Unicaja Banco in respect of the 
Securities for the benefit of Spanish CIT taxpayers, or for the benefit of non-Spanish tax resident 
investors will not be subject to Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Iberclear Members that have 
the Securities registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that 
manage the clearing systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable,

--- Page 225 ---
3037885528 
225 
provide Unicaja Banco, in a timely manner, with a duly executed and completed statement (a “Payment 
Statement”) (which is attached as Annex I), in accordance with section 4 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007 containing the following information: 
(i) Identification of the Securities. 
(ii) Total amount of the income paid by Unicaja Banco. 
(iii) Amount of the income corresponding to individual residents in Spain that are PIT taxpayers. 
(iv) Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis. 
If the Iberclear Members fail or for any reason are unable to deliver a duly executed and completed 
Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco in a timely manner in respect of a payment of income made by 
Unicaja Banco under the Securities, such payment will be made net of Spanish withholding tax, currently 
at the rate of 19%. If this were to occur, affected beneficial owners will receive a refund of the amount 
withheld, with no need for action on their part, if the Iberclear Members submit a duly executed and 
completed Payment Statement to Unicaja Banco no later than the tenth calendar day of the month 
immediately following the relevant payment date. In addition, beneficial owners may apply directly to 
the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the procedures set 
forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 months or less, the information obligations 
established in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (see above) will have to be complied with upon the 
redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
In respect of Zero Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, if the Spanish tax authorities 
consider that the information obligations established in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 must also 
be complied with for, or that the holder of such notes shall provide the Issuer with a legally required 
certificate issued by the Spanish financial institution or established in Spain that intervenes in their 
reimbursement (accrediting the prior acquisition of the notes and the corresponding acquisition price) or 
a certificate of tax residence issued by the tax authorities of the country of its tax residence if the holder 
of such notes is non-Spanish resident (such certificates currently being valid for a period of one year 
since the date of issuance), the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such notes, adopt the 
necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such information 
obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences and, in particular, the withholding tax 
obligations set forth under the Spanish regulations in relation to the Zero Coupon Notes (including, 
among others, its acquisition, tenancy, repayment, redemption and disposition). 
Prospective investors should note that Unicaja Banco does not accept any responsibility relating 
to the lack of delivery of a duly executed and completed Payment Statement by the Iberclear 
Members in connection with each payment of income under the Securities. Accordingly, Unicaja 
Banco will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner who would 
otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments 
are nonetheless paid net of Spanish withholding tax because the Payment Statement was not duly 
delivered to Unicaja Banco. Moreover, Unicaja Banco will not pay any additional amounts with 
respect to any such withholding tax.

--- Page 226 ---
3037885528 
226 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities (including secondary’ market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and participating Member States may decide not to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Spanish FTT 
The FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021). 
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalization exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved 
in the transaction. 
For the purposes of transactions closed during 2024, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose 
market capitalization exceeded €1 billion as of 1 December 2023, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish 
FTT. The Issuer was included in such list. 
This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Securities since (i) the Spanish FTT only 
applies on the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so while the Securities are not affected by 
such tax; and (ii) transactions in the primary market and initial public offerings are exempt from the Spanish 
FTT. However, it may subject other transactions involving the transfer of ordinary shares in the future depending 
on the market capitalization of the Issuer and other factors.  
As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers in relation to the Spanish FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Unicaja Banco 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction 
of Unicaja Banco) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities,

--- Page 227 ---
3037885528 
227 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payment”. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Securities. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Securities, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.  
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
certificate only. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de 
desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de 
los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
con número de identificación fiscal (   )(1) y domicilio en (   ) en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (   )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (   )(1) and address in (   ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book-entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems domiciled 
in the Spanish territory.

--- Page 228 ---
3037885528 
228 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by Unicaja Banco. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores ........................................................................................................... 
1.1 
Identification of the securities ........................................................................................................... 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ............. 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos 
al descuento o segregados) ............................................................................................................. 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount 
or are segregated) ............................................................................................................................. 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso intervenga 
una Entidad Gestora  ..................................................................................................................... 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved......................... 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su importe 
íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to be 
refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ........................................................................................................... 
2.1 
Identification of the securities ........................................................................................................... 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados)
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) ............. 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados ....................................................................................................................................

--- Page 229 ---
3037885528 
229 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated)........................................................................................................................................ 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de … 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of … 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará constar 
el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de residencia 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall be 
included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 230 ---
3037885528 
230 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Securities may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers.  
If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single dealer 
for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that dealer and any other interest 
of that dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that dealer 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
“Syndicated”, the obligations of those dealers to subscribe the relevant Securities will be joint and several and 
the names and addresses of those dealers and any other interests of any of those dealers which is material to the 
issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those dealers (including whether any of those dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, the 
price at which such Securities will be subscribed by the dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  
Selling Restrictions  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
Spain 
The Securities may not be sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Securities be carried out in 
Spain other than by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the Spanish Securities Market Law 
and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain, and except in compliance with the provisions of 
the Prospectus Regulation and the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that the offers of Securities in Spain have been and will 
only be directed specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as defined in Article 194 
of the Spanish Securities Market Law and Article 58 of Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, and eligible 
counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 196 of the Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK retail investors 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 231 ---
3037885528 
231 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; 
United Kingdom 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year:  
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or  
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Security in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Security in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
The Securities are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Securities, (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Securities comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and such dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities during the distribution

--- Page 232 ---
3037885528 
232 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Securities comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation, and, accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including, without limitation, any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus) or of any other document relating to any Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), 
except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver any Securities or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Securities in Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and any applicable provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, any supplement to the Base Prospectus) or any other document relating to the 
Securities in Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Banking Act”); and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
General 
Each dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by Unicaja Banco to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Securities or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Securities, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 233 ---
3037885528 
233 
MARKET INFORMATION 
Summary of clearing and settlement procedures 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
such as the Securities of Unicaja Banco. 
Iberclear and BME Clearing 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-
entry form, and the settlement of all trades from the Spanish Stock Exchanges, Latibex (the Latin American 
stock exchange denominated in Euro), the Alternative Stock Market (BME Growth), Alternative Fixed Income 
Market (MARF) and AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platforms named ARCO.  
Iberclear is owned by BME Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Financieros, S.A. (“BME”), a holding company controlled by SIX Group, which holds a 100% interest in each 
of the Spanish official secondary markets and settlement systems. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza 
de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two tier registry: the keeping of the central record corresponds 
to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades 
participantes) in Iberclear. 
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) 
the General Administration and the General Social Security Treasury, (v) other duly authorised central securities 
depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and private entities when 
expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the 
balances of the participating entities’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that 
will show the overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts 
opened in the name of the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of 
financial intermediaries which use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in 
turn, maintains the detail records of the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party 
accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
• 
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name; 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or 
• 
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name 
of ARCO (for both equity securities and fixed-income securities as from September 2017), receives the 
settlement instructions from AIAF and forwards them to the relevant participating entities involved in each 
transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions must be settled within 
two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a

--- Page 234 ---
3037885528 
234 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities 
held in their name. 
Market Information in relation to the Securities 
Iberclear settlement of securities traded in AIAF 
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the 
book-entry register of securities traded on AIAF. 
Securities traded in AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Spanish Treasury and Spanish regions, among others, 
represented either in a dematerialised form or by certificates. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days 
after the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous 
transactions (two trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading in AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a “transaction-to-
transaction” cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their participating entities (custodians), a participating 
securities account with Iberclear or their participating entities may hold their investment in the Securities 
through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. with 
participating entities in Iberclear.

--- Page 235 ---
3037885528 
235 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Responsibility statement 
Unicaja Banco and the undersigned, Mr. Pablo González Martín, acting in the name and on behalf of Unicaja 
Banco, in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer (Director Financiero) of Unicaja Banco, and acting under a 
special power of attorney (a) granted by the resolutions of the Board of Directors of Unicaja Banco passed on 
22 March 2024, and (b) described under section II (Otorgamiento de facultades de ejecución) of such 
resolutions, accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declare, to the best 
of their knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
that the Base Prospectus contains no omissions likely to affect its import. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolutions of the Board Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 22 March 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Securities. 
Significant/material change and trend information 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank.  
Since 31 March 2024 there has been no significant change in the financial performance or in the financial 
position of the Group.  
Independent auditors 
The Spanish-language standalone and consolidated annual accounts of the Bank have been audited without 
qualification, modification of opinion, disclaimer or an emphasis of matter for each of the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Auditores, S.L.’s office is at Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B, Torre PwC, 28046 Madrid (Spain) and is registered 
with the Official Registry for Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas (ROAC)) under number S0242. 
Third party information 
Information included in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced, and 
so far as Unicaja Banco is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Approval of financial information 
The 2023 Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Unicaja 
Banco held on 5 April 2024. 
The 2022 Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of Unicaja 
Banco held on 30 March 2023. 
Documents on display 
Electronic copies of the bylaws (estatutos sociales) of Unicaja Banco (as the same may be updated from time 
to time) may be inspected on Unicaja Banco’s website (https://www.unicajabanco.com/en/gobierno-
corporativo-y-politica-de-remuneraciones/gobierno-corporativo-y-politica-de-remuneraciones/estatutos) 45 for 
the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
45 Information contained in this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the 
CNMV.

--- Page 236 ---
3037885528 
236 
For avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the information 
contained on the corporate website of Unicaja Banco does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of Unicaja Banco’s business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
Unicaja Banco’s ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Securities may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions and the issue price of the relevant Securities or the method of determining the price and the process 
for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of 
Securities, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment 
dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on 
an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Listing 
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on AIAF. Notes may be listed 
or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets (either Spanish, 
European or non-European, including regulated markets, multilateral trading facilities or any other organised 
markets) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealers in relation to the Series. The relevant Final Terms 
will state on which stock exchanges and/or markets the relevant Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. No unlisted Securities may be issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer shall procure the admission to trading of the Securities issued under the Programme within a 
maximum period of 30 days from the issue date of the relevant issuance.  
Paying agency 
For Securities listed on AIAF, all payments under the Conditions of the Securities will be carried out directly 
by Unicaja Banco through Iberclear. The corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014 Madrid, 
Spain. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over allot Securities 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf 
of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 237 ---
3037885528 
237 
Conflicts of Interest  
Certain of the dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Securities issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities or may provide 
or arrange financing and other financial services to other companies that may be involved in any proposed 
transaction or a competing transaction, in each case whose interests may conflict with those of the Issuer. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
Certain of the dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Securities issued under the Programme. The dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
In addition, the relevant Final Terms will contain information on the interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issuances. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end 
of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 238 ---
3037885528 
238 
SIGNATURES 
In witness to its knowledge and approval of the contents of this Base Prospectus drawn up according to Annexes 
7 and 15 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, it is hereby signed by Mr. Pablo González 
Martín, acting in the name and on behalf of Unicaja Banco pursuant to the resolutions of the Board of Directors 
of Unicaja Banco passed on 22 March 2024 in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer (Director Financiero) of 
Unicaja Banco, S.A., in Málaga (Spain), on 28 May 2024.

--- Page 239 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF UNICAJA BANCO 
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Avenida de Andalucía 10-12 
29007 Málaga 
Spain 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Unicaja Banco as to Spanish law 
Linklaters, S.L.P 
Calle Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AUDITORS TO UNICAJA BANCO 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
Torre PwC  
28046 Madrid 
Spain