--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
UNICREDIT BANK CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA, A.S. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Czech Republic) 
€10,000,000,000  
Mortgage Covered Bond Programme 
Under this €10,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme (the Programme), UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., with 
its registered office at Prague 4 - Michle, Želetavská 1525/1, Postal Code 14092, Czech Republic, Identification No. 64948242, registered 
with the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, File No. B 3608, LEI: KR6LSKV3BTSJRD41IF75 (the Issuer) 
may from time to time issue mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) in accordance with Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., 
Act on Bonds, as amended (the Czech Bonds Act), Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III (the Mortgage Covered Bonds) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). This prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Base Prospectus) issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form (the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Mortgage Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in relation to the nominal amount of any Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) will 
not exceed €10,000,000,000, subject to increase as described herein. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under section General Description 
of the Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the 
Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe such Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
An investment in Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
section Risk Factors. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg (the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative 
aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the Luxembourg Law). Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval in relation 
to Mortgage Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) 
or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can 
have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or offered to the public in the EEA other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 12 October 2024.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
issue price of Mortgage Covered Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under section Terms 
and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) 
which, with respect to all Mortgage Covered Bonds will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of this Base Prospectus and Final Terms in relation 
to Mortgage Covered Bonds to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
The Programme provides that Mortgage Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and/or Mortgage Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. 
Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody’s or the Rating Agency) is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The Issuer may issue Mortgage Covered Bonds rated by Moody’s, rated by another rating agency or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Mortgage Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be offered,

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See section Form of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for a description of the manner in which Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued. The Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer, see section Subscription and Sale.  
Arranger 
 
UniCredit 
Dealers 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
UniCredit  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 October 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus for each Tranche of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. No other person 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information given in this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto. This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see section Documents Incorporated by 
Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated 
and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than the relevant parts of the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section 
Documents Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Mortgage Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
should purchase any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Mortgage Covered Bonds constitutes an offer, solicitation of 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Mortgage Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Dealers (also in their capacity as green or ESG (as defined below) structuring agent), any of their 
affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of any sustainability bond 
framework or any eligible sustainable projects (including the Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below)), 
any verification of whether such eligible sustainable projects meet the criteria set out in such sustainability bond 
framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the impact the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, including Mortgage Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; 
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are transferred or other 
jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser’s advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(vii) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are legal investments for it; (2) Mortgage Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRIIPS Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. No 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
UK Retail Investors 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor or in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled MiFID II Product 
Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product 
Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Important Information Relating to Tax Regime of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
This Base Prospectus describes in summary form certain Czech tax implications in connection with an investment 
in the Mortgage Covered Bonds (see Risk Factors – Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the 
Czech Republic, Risk Factors – Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax 
Relief and Taxation). Investors must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to 
ensure correct tax treatment of their Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (IFRS) (the Alternative Performance Measures) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative 
to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors’ understanding of the 
Issuer's financial information by providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to 
help evaluate the Issuer’s financial leverage and operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not 
believe to be indicative of ongoing business performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors 
can better evaluate and analyse historical and future business trends on a consistent basis. Definitions of these 
Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar definitions used by other companies and are 
not a substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. 
Benchmark Register 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (as defined below) will be calculated by 
reference, among other things, to Constant Maturity Swap (CMS), which is currently provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (IBA), to EURIBOR, which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI), to PRIBOR, which is currently provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility (CFBF), to SONIA®, 
which is currently provided by the Bank of England, to SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, to €STR®, which is provided by the European Central Bank or other indices which 
are deemed “benchmarks” for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SONIA®, SOFR® 
and €STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI and CFBF are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, while IBA does not appear on such register. 
ESG Ratings 
The Issuer’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, among others, 
through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings (ESG ratings).  
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial 
performance, or any future ability to service the Mortgage Covered Bonds and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more 
information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant 
ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus). 
Important Information Relating to the Use of this Base Prospectus and Offers of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds Generally 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Mortgage Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Mortgage Covered Bonds may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including the Czech Republic), 
the United Kingdom and Japan (see section Subscription and Sale). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds with a 
denomination of at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or, where Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR1,000 (or, if the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), i.e. only 
in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus. As a result, any offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant 
Member State) must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or intending to 
make an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in that Relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Presentation of Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer and the Group 
has been derived from the Issuer’s unaudited interim consolidated financial statements as of and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023 (with comparatives as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022), together with the related 
notes (the Interim Financial Statements), the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 (with comparatives as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021), together with 
the related notes (the 2022 Financial Statements), and the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (with comparatives as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020), 
together with the related notes (the 2021 Financial Statements, and together with the 2022 Financial Statements, 
the Annual Financial Statements, and the Annual Financial Statements together with the Interim Financial 
Statements, the Financial Statements). The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December and references in this 
Base Prospectus to any specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The 
Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes thereto and the independent 
auditors’ reports thereon. The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) and the Interim Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34). 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
U.S. dollars, U.S. $ and $ refer to United States dollars, the currency of the United States of America; 
Czech Koruna and CZK refer to Czech Koruna, the currency of the Czech Republic; and 
EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
The definitions for the capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus can be found using the Index of the defined 
terms beginning on page 377 of this Base Prospectus. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Mortgage Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Mortgage Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any loss resulting from over-allotment and stabilisation shall be borne, and any net profit arising therefrom 
shall be retained, as against the Issuer, by any Stabilising Manager for its own account.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 55 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................................. 57 
FORM OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS .......................................................................................... 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND RELATED INFORMATION
 .............................................................................................................................................................................. 59 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 60 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (GERMAN LANGUAGE 
VERSION) ........................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Option I: Emissionsbedingungen für Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen ..................................... 62 
Option II: Emissionsbedingungen für Variable Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen........................... 92 
Option III: Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen ......................................... 134 
III. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (ENGLISH LANGUAGE 
VERSION) ......................................................................................................................................................... 158 
Option I: Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds .......................................... 158 
Option II: Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds ..................................... 186 
Option III: Terms and Conditions of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds .................................... 225 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CZECH AND SLOVAK LEGISLATION RELATING TO MORTGAGE 
COVERED BONDS ........................................................................................................................................... 266 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE REGULATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC............................................................................ 283 
THE COVER POOL .......................................................................................................................................... 285 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 292 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 295 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 300 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ............................................................................................................. 318 
RISK MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 325 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ............................................................................................................. 334 
BANKING REGULATION ............................................................................................................................... 339 
MORTGAGE LOANS AND THEIR REGULATORY FRAMEWORK .......................................................... 349 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 358 
1. Disclosure of information in connection with payments .................................................................. 358 
2. Taxation in the Czech Republic ....................................................................................................... 359 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 367 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 371 
INDEX ................................................................................................................................................................ 375

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended (the Delegated Prospectus Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in section Form of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and section Terms and Conditions 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and, if not defined therein, in other parts of this Base Prospectus, shall have the 
same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These 
risk factors are set out under section Risk Factors below and 
include: 
 
(a) 
Risks relating to treatment of the Cover Pool (as defined 
below) in insolvency of the Issuer – including, in 
particular, a risks associated with over-indebted Covered 
Block (as defined below) and the principle of dual 
recourse; 
 
(b) 
currency risk – the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool will 
primarily be denominated in Czech Koruna; 
 
(c) 
risks relating to the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme; 
 
(d) 
risks relating to the Czech and Slovak mortgage market 
and certain other market risks;  
 
(e) 
risks relating to social, political and economic 
developments in the Czech Republic and Slovakia; 
 
(f) 
risks relating to changes and developments in laws and 
regulation in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and the EU; 
 
(g) 
risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in 
the Czech Republic; and 
 
(h) 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Description: 
Mortgage Covered Bond (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní list) 
Programme 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds denominated in a currency 
in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see section Subscription and Sale) including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent (see section Subscription and Sale). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Asset Monitor: 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. will act as asset monitor pursuant to the terms 
of an asset monitor agreement. The Asset Monitor will be required 
to carry out agreed upon procedures as defined in the asset monitor 
agreement in relation to the checks and calculations performed by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (see section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds below) and the 
Conditions (see section Issuer Covenants and section The Cover 
Pool below). 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Mortgage Covered 
Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in 
relation to the nominal amount of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) is 
€10,000,000,000 outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully paid basis and 
at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. 
Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
(CBF) and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., (or any 
successor thereto) and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series) (the ISDA Definitions); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at 
a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons, illegality or invalidity or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving 
notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see section Certain Restrictions above. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Extended Maturity 
Date will apply to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
As regards redemption of Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer or an involuntary 
covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých 
bloků) fails, not at its discretion, to redeem the relevant Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two 
Business Days thereafter) or if any other relevant circumstance set 
out in the Conditions occurs, the maturity of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds not redeemed will 
automatically extend on a monthly basis up to, but not later than, 
the Extended Maturity Date. In that event the Issuer may redeem 
all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
 
As regards interest on Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter) or if any other relevant 
circumstance set out in the Conditions occurs, the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds from (and including) 
the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the date on which 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended 
Maturity Date and will be payable in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date in 
arrear or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms 
on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at the rate 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
In the case of a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, those Mortgage Covered 
Bonds may for the purposes of the Programme be: 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of the period from 
the Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of the period from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Denomination of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Mortgage Covered Bond will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see section Certain Restrictions 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage 
Covered Bond will be EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) or, where it is a Mortgage Covered Bond to be admitted 
to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR1,000 (or, if the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
As specified in the applicable Terms and Conditions, all payments 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made after 
deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
governmental charges imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, to the 
extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. In the 
event that any such deduction or withholding is made, the Issuer 
may or may not be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted or withheld as provided in § 6 of the Terms 
and Conditions.  
 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
made subject to any deduction or withholding required by FATCA, 
as provided in § 6 (2) of the Terms and Conditions and no 
additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will not contain a 
negative pledge provision. 
Contractual Asset Cover Test: 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset 
Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst 
such breach is continuing the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover 
Pool.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Status of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 
28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
 
The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds are all instruments and/or 
securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage covered bonds pursuant 
to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act, 
whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and 
whether issued under the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds), under the Local Bond Programmes, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which 
are then outstanding (the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which 
definition includes the Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, then outstanding and benefiting from the same 
Cover Pool and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided the same priority as such Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. 
 
The obligations of the Issuer arising from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds can be repaid and satisfied from any assets forming the 
respective Cover Pool of the Issuer. Although the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in 
any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, the Czech 
Insolvency Act provides for a special regime in respect of the 
obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (including Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme) issued by the Issuer (see further section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage 
Covered Bonds). 
 
Each Mortgage Covered Bond will bear the designation “hypoteční 
zástavní list” to be recognised as such under the Czech Bonds Act, 
the CNB Decree and the Czech Insolvency Act. 
Issuer’s other programmes: 
In addition to the Programme, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has a (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic 
bond programme for the issuance of both: (i) mortgage covered 
bonds under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds); and (ii) other bonds issued under 
Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act; the Issuer has 
an inactive (second) CZK20,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds under Czech 
law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, 
Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Decree of the CNB No. 
164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, Vyhláška České národní 
banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing 
certain provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Decree (the Previous CNB Decree) (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds); the Issuer, 
acting through its branch in Slovakia, has an inactive 
EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond programme for the issuance of 
(i) mortgage covered bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) 
under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 14 et 
seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended 
(the Slovak Bonds Act) as well as the requirements of Section 28 
et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under 
Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act (the Local 
Bond Programmes). 
 
All Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme, Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Local Bond Programmes and any other Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued by the Issuer and, in each case, which are then 
outstanding: (i) have, and will have, the benefit of a statutory 
priority under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the 
Czech Insolvency Act over a single Cover Pool maintained by the 
Issuer; and (ii) constitute and will constitute unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided the same priority as Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. 
Issuer Covenants: 
The Issuer covenants in favour of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in connection with the value and maintenance of the 
Cover Pool and its compliance with certain other key obligations 
imposed on it under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the 
Slovak Banking Act (see section General Description of Czech and 
Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
section The Cover Pool). 
 
In addition, the Issuer also covenants, amongst other things, to 
ensure that it does not breach the Statutory Tests and the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test (see section The Cover Pool – 
Statutory Tests and section The Cover Pool – Contractual Asset 
Cover Test). 
 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (as to which 
see further section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds), the Issuer may 
create, at its sole discretion and subject to the Statutory Tests and 
the Contractual Cover Test, one Cover Pool or multiple Cover 
Pools, in which case the Issuer has to specify which Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (or other Czech covered bonds issued by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) should be 
covered by each Cover Pool. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer has only one Cover Pool, which provides cover for all 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, all holders of Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer and then outstanding 
(regardless of whether they are Mortgage Covered Bonds issued

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
under the Programme or mortgage covered bonds issued under the 
Local Bond Programmes or on a standalone basis or otherwise) 
will all have the benefit of the same Cover Pool. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has updated one 
of its Czech Local Bond Programmes and may, in the future, also 
update the other Local Bond Programmes under which it has 
issued, and may issue further, Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may also operate further programmes for the issuance 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than this Programme 
and the Local Bond Programmes) in the future or it may also issue 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds on a standalone basis. Therefore, 
the Cover Pool must be maintained in a way that satisfies and 
complies with the terms and conditions and legal requirements 
applicable to all Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
 
Assets included in the Cover Pool may not, according to the Czech 
Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (as to which see further section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to 
Mortgage Covered Bonds), be transferred, pledged or otherwise 
used as a collateral. 
 
In addition, the Issuer covenants that assets included in the Cover 
Pool satisfy all of the Statutory Eligibility Criteria (see section The 
Cover Pool – Composition of Assets – Contractual Eligibility 
Criteria for Eligible Assets (the Statutory Eligibility Criteria)) 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (see section The Cover Pool 
– Composition of Assets – Contractual Eligibility Criteria for 
Eligible Assets). 
Rating: 
The Issuer may issue Mortgage Covered Bonds rated by Moody’s, 
rated by other rating agency or unrated. Where a Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as 
the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Moody’s appends long-term obligation ratings at the following 
levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca and C. To each generic 
rating category from Aa to Caa Moody’s assigns the numerical 
modifiers “1”, “2” and “3”. The modifier “1” indicates that the 
bank is in the higher end of its letter-rating category, the modifier 
“2” indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier “3” indicates 
that the bank is in the lower end of its letter-rating category. 
Moody’s also has the option of adding further guidance (referred 
to as “under review”) as to whether a rating is likely to be upgraded 
(possible upgrade), downgraded (possible downgrade) or uncertain 
(direction uncertain). Outlooks are assigned indicating the 
direction of any pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, 
stable and developing. Moody’s short-term ratings are opinions of 
the ability of issuers to honour short-term financial obligations and 
range from P-1, P-2, P-3 down to NP (Not Prime).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Approval, Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Mortgage Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
Subject to the principles set out below in section Czech Law 
applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law. 
Czech Law applicable to the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, German law, will be subject to 
and will benefit from those provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, the 
CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions 
of Czech law applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered Bonds will need 
to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of 
the Czech Bonds Act and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will 
be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech 
Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the 
Covered Blocks in the case of insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including the Czech 
Republic), the United Kingdom, Japan and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, see section 
Subscription and Sale. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Mortgage Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of 
risks which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such risks or to determine which risks are most 
likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risks and certain risks which it currently deems not 
to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer 
has identified in this Base Prospectus the following factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
or ability to make payments due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In addition, factors which have been identified as material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described in the list below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in the individual categories depending on their nature with the most material risk 
factor presented first in each category. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer are presented in the following categories depending on their nature with the 
most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks related to the external conditions under which the Issuer conducts its business;  
• 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business; 
• 
Risks related to the regulatory environment; 
• 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Cover Pool; and 
• 
Risk relating to the Issuer’s insolvency. 
Risks related to the external conditions under which the Issuer conducts its business  
Risks related to the overall economic conditions in Europe 
The financial strength and profitability of the Issuer’s business could be adversely affected by worsening 
conditions in the global financial markets and global economy, particularly in the European Union (the EU), 
including the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Such a potential economic and financial downturn may be caused by 
various factors including, among others, investors’ sentiment, interest rates levels, inflation development, the 
availability and cost of credit, the liquidity on the global financial markets, the rising energy costs (for more details 
please see Social, economic or political developments in the Czech Republic or Slovakia could adversely affect 
the Issuer), the Invasion of Ukraine (as defined below) (for more details please see Risks related to the war in 
Ukraine) and the volatility of equity prices.  
All of these factors are able to significantly affect investors’ appetite for bank financing and customers’ ability to 
service and/or refinance their outstanding debt. There are many possible scenarios that investors should be aware 
of, for example (i) an economic downturn could adversely affect the quality of the Issuer’s on-balance sheet and 
off-balance sheet assets and consequently lead to higher loan loss provisions, goodwill impairments and as such 
to a lower profitability of the Issuer, (ii) the unfavourable market sentiment could cause the Issuer to incur mark-
to-market losses in its trading portfolios or (iii) a prolonged market downturn could have a negative impact on the 
fees the Issuer earns for managing clients’ assets and, similarly, on the in-flows of assets under management. 
Additionally, significantly higher interest rates could adversely affect the long-term funding facilities.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
If the economic or political conditions deteriorate due to, among other things, concerns over the European 
economy, a slow-down of economic growth or a return of the European sovereign debt crisis, the resulting market 
disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
Also, the outbreak of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) in late 2019 and its development into a global 
pandemic may continue to have major economic consequences for the EU economy. Even though the EU is 
recovering from the initial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which damped economic activity and eroded 
financial conditions across Europe, and the gross domestic product (GDP) of European countries grew in 2021, 
there can be no guarantee that the COVID-19 pandemic or another unforeseen pandemic will not deteriorate and 
return to the scale experienced in the year 2020 and 2021. The following table shows the GDP growth of selected 
European countries in the years 2022, 2021 and 2020.1 
 
Country 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
(in per cent.) 
Czech Republic .......................................................................................  
2.5 
3.6 
-5.8 
Slovakia ...................................................................................................  
1.7 
4.9 
-3.3 
Germany ..................................................................................................  
1.8 
2.6 
-3.7 
Italy .........................................................................................................  
3.7 
7.8 
-9.0 
France ......................................................................................................  
2.5 
6.4 
-7.5 
Spain ........................................................................................................  
5.5 
5.5 
-11.3 
Austria .....................................................................................................  
4.9 
4.6 
-6.5 
Besides that, there can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future. If 
such pandemics or outbreaks occur in the future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects as the COVID-
19 pandemic, and could result in similar or further adverse effects on the EU economy. 
Any of these developments and the increased political and economic uncertainty accompanying them have had 
and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the European and global economy and financial sector. 
Instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets may reduce the overall market liquidity which may 
in extreme circumstances lead to a credit crunch and severe financial distress of key market participants. Overall, 
the economic outlook continues to be subject to a number of risks and, hence, may prove to cause increased market 
volatility together with detrimental fluctuations in asset values or currency exchange rates or result in the European 
market sliding back into a recession. 
Risks related to the war in Ukraine  
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up along the border of Ukraine escalated tensions between Russia 
and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. On 24 February 2022, Russia commenced a full-scale military 
invasion of Ukraine (the Invasion of Ukraine), which continues to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Following the Invasion of Ukraine, the EU, the United States, the UK, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Australia and 
some other countries announced a broad array of sanctions (including, among others, asset freezes, travel 
restrictions, restriction on access to EU capital markets, restrictions on imports and exports and SWIFT ban for 
certain Russian and Belarusian banks) many of which have since been implemented.  
The Issuer has reviewed its portfolios to identify assets with direct exposure to Ukraine and/or Russia and 
concluded that direct exposure is limited. As of 30 June 2023, the direct exposure amounted to CZK 1,289 million 
(CZK 1,377 million as of 31 December 2022), which represented 0.23 per cent. (0.26 per cent. as of 31 December 
2022) of the Issuer’s total customers on-balance exposure. In addition to direct exposures, the Issuer also identified 
the assets that are most affected by the various impacts of the current geopolitical situation (e.g. high energy 
prices, disrupted supply chains, sanctions, etc.) and analysed the potential for risk realization in individual cases. 
High-risk indirect exposures have been classified in stage 2 or stage 3. As of 30 June 2023, these high-risk indirect 
exposures amounted to CZK 483 million (CZK 507 million as of 31 December 2022), which represented 0.1 per 
cent. (0.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the Issuer’s total customers on-balance exposure. As of 30 June 
2023, the cumulated loan loss provision allocated to such direct and high-risk indirect exposures amounted to 
CZK 178 million (CZK 302 million as of 31 December 2022). The Invasion of Ukraine may, however, have an 
 
1 Source: Eurostat data available at: ec.europa.eu.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
indirect impact on the Issuer’s operations by affecting the Czech and Slovak economy and financial markets due 
to, among other things, imposition of sanctions and the effects of the war, including price volatility, increased 
inflation and problems related to a significant inflow of Ukraine’s refugees. 
The Invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions imposed on Russia also accelerated the trend of rapidly 
rising commodity prices when many EU countries had to tackle their dependence on Russia for oil and gas 
supplies. Even though the EU as a whole largely replaced Russian gas with imports from other countries, the 
Invasion of Ukraine has brought about a considerable uncertainty for the future, in particular with regards to 
energy and food prices, and continues to pose a major risk for the economic growth in many EU countries. 
Therefore, depending on the future development of the Invasion of Ukraine, it is not possible to exclude negative 
effects with respect to the Issuer. A potential slowdown in economic growth caused by the Invasion of Ukraine 
might affect the Issuer’s lending activity and the quality of its loan portfolio. A significant and permanent 
weakening of the CZK vis-a-vis foreign currencies might increase the Issuer’s exposure to the foreign exchange 
and currency risks (for more details please see The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange and currency risks). It 
may also lead to an increase in funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in the capital markets. 
The realisation of any of these and other risks may have material adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Social, economic or political developments in the Czech Republic or Slovakia could adversely affect the Issuer 
The Issuer’s operations in the Czech Republic and Slovakia are exposed to a wide range of risks arising from 
currency fluctuations, regulatory changes, level of inflation, deflation, economic recession, local market 
disruption, social unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates, 
changes in tax policy, levels of economic growth and other similar factors. The adverse effects of these factors 
could lead to an increase in defaults by the Issuer’s customers resulting in a deterioration of the Issuer’s earnings. 
Political developments or changes in the fiscal policy in the Czech Republic or Slovakia could have an adverse 
effect on the overall economic and political stability of these countries. As substantially all of the Issuer’s business 
is conducted in the Czech Republic and Slovakia and the majority of the Issuer’s operating income is generated 
in the Czech Republic, the Issuer is particularly exposed to the macroeconomic or other factors that may affect 
growth in the Czech and Slovak banking markets and the credit-worthiness of Czech and Slovak retail and 
corporate customers. There can be no assurance that any political or economic instability will not occur in the 
Czech Republic or Slovakia or that any such instability will not adversely affect the Issuer’s business. Any of 
these developments or a sovereign downgrade of the Czech Republic’s or Slovakia’s rating, a decrease in the 
amount of customers or a decline in the credit worthiness of these customers could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Also, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Czech economy is affected by a high level of inflation. According 
to the Czech Statistical Office, the year-on-year inflation level reached 11.1 per cent. in May 2023.2 Based on the 
Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic published in April 20233, annual 
consumer price inflation could already remain within the upper half of the tolerance band of the CNB’s inflation 
target throughout 2024. The average inflation rate could thus reach 10.9 per cent. this year and fall to 2.4 per. cent 
in 2024. Based on the forecast of the Czech National Bank (the CNB) published on 3 May 2023, the year-on-year 
level of inflation is expected to reach 11.2 per cent. in 2023 and 2.1 per cent. in 2024.4 However, there is still a 
risk that the Czech economy will not avoid a recession (the effects of which could be strengthen further for 
example due to further and repeated deterioration of the COVID-19 pandemic or due to effects of the Invasion of 
Ukraine) which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects.  
Prior to the Invasion of Ukraine, the Czech Republic as well as Slovakia were almost entirely dependent on 
Russian gas, which, according to the information published by the Czech Ministry of Industry and Trade in 2021 
represented approximately 97 per cent. of the Czech Republic’s total gas imports in 2021 (approximately 90 per 
cent. of total gas import of Slovakia in 2021). This was reduced to approximately 3 per cent. in 2022 and 
subsequently fell to zero in January 2023 when Russian gas was entirely replaced by supplies from Norway and 
liquefied natural gas (LNG) from terminals in the Netherlands and Belgium. Although the Czech Republic and 
 
2 Source: Information published by the Czech Statistical Office available at: https://www.czso.cz/csu/czso/ari/consumer-price-indices-
inflation-may-2023 
3 Source: Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic available at: https://www.mfcr.cz/en/statistics/macroeconomic-
forecast/2023/macroeconomic-forecast-april-2023-50911 
4 Source: Forecast of the CNB available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/monetary-policy/forecast/

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
its gas storage capacity proved to be well-positioned to navigate the 2022 – 2023 heating season, uncertainty 
around the 2023 – 2024 heating season still persists given the need to replenish the storage capacity and the 
possibility of reduced availability of alternatives sources of gas in case the on-going construction of LNG 
terminals in Germany and Poland does not progress as planned. However, such an abrupt re-orientation from 
Russian gas to alternative sources of gas has inevitably had a severe impact on Czech and Slovak businesses and 
households as rising energy prices contributed materially to the high inflation rate and the government emergency 
support measures implemented in response to the energy crisis deepened the budget deficits of these countries. 
Secondly, the Invasion of Ukraine has caused a number of Ukrainian citizens to seek refuge in the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia. According to the United Nations Refugee Agency, almost 530,000 Ukrainians applied for asylum, 
temporary protection or similar national protection in the Czech Republic (almost 120,000 Ukrainians in 
Slovakia).5 Such a large number of refugees may put a strain on public services and may lead to increased 
government spending, further deepening the budget deficit.  
Consumer prices in Slovakia recorded a sharp increase during 2022, growing by 12.8 per cent. year-on-year on 
average.6 This is the highest value since 1993. In May 2023, inflation fell to 11.9 per cent., the same level as in 
April 2022. On a month-on-month basis, consumer prices of goods and services even fell by 0.1 per cent., the first 
time since December 2020. The slowdown in inflation in May was mainly due to the reintroduction of school and 
nursery lunch subsidies, which made all meals significantly cheaper. The decline in fuel prices accelerated, which 
fell by almost 15 per cent. year-on-year. Food prices fell to 22 per cent. and housing, energy and services prices 
to 11 per cent., the lowest since January 2022.7 Notwithstanding the positive development observed in Slovakia 
since the beginning of the year, should any of the above-described factors (including in particular the Invasion of 
Ukraine) escalate further, the economic situation in Slovakia may deteriorate again as a result. 
On 17 February 2023, Fitch Credit Ratings Agency affirmed Slovakia’s long-term foreign-currency issuer default 
rating at ‘A’, with negative outlook.8 On 29 May 2023, Moody’s affirmed Aa3 rating of the Czech with negative 
outlook. As to the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a fair amount of uncertainty about future developments as 
the Invasion of Ukraine heightens risks to growth and inflation, and to a lesser extent, to public and external 
finances of Slovakia and the Czech Republic, whereby giving rise to a risk that the rating, which was, in case of 
Slovakia, affirmed shortly after the Invasion of Ukraine began, may be revisited and amended. A recession of the 
Czech or Slovak economy could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer depends on credit conditions in the client sector 
A major share of the Issuer’s operating income consists of its net interest income, which, in turn, consists, for the 
most part, of net income from customer loan credit conditions and of interest income from debt securities. The 
net interest income of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2023 was CZK 7.5 billion (for the six months 
ended 30 June 2022: CZK 7.7 billion) and for the year ended 31 December 2022 it was CZK 14.6 billion (for the 
year ended 31 December 2021: CZK 13.0 billion). Credit conditions in the client sector largely depend on factors 
beyond the Issuer’s control, such as the overall economic output and macroeconomic situation in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia or regulation conducted by Czech, Slovak and/or European policy makers, the CNB, the 
National Bank of Slovakia (the NBS) and the European Central Bank (the ECB). Although the Issuer applies a 
conservative business model and credit policy, any deterioration of credit conditions in the client sector or part 
thereof could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer competes against several large international financial institutions and may face increased 
competition from less established banks or new entrants 
As banking and financial services markets in Central and Eastern Europe (the CEE), and in the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia in particular, are becoming increasingly saturated, the Issuer may experience increased competition 
from both global financial institutions and local competitors, which may lead to reductions in interest rate margins, 
pricing of loans and other products, fee and commission income and business volumes, as well as increased costs 
of deposits and other funding. Currently, the Czech and Slovak banking markets are highly concentrated. Although 
 
5 Source: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees statistics July 2023 available at: https://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/ukraine  
6 Statistical Office of the Slovak Republic. Inflation - consumer price indices for 2022. Published on 13 January 2023. Available at: 
https://bit.ly/3V44TcH. 
7 Statistical Office of the Slovak Republic. Inflation - consumer price indices for May 2023. Published on 13 January 2023. Available at: 
https://bit.ly/3V442Pivk. 
8 Source: Fitch Credit Ratings Agency available at: https://www.fitchratings.com/entity/slovakia-80442238

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
there are only a few competitors comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face 
increased competition from less established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more 
attractive interest or deposit rates or other aggressively priced products to penetrate the market. The Czech and 
Slovak banking markets continue to see the emergence of low-cost banks primarily focused on providing internet-
based banking services. 
In addition, the year of 2021 marked a consolidation trend in the Czech banking sector, including (i) the acquisition 
of Equa Bank a.s. by Raiffeisen Bank International AG (through Raiffeisenbank a.s.), which closed on 1 July 
2021, (ii) the re-contracting of retail customers of ING Bank N.V. by Raiffeisenbank a.s., (iii) and the acquisition 
of Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot hypoteční banka a.s. by MONETA Money Bank, a.s. This 
trend was initially expected to carry forward into the year 2022, when the proposed acquisition of Air Bank, Czech 
and Slovak Home Credit and Benxy, PPF Group’s banking and consumer lending companies by MONETA 
Money Bank, a.s. was expected to take place, however the transaction was ultimately called off in May 2022. In 
September 2022, Banka CREDITAS a.s. finalised the acquisition of Expobank CZ (renamed to Max banka a.s. in 
October 2022). In April 2023, Česká Spořitelna, Erste Group’s subsidiary in the Czech Republic, has completed 
the purchase of the loan portfolio of Sberbank CZ. 
Another trend in the banking market is to reduce the use of intermediaries. Financial service providers seek to 
limit or remove intermediaries (such as brokers, independent agents and physical branches) because of the more 
diverse opportunities in new technologies that replace or reduce the need to use intermediaries. This tendency 
promotes the use of peer-to-peer lending, global payment schemes and other alternative service providers, and it 
is likely to create new competitors that may have different business models allowing them to compete even more 
aggressively on price and fees. 
New competitors in the market may also offer jobs to the Issuer’s employees and thus potentially cause the Issuer 
to lose talent, which may force the Issuer to create better conditions to retain its employees to mitigate this impact, 
thus potentially significantly increasing the personnel costs of the Issuer. 
In addition, the competition landscape in the payments market has been affected by Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market (the 
PSD2), which entered into force on 13 January 2018 and which aims to further develop the integrated internal 
market for electronic payments within the EU. Under the PSD2, among other things, banks are required to grant 
access to a customer’s online account and payment services to third-party providers. This enables customers to 
choose these providers instead of the bank maintaining their account for so-called (i) account information services, 
for example the display of information regarding one or more bank accounts maintained with one or more banks, 
providing to customers better overview of their financial position, and (ii) payment initiation services, that is 
initiation of electronic payments between bank accounts, for example to a merchant. Although the initial response 
of the market to the PSD2’s implementation has been slow, the spread of PSD2-compliant services may result in 
increased competition in the payments markets. This could negatively affect the market share and the related 
transaction fees of banks, including the Issuer, in this market. 
The Issuer’s ability to compete effectively will depend on the ability of its businesses to adapt quickly to these 
new market and industry trends, including product offerings, customer behaviour and legal developments, such 
as the adoption of the PSD2. The Issuer continuously monitors its business in order to adapt to such trends, but 
various factors could adversely impact the implementation of such business initiatives, including failure to identify 
new products or customer demands in time or at all, misinterpretation of anticipated trends, flawed assumptions 
underlying such initiatives or unsuccessful execution of implementation measures. If the Issuer fails to compete 
effectively with either local competitors, large international financial institutions or new financial services 
providers entering the market as a result of, among other things, the PSD2, it may have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates and interest spread risk 
Like most commercial banks, the Issuer earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and lenders. Banks, including the Issuer, usually make loans at interest rates that are different from the 
interest rates paid on deposits and borrowed funds. If the Issuer’s interest spread, i.e., the difference between the 
rate of interest that the Issuer pays on funds from depositors and lenders and the rate of interest that it charges on 
loans it grants to its customers, decreases, its net interest income will also decrease, unless the Issuer is able to

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
compensate by increasing the total amount of funds it lends to customers. A decrease in rates charged to customers 
will often have a negative effect on the interest spread, particularly when interest rates on deposit accounts are 
already very low, because the bank has little ability to make a corresponding reduction in the interest it pays to 
depositors and lenders. 
Furthermore, an increase in rates charged to customers can also negatively impact interest income if it reduces the 
amount of customer borrowings. A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Issuer through, 
among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits. Interest 
rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies implemented by the 
ECB and the CNB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central banks' interest 
rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, large decreases in interest rates can 
be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and continued low interest rates will make 
it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest rates could lead to the situation in which 
some borrowers become unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion of non-performing loans. 
The two-week repo rate effective from 23 June 2022 is currently 7.0 per cent. At its most recent monetary policy 
meeting held on 27 September 2023, the CNB Bank Board kept the two-week repo rate unchanged. However, 
there is still a risk that interest rates will increase if the inflationary pressures persist. 
Deposits usually have shorter maturities than loans and, therefore, can adjust to changing interest rates faster than 
loans. Accordingly, interest rates paid by banks, including the Issuer, on shorter term deposits tend to increase 
faster than the rates banks can earn from their loans. As a result of this mismatch between loans and deposits, 
a decrease in, or instability of, the interest rates charged on loans may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s net 
interest income. In addition, for competitive reasons, the Issuer may also choose to raise the rates of interest it 
pays on deposits without being able to make a corresponding increase in the interest rates it charges to its 
customers or re-price the securities portfolio at the same time. If the Issuer is unable for any reason to re-price or 
adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in an 
expedited or an effective manner as a result of economic or other reasons, the Issuer’s interest income margins 
would be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Issuer require it to obtain licences from the CNB, the NBS 
and other Czech or Slovak authorities. A large majority of the Issuer’s business depends on its banking licence 
granted by the CNB. If the Issuer loses its general banking licence, it will be unable to perform any banking 
operations, especially in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Although the Issuer believes that it has the necessary 
licences for its banking and other operations and that it is currently in compliance with its existing material licence 
and reporting obligations, there is no assurance that it will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future. 
The loss of a licence, a breach of the terms of any licence or failure to obtain or renew any required licences in 
the future could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks related to the group interdependence 
The Issuer’s business is interwoven on many levels with that of the group comprised of UniCredit S.p.A. and its 
direct and indirect subsidiaries including the Issuer (the UniCredit Group). The mutual ties are established, 
among others, through numerous refinancing arrangements, competence centres for individual business segments 
to which the Issuer has access, cross-holdings, implementation of group-wide IT systems, mutually shared 
products and standards, as well as through funding measures regarding the capital of the Issuer. Economic 
problems of the UniCredit Group, particularly of the Issuer’s parent company UniCredit S.p.A. or any of its direct 
or indirect subsidiaries, could result in a risk of reduction of capital and liquidity support for the Issuer. Moreover, 
there is a risk that a downgrade of UniCredit S.p.A.’s credit ratings could also have a negative effect on the 
investors’ perception of the Issuer. Furthermore, deterioration of the financial performance of the Issuer’s parent 
company, UniCredit S.p.A., or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries could, in turn, adversely affect the Issuer’s 
own business. The materialization of any of such risks relating to the UniCredit Group could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of defaults by counterparties 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that borrowers or other counterparties may not be able to meet their obligations 
owed to the Issuer. Counterparties include, among others, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks and other institutional as well as retail customers. Exposures can arise through trading, lending, deposit 
taking, clearance and settlement and other financing activities and relationships.  
The Issuer considers the following to be the most substantial sources of its credit risk: 
• 
portfolio concentration, both at the level of individual borrowers or economically connected groups, as 
well as at sector level, particularly in the area of commercial real estate financing; 
• 
risk of external shocks on the residential real estate market; and 
• 
risk of other than expected macroeconomic developments affecting the creditworthiness of corporate 
clients and available household income. 
With regards to the structure of the receivables from clients, the Issuer’s loan portfolio as of 30 June 2023 and 31 
December 2022 may be characterized as follows: 
• 
68.3 per cent. of the portfolio as of 30 June 2023 and 67.7 per cent. of the portfolio as of 31 December 
2022 was comprised of receivables from corporate clients and the remainder, 31.7 per cent. as of 30 June 
2023 and 32.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, of receivables from retail clients; 
• 
the level of exposure to default was at 1.7 per cent. as of 30 June 2023 and at 1.9 per cent. as of 31 
December 2022 for the entire portfolio, and was lower for retail receivables as opposed to corporate 
receivables; 
• 
the most frequently represented client sectors in the Issuer’s loan portfolio were real estate financing, 
financial services, energy, wholesale, services, government, transport and chemical (on an individual 
basis); 
• 
87.7 per cent. as of 30 June 2023 and 87.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 of the Issuer’s credit 
exposure vis-à-vis retail clients was comprised of receivables from mortgage loans provided to non-
business individuals; 
• 
the rate of defaulted exposures differed across the individual sectors (the highest rate being in 
accommodation, catering and hospitality (20.42 per cent. as of 30 June 2023, 16.90 per cent. as of 31 
December 2022 and 22.54 per cent. as of 31 December 2021, followed by the transport (4.93 per cent. 
as of 30 June 2023, 6.17 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 9.12 per cent. as of 31 December 2021), 
the manufacturing industry (4.65 per cent. as of 30 June 2023, 4.66 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 
and 3.93 per cent. as of 31 December 2021) and agriculture, forestry (4.11 per cent. as of 30 June 2023, 
4.49 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 6.94 per cent. as of 31 December 2021) and the lowest rate 
being public sector (0.0 per cent. as of 30 June 2023, 0.0 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 0.0 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2021)). Nearly two thirds of the Issuer’s loan portfolio comprised receivables 
from clients with the risk of default below 0.49 per cent. as of 30 June 2023 (on an individual basis). 
As of 30 June 2023, the average exposure-weighted probability of default on receivables from performing clients 
was 1.49 per cent. (1.51 per cent. as of 31 December 2022 and 1.63 per cent. as of 31 December 2021). However, 
changes in economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 outbreak gave rise to number of the Issuer’s defaulting 
clients. As regards the quality of the loan portfolio, a higher increase in non-performing loans was identified 
during 2020 with a culmination in the first quarter of 2021. Subsequently, the share of non-performing loans 
decreased slightly towards the end of 2021. The current share of non-performing loans is at a similar level to that 
before the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic but there is a risk that the number of non-performing loans will 
increase in the future due to, among others, high inflation levels and increasing interest rates. 
As of 30 June 2023, the total gross amount of non-performing exposures amounted to CZK 9.64 billion (CZK 
11.71 billion as of 30 June 2022) and the coverage ratio on gross non-performing exposures reached 63.6 per cent.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
(63.9 per cent. as of 30 June 2022). The table below shows the historical share of non-performing loans at a 
consolidated level (always on the last day of the respective month): 
 
December 2021 
June 2022 
December 2022 
June 2023 
Development of share of non-
performing loans to customers 
2.5 per cent. 
2.2 per cent. 
1.9 per cent. 
1.7 per cent. 
The Issuer may incur losses if its counterparties default on their obligations. If losses arising from a counterparty’s 
default significantly exceed the amounts of the Issuer’s provisions, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. This risk may 
be exacerbated if the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or can only be liquidated at prices below the 
level necessary to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other contractual exposures. 
The value of collateral securing the Issuer’s loans and advances may not be sufficient to recover the full 
amount of any such loans and advances in the event of a default 
Deterioration in economic conditions in the Czech Republic or Slovakia or a decline in certain markets (either 
related to the COVID-19 outbreak or the Invasion of Ukraine or due to other reasons) may reduce the value of 
collateral securing the Issuer’s loans and advances, thus increasing the risk that the Issuer would not be able to 
recover the full amount of any such loans and advances in the event of a default. 
According to the Czech Banking Association (CBA), Czech housing transactions dropped by 50 per cent. in 2022 
to a 10-year low, as soaring inflation, high interest rates, higher energy prices and the war in Ukraine deterred 
buyers, as well as due to the regulatory actions by the CNB setting out, among other things, limitations on the 
provision of mortgage loans above a certain LTV (loan-to-value) ratio and introducing income requirements on 
mortgage applicants. New mortgage volumes for the full year 2022, excluding refinancing, dropped by 57 per 
cent., according to the CBA, as official interest rates soared to 7 per cent. in 2022 from 0.25 per cent. in 2021. 
The situation is different in the Slovak Republic, where the real estate has been experiencing reduced demand and 
the market has been witnessing a slight reduction in real estate prices after their long period of unprecedented 
growth. According to the National Bank of Slovakia, in the first quarter of 2023, the offer prices of residential 
properties decreased by 3.9 per cent. compared to the previous quarter.9 This trend is expected to continue also in 
the upcoming quarter. 
Since economic conditions in the Czech Republic or Slovakia have been deteriorating due to the negative impact 
of the Invasion of Ukraine, rising energy prices and spiking inflation levels, further declines in the value of 
collateral securing real property loans, including mortgage loans, are more likely to occur and may result in 
the Issuer’s loan portfolio impairment losses increasing materially. 
Should the Czech or Slovak economy decline, the value of assets securing real estate loans (including mortgage 
loans) can be expected to decline, which would result in a significant increase in impairment losses on the loan 
portfolio of the Issuer. 
In its press release dated 16 June 202210, the CNB stated that it estimates that the overvaluation of apartment 
prices reached almost 30 per cent. at the end of 2021. Declines in the value and liquidity of collateral securing 
loans, including mortgage loans, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
Furthermore, the Issuer undertakes certain types of lending without tangible collateral, relying only on personal 
guarantees, which may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount following a default. As of 30 June 2023 
68.0 per cent. (67.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the Issuer’s loans (where the exposures at default include 
off-balance after application of conversion factor) were materially uncollateralised (measured on an individual 
basis only). In the case of a default of such a loan, the Issuer has only limited recourse to collateral with limited 
liquidation value. If a large proportion of these borrowers were to default due to deteriorating economic conditions 
or otherwise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
 
9 Source: https://nbs.sk/dokument/e422e3e6-e0df-4602-8f52-076527e52efb/stiahnut?force=false 
10 Source: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-confirms-mortgage-limits-and-leaves-countercyclical-capital-buffer-rate-at- 
2.5/

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to liquidity risks that could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its financial 
obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. The liquidity risk encompasses both the risk with 
respect to the ability to finance the Issuer’s assets by instruments with an appropriate repayment date, as well as 
its ability to sell its assets for an acceptable price within an acceptable time horizon. A table showing undiscounted 
cash flows of assets and liabilities, issued guarantees and provided loan facilities according to the maturity date 
as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (on a consolidated basis) can be found in note 35 (Financial risk 
management) of the 2022 Financial Statements. 
In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business 
generally, it relies on diversified sources of funding including customer savings, term deposits, outstanding 
securities, accepted loans, as well as shareholder equity.  
The ability of the Issuer to access retail and wholesale funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent 
on a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general 
market conditions, especially continued volatility in the international financial markets, and confidence in the 
Czech and Slovak banking system. 
The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in certain European countries have raised concerns regarding the 
financial condition of European financial institutions and their exposure to such countries. Generally, concerns 
about a potential default by one financial institution can lead to significant liquidity problems, losses for, or 
defaults by, other financial institutions. Defaults by large financial institutions, such as credit institutions or 
insurance undertakings, could adversely affect the financial markets. The financial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit-granting, trading, clearing or other relationships 
between the particular institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default by, one or more large financial 
institutions could lead to significant market-wide liquidity problems resulting in losses or defaults by other 
financial institutions and also to a need for the Issuer to raise additional capital while at the same time making it 
more difficult to do so. 
If concerns over sovereign and financial institutions’ solvency continue, or if the conditions further deteriorate, 
there is a danger that interbank funding may become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest 
rates, which might impact the Issuer’s access to, and cost of, funding. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile, the Issuer’s ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or 
at all, could be adversely affected. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits, which are mostly short-term or demand deposits, as its primary source 
of funding 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. The majority of 
the Issuer’s deposits are corporate deposits, a significant proportion of which are demand deposits. As of 30 June 
2023, the Issuer’s deposits from customers (mainly time deposits and demand deposits) comprised 76.8 per cent. 
(73.5 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, and 76.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2021) of its total liabilities and, 
within this portion of the Issuer’s deposits from customers, 59.3 per cent. (78.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2022, 
and 91.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2021) were demand deposits that may be withdrawn at any time without 
penalty. Such deposits are subject to fluctuation due to factors outside of the Issuer’s control, and the Issuer can 
provide no assurance that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time as 
a reaction to factors outside its control, which may result in liquidity gaps that the Issuer may not be able to cover. 
Any material decrease in deposits could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Czech banking sector experienced a similar situation recently when, following the Invasion of Ukraine, the 
CNB announced on 28 February 2022 that it launched steps towards the revocation of the banking licence of 
Sberbank CZ, a.s., an indirect subsidiary of the Russian majority state-owned Sberbank, following a run on the 
bank. Global markets have also experienced similar occurrences, including most recently the entry into of a merger 
agreement for the acquisition of Credit Suisse, a global systemically important bank, by UBS, following the 
intervention by the Swiss regulators, and the failures of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and the First 
Republic Bank in the United States in recent months.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Additionally, if depositors in other financial institutions in the Czech Republic or other countries were to withdraw 
significant amounts of savings generally, resulting in a failure of that institution, this could create a systematic 
effect among depositors and investors in the Czech Republic. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
A change in the ECB or the CNB collateral standards could have an adverse effect on the funding of the Issuer 
and its access to liquidity 
The ECB and the CNB currently accept certain debt instruments, such as sovereign bonds or debt instruments 
issued by central banks, as collateral for repo operations. If the ECB or CNB were to impose more stringent 
requirements or conditions on the determination of eligible collateral or if they were to increase the rating 
requirements for securities posted as collateral, it could materially increase the Issuer’s funding costs and limit 
the Issuer’s access to liquidity, especially if deposits or other sources of liquidity are inadequate in the short term. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, or prospects. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange and currency risks 
As of 30 June 2023, 41.0 per cent. (43.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the Issuer’s assets and 35.6 per 
cent. (39.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2022) of the Issuer’s liabilities (numbers as of 30 June 2023 are on an 
individual basis and numbers as of 31 December 2022 are on a consolidated basis) were denominated in foreign 
currencies, particularly in EUR and USD. The Slovak organizational branch of the Issuer carries out its activities 
primarily in EUR. The Issuer translates such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets 
and liabilities, and gains or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to CZK when preparing its financial 
statements. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Issuer’s results of operations depends on the 
rate of depreciation or appreciation of CZK against its principal trading and financing currencies, i.e., EUR and 
USD. A table showing the Issuer’s structure of assets and liabilities by currency as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 can be found in note 35 (Financial risk management) of the 2022 Financial Statements. 
As a protection against open foreign exchange risk, the Issuer has established a system of currency risk limits 
based on its net currency exposure in the individual currencies. These limits are adjusted on a continuous basis. 
With effect as of 1 February 2022, the Issuer set a currency risk limit with respect to the total net currency exposure 
as well as to the individual main currencies, i.e., EUR 10 million, and with respect to the USD of the equivalent 
of EUR 5 million. For the other major currencies, i.e. CHF, GBP and JPY, a limit of EUR 5 million applies. For 
the group of currencies comprised of BAM, BGN, HRK, HUF, RON, RSD, RUB and TRY, the aggregate group 
limit has been set to equivalent of EUR 5 million. Minor currencies limits are grouped as well under the limit of 
EUR 3 million. Although the Issuer sets such limits, manages its foreign exchange positions accordingly and 
performs certain other measures aimed at reducing exchange rate risk, including, among others, entering into 
foreign exchange derivative contracts, these measures may not be effective and the fluctuations in exchange rates 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, or prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to risks in its trading activities 
The Issuer holds open positions in certain financial instruments, including financial derivatives and other 
securities. The consolidated trading results including results of currency trading of the Issuer for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023 were CZK 1.413 billion (CZK 2.032 billion for the year 2022). The majority of the Issuer’s 
business activities are conducted according to the requirements of its customers. Depending on the estimated 
demand of its customers, the Issuer holds a certain supply of financial instruments and maintains access to the 
financial markets through the quoting of bid and offer prices and by trading with other market makers. These 
positions are also held for the purpose of speculation on the expected future development of financial markets. 
The Issuer’s business strategy is thus affected by speculation and market making and its goal is to maximise net 
income from trading. The Issuer may be exposed to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such 
financial instruments, including the risk of unfavourable market price movements relative to its investment 
positions, a decline in the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or 
foreign currency exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Issuer 
chooses to hedge certain positions do not track the market value of those positions. If the Issuer incurs any losses 
from these exposures, this could reduce the Issuer’s income or cause the Issuer to suffer losses, either of which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base or prospects.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Issuer faces the possibility of losses from operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. 
The Issuer’s business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex transactions 
across different markets in many currencies. Operational losses, including monetary damages, costs, and direct 
and indirect financial losses or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in internal processes, 
systems, e.g., ICT systems, licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, 
outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, 
co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, or from customer 
complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including, among others, to anti-money laundering, 
data recording, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct of business rules, equipment failures, failure to 
protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and collateral, failure of physical and security protection, 
natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties and 
failure to fulfil its obligations, contractual or otherwise. There can be no assurances that risk controls and other 
actions implemented by the Issuer to mitigate exposures or losses will be fully effective in controlling each of the 
operational risks faced by the Issuer, or that the Issuer’s reputation will not be damaged by the occurrence of any 
operational risks. 
As a part of its banking activities, the Issuer provides its customers with investment advice, access to internally 
as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred 
by its customers due to investment advice from the Issuer, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external fund 
managers, the Issuer’s customers may seek compensation from the Issuer. Such compensation might be sought 
even if the Issuer has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its 
customers. Any claims in this respect could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer faces significant ICT risks inherent in the banking business 
The Issuer is dependent on information and communication technology (ICT) systems. The ICT systems are 
vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software and hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, internal 
abuse or computer virus infection, as well as physical damage to vital ICT data centres and computer virus 
infection. If the ICT systems fail, even for a short period of time, the Issuer may be unable to service some or all 
of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and could thus lose business and potential income. Likewise, a temporary 
failure of the ICT systems could result in higher internal costs associated with the recovery of the systems. ICT 
systems require regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements, to remove 
vulnerabilities and software errors and to keep pace with the growth of banks’ and financial institutions’ existing 
operations and possible expansion into new business lines and markets. The Issuer and its service providers may 
not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. The 
Issuer’s ICT systems architecture is complex due to past mergers, which may hinder its future development. 
The unification and implementation of new ICT systems may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
operational risk profile. In addition to costs incurred as a result of any failure or interruption of its ICT systems, 
the Issuer could face fines from the CNB if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with the applicable banking 
or other regulations. There can be no assurances that the procedures and controls put in place by the Issuer will 
be fully effective in preventing or managing all risks relating to the ICT systems of the Issuer. This could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects or reputation. 
The Group is exposed to cyber risk and other unauthorised access of its internal and customer data 
The scale of the Issuer’s business and nature of its operations requires the Issuer to receive, process and store 
significant volumes of confidential information about its customers, employees and counterparties, all of which 
needs to be safeguarded against loss, damage, mismanagement, abuse, unauthorised change or unauthorised 
disclosure. Despite the Issuer’s security measures and data protection mechanisms, its information technology 
and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance 
or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise the Issuer’s networks and the information stored there 
could be accessed, modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, modification, disclosure or other 
loss of information could damage the Issuer’s reputation and result in regulatory sanctions, liability for damage

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
and other liability for breach of data protection laws. Such breach may, among other things, result in significant 
fines under applicable data protection laws. Cyber-attacks could also result in the loss of internal communication 
or communication with the Issuer’s customers, which may result in reduced productivity and a loss of revenues. 
In addition, it could cause the Issuer’s service to be perceived as not being safe, thereby harming the Issuer’s 
reputation and deterring current and potential customers from using the Issuer’s services. Cyber-attacks may also 
prevent the Issuer from discharging its contractual or regulatory obligations. The materialisation of any of these 
risks could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer’s risk management strategies and procedures may prove insufficient or fail 
The Issuer’s strategies and procedures for managing credit risk, country risk, market risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk may prove insufficient or fail. Some of the Issuer’s methods for managing risk are based upon 
observations of historical market behaviour. The Issuer also applies statistical techniques to observations to arrive 
at quantifications of its risk exposures. However, these methods may not accurately quantify the Issuer’s risk 
exposures. As additional information becomes available, the Issuer may need to make additional provisions if 
default rates are higher than expected. If circumstances arise whereby the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or 
correctly evaluate certain risks in developing its statistical models, losses could be greater than the maximum 
losses envisaged under its risk management system.  
In addition, if any of the instruments and strategies that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure to various types of 
risk is not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. Unexpected market developments may also adversely affect the 
effectiveness of the Issuer’s hedging strategies, and the Issuer may choose not to hedge all of its risk exposures in 
all market environments or against all types of risk. In addition, the methodology by which gains and losses 
resulting from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in the Issuer’s reported 
results of operations. 
Any material deficiency in the Issuer’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may 
expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk and material unanticipated losses, which may 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks related to the regulatory environment 
Changes and developments in laws or regulations in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and the EU, including 
legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors, may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to a number of laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions where it conducts its 
operations, particularly the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Such laws and regulations include, among other things, 
banking regulation designed to maintain the safety and financial soundness of banks and limit their exposure to 
risk, regulations relating to financial services, securities products and other businesses, tax, accounting and 
financial reporting regulation, anti-money laundering, consumer credit, capital requirements or corporate 
requirements regulation. 
As a result of new and more demanding regulatory requirements and other changes in legislation, the Issuer may 
need to increase its capital or debts eligible to meet the minimum capital requirement and eligible liabilities, 
increase retained earnings or reduce risk-weighted assets, for example through their sales, or stop participating in 
certain activities. These facts could lead to a reduction in the Issuer’s ability or complete inability to meet its debts. 
On 14 September 2022, the European Commission introduced a proposal for a Council Regulation on an 
emergency intervention to address high prices (the Emergency Intervention Proposal) which, among others, 
establishes a solidarity contribution of electricity generating companies and fossil fuel sector due to the current 
market situation and their profits. Following the Emergency Intervention Proposal, on 6 October 2022, the Czech 
Ministry of Finance introduced a windfall tax proposal, which was approved by the Parliament of the Czech 
Republic, signed by the President and published in the Collection of Laws during November 2022 and fully 
entered into force on 1 January 2023 (the Windfall Tax Amendment).  
The windfall tax introduced by the Windfall Tax Amendment applies to energy sector companies and banks with 
net interest income exceeding CZK 6 billion in the previous year, which is the threshold generally separating large

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
and medium banks and small banks, as defined by the CNB. The tax rate is 60 per cent. and will apply to the 
concerned companies as a tax surcharge on top of the 19 per cent. corporate income tax on their excessive profits. 
The additional 60 per cent. tax rate will be applied against positive difference between tax base in the current year 
and the arithmetic average of its historical tax bases for the four preceding tax years before 2022 (i.e. 2018-2021) 
increased by 20 per cent. The Windfall Tax Amendment assumes time limited effect for years 2023 to 2025. 
Advances on this tax are to be paid already during 2023 along with advances on corporation tax based on 2022 
reported tax base.  
The above-described measures will result in additional tax liabilities/costs of the Issuer and as such could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects or reputation. 
The above and any further regulatory changes may result in additional material costs for the Issuer and 
significantly impact its capital resources and requirements. As such, they may adversely affect the Issuer by, 
among other things, restricting the type or volume of transactions the Issuer may enter into, set limits on, or require 
the modification of, rates or fees that the Issuer charges on loans or other financial products. The Issuer may also 
face increased compliance costs and material limitations on its ability to pursue business opportunities. All these 
factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements or the liquidity associated with a holding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for certain investors and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and 
complying with new capital adequacy requirements 
In 1988, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) adopted capital guidelines that 
explicitly link the relationship between a bank's capital and its credit risks. In June 2006 the Basel Committee 
finalised and published new risk-adjusted capital guidelines (Basel II). Basel II includes the application of risk-
weighting which depends upon, amongst other factors, the external or, in some circumstances and subject to 
approval of supervisory authorities, internal credit rating of the counterparty. The revised requirements also 
include allocation of risk capital in relation to operational risk and supervisory review of the process of evaluating 
risk measurement and capital ratios.  
Basel II has not been fully implemented in all participating jurisdictions. The implementation of the framework 
in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for investors who are or 
may become subject to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. The Basel II framework was 
implemented in the European Union by the Directive 2006/48/EC and Directive 2006/49/EC on the capital 
adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions (the Capital Adequacy Directives). The Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision has approved a sequence of major reforms to the Basel II framework (the set of reform 
measures being commonly referred to as Basel III) which envisages a substantial strengthening of existing capital 
rules, including new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish 
minimum liquidity standards and minimum leverage ratios for financial institutions. In particular, the changes 
include amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen the capital 
requirements for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage 
ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). Basel III set an implementation deadline on member 
countries to implement the new capital standards from January 2013, the new LCR from January 2015 and the 
NSFR from January 2018. The changes approved by the Basel Committee may have an impact on the capital 
requirements in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and on incentives to hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the revised framework and, as a result, they may affect 
the liquidity and value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Basel III has been implemented in the European Union by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investments firms (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (CRR I). CRD IV and CRR I were published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013. Most of the provisions in CRD IV and CRR I took 
effect on 1 January 2014. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final revised standards for calculating the risk exposure 
amount, also known as Basel IV. The Basel Committee recommends, among others, that constraints on internal

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
models and the revised standardised approaches should be implemented beginning in 2022. However, the political 
process that should eventually lead to the implementation of the recommendations in the EU has started only 
recently, and the outcome thus remains uncertain. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel II 
framework (including the Basel III as well as the possible Basel IV changes described above) and the relevant 
implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise. 
The requirements of the NSFR set out criteria for a minimum amount of stable resources to cover illiquid assets 
and contingent liabilities in the medium term (i.e. more than one year). The binding minimum standard for the 
NSFR is part of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending CRR I (CRR II) and adopted together with Directive (EU) 
2019/878 amending CRD IV (CRD V), Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending BRRD I (as defined below) (BRRD 
II) and Regulation (EU) 2019/877, which entered into force on 28 June 2021. The level at which the NSFR is set 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base or prospects. 
There is no certainty as to the final framework for, or the timing of, the capital adequacy standards that will be 
ultimately developed and implemented, and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying 
with the new capital adequacy requirements. The new capital adequacy requirements may also impact existing 
business models. In addition there can be no assurances that breaches of legislation or regulations by the Issuer 
will not occur and, to the extent that such a breach does occur, that significant liability or penalties will not be 
incurred. 
The Issuer is subject to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, implementing BRRD and setting out a bank 
recovery and resolution framework which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions considered to be failing or at risk of failing. The implementation of any action under it could 
materially affect the Issuer and/or the value of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD I) designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or relevant entity. This is so as to ensure the continuity 
of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant 
entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The powers set out in BRRD I, as amended by BRRD II (BRRD) impact how credit institutions and investment 
firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. BRRD is implemented in Czech 
law by the Czech Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the Financial Market, as amended (the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act), which provides for a framework for the recovery and resolution of Czech 
banks and investment firms. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to Czech banks (such 
as the Issuer) or their groups and distinguishes between two basic sets of measures. These measures are crisis 
prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis resolution measures (in Czech, opatření 
k řešení krize). Responsibility for operation of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act rests almost exclusively 
with the CNB as the relevant resolution authority whilst the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic has some 
joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the government stabilisation tools (including the 
temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a Czech bank). The Czech Resolution and Recovery 
Act enables the CNB to intervene in failing Czech banks, Czech banks which are likely to fail, or Czech banks 
reaching a point of non-viability and also deals with certain other discrete matters. The measures and procedures 
were implemented into Czech law by the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act without substantial deviations from 
BRRD. 
The exercise of any power under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation and/or the rights of Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the price or 
value of their investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. For a detailed description of the powers available under BRRD, as

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, see section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules involves 
significant ongoing costs and efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational 
consequences 
The Issuer must comply with national and international rules and regulations regarding money laundering, 
anti-corruption and the financing of terrorism. In recent years, these rules and regulations have been tightened and 
may be further tightened and more strictly enforced in the future. Compliance with these rules and regulations puts 
a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical problems. 
Any violation of these or similar rules, or even the suspicion of such violations, may have severe legal, monetary 
and reputational consequences, including sanctions imposed by the CNB or the NBS, and thus could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects, or reputation. 
Non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or stricter interpretation of the existing 
requirements or future modifications of the data protection laws, could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
business 
With effect as of 25 May 2018 the Issuer’s operations and services need to comply with Regulation (EU) 
2016/679, General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR), which generally imposes uniform rules on all market 
participants operating within the EU and strict sector specific rules under the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 
2002/58/EC). GDPR implements a stricter data protection compliance regime and substantially increases fines for 
a breach of data protection regulation. Under GDPR, data protection agencies have the right to audit the Issuer 
and impose orders and fines, up to EUR 20 million, or up to 4 per cent. of the worldwide annual revenue for the 
previous financial year, if they find that the Issuer has not complied with applicable laws and adequately protected 
customer data. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are few official guidelines available that would indicate 
how data protection agencies will evaluate and investigate non-compliance issues and a degree of uncertainty 
therefore remains in this regard. As such, there can be no assurance that the Issuer is fully compliant with GDPR 
in all aspects of its operations. Any difference in interpretation of the GDPR by the data protection agencies 
resulting in the Issuer’s non-compliance with GDPR or any other applicable data protection laws, or any 
limitations imposed by stricter interpretation of the existing requirements or by future modifications of the data 
protection laws, could have a significant impact on the Issuer’s business operations and its ability to market 
products and services to existing or potential customers. As such, the materialisation of any of the above could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
Insolvency and other laws and regulations governing creditors’ rights in the Czech Republic and Slovakia may 
limit the Issuer’s ability to obtain payments on defaulted credits 
Insolvency proceedings in the Czech Republic and Slovakia often take several years and the level of the creditors’ 
recovery is relatively low. Therefore, the Issuer cannot ensure that its rights as a creditor in insolvency proceedings 
will be adequate to enable the Issuer to successfully collect amounts owed by debtors. Moreover, the Issuer’s 
litigation costs stemming from insolvency proceedings of its borrowers or counterparties may increase 
substantially as a result of any newly adopted and untested procedures and potential changes in the regulation. 
The process of collateral enforcement in the Czech Republic and Slovakia is rather costly and often takes several 
years. As a result, the Issuer may be unable to enforce in a timely manner, for reasonable costs or at all, collateral 
securing loans and other credit extended by the Issuer, including mortgage loans. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation.  
Legal and regulatory claims could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The Issuer 
carries out operations through a number of legal entities mainly in the Czech Republic and Slovakia and is subject 
to regulation in these countries.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Non-compliance with, or any breaches of, such regulation expose the Issuer to the risk of various claims, disputes, 
legal proceedings or governmental investigation. Moreover, the Issuer is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, 
legal proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active. These types of claims and 
proceedings expose the Issuer to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs, including legal costs, direct or indirect 
financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, as well as the 
potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Cover Pool 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders share the Issuer’s Cover Pool with the holders of all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which will rank pari passu among themselves and with 
all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same 
Cover Pool and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may create one Cover Pool, providing cover for all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (and other Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) or 
several Cover Pools, in which case the Issuer has to specify which Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (or other 
Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) should be covered by each 
Cover Pool. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has only created one Cover Pool. Therefore, all 
holders of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders) will have the benefit 
of the same Cover Pool. 
The Issuer has other bond programmes, the Local Bond Programmes, under which it has issued Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds including (until 31 December 2017) mortgage covered bonds issued pursuant to Slovak Bonds 
Act (the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds) and Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll., on Banks (the Slovak Banking 
Act) which at the same time qualify as Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Issuer may also issue further Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future on a standalone basis or otherwise. 
If the Mortgage Covered Bondholders declared their Mortgage Covered Bonds due and demanded their immediate 
redemption in accordance with their terms, the proceeds of the Issuer’s Cover Pool would be distributed among 
all Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders (including Slovak Mortgage Covered Bondholders), whose Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds were accelerated or became due and payable. This 
may result in Mortgage Covered Bondholders receiving less than the total interest and principal they were 
expecting in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer will comply with the Statutory Tests 
and the Contractual Asset Cover Test (each as defined and described in section The Cover Pool below), there can 
be no assurance that the Cover Assets and the Accessory Assets (each as defined below in section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3 Cover Assets, Liquidity 
Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests) which are eligible assets for the purposes of the Czech Bonds Act and which 
comprise the Cover Pool will have sufficient value to meet all payments due in respect of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
Receivables from mortgage loans governed by Slovak law included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are primarily 
designated under Slovak law to cover the receivables under Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and interaction 
of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool is not clear 
Pursuant to the Slovak Banking Act, in its wording effective until 31 December 2017, each Slovak mortgage bank 
had to finance at least 90 per cent. of its mortgage loans regulated by Section 68 et seq. of the Slovak Banking 
Act (in Slovak, hypotekárny úver) in the wording effective until 31 December 2017 (the Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans) through Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. The NBS may have granted a temporary exemption 
from this rule and decrease the financing ratio requirement to a minimum of 70 per cent. The receivables from the 
Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans will primarily cover the liabilities of the Issuer arising under the Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer (which are different from the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
under this Programme). The Issuer has obtained a consent from the NBS to apply the lower financing ratio of 70 
per cent. Consequently, only 30 per cent. of the amount of receivables from the Issuer’s Slovak Regulated

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Mortgage Loans that are included in the Cover Pool may be effectively used for covering the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued under this Programme. In other words, a portion of at least 70 per cent. of the Slovak law governed 
receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans must be included in the cover pool maintained under 
Slovak law for the existing Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer and the receivables from the Slovak 
Regulated Mortgage Loans although technically being part of the Cover Pool, could not therefore be used for 
covering the Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme. The interaction of Czech law governing the Cover 
Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool for the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. 
However, a likely outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would be able to benefit from 
all Cover Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, included in the Cover Pool 
pari-passu with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer, but it cannot be ruled out that a 
court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would only be able to 
benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are not used for covering the Slovak Mortgage 
Bonds of the Issuer. 
As of 1 January 2018, a substantially new Slovak regulation of mortgage loans and covered bonds came into 
effect. In particular, the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans (and Other Slovak Mortgage Loans) no longer have 
to be partly financed via issue of Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer ceased to be able to issue new 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds through its Slovak branch. However, the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans existing as of 31 December 2017 are governed by legal regulations applicable 
as of this date as described above, until they are fully paid-up. Consequently, the risk described above arising 
from including of the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans in the cover pool maintained under Slovak law only 
applies with respect to the legacy portfolio existing as of 31 December 2017 (including), whilst the Issuer cannot 
exclude that it would include new Slovak Mortgage Loans into the legacy cover pool maintained under Slovak 
law. 
The CNB may take action if it determines that there are Shortcomings in the Issuer’s activities whilst operating 
as a bank 
If the CNB discovers Shortcomings (i.e., “shortcomings in the activities” of the Issuer as defined and described 
in section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 
9 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings), which include, for instance, violation of the general prudential 
requirements, such as failure by the Issuer to comply with or remedy the breach of the applicable tests set out in 
the Czech Bonds Act (i.e., the Statutory Tests) (as defined and described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3 Cover Assets, Liquidity Buffer and Statutory 
Cover Tests below), the CNB may, for as long as the Issuer holds its banking licence and until insolvency 
proceedings have been opened against the Issuer, impose a Measure (as defined and described in section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9 Consequences of Certain 
Issuer’s shortcomings) upon the Issuer. As a result of the imposition of a Measure, the Issuer may be restricted in, 
or prohibited from, certain trades which would represent a risk for the Issuer, including that the Issuer may not be 
allowed to issue further Mortgage Covered Bonds or Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, refinance the existing 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or make any payments under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds to any party or the Issuer may have to 
cease payments only to those parties who are closely associated with the Issuer or persons who are a part of the 
same consolidated unit or Connected Persons (as defined and described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings 
below) to the Issuer. 
Therefore, there can be no assurance, upon the CNB having discovered the Shortcoming, and consequently, 
having imposed the Measure, that the Issuer will be able to issue further Mortgage Covered Bonds, refinance 
existing Mortgage Covered Bonds, make payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or comply with any other 
obligations the Issuer has under the Conditions. During such period the Mortgage Covered Bondholders might 
have no access to the Cover Pool. 
In addition, if any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders are persons who are closely associated with the Issuer 
or persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or Connected Persons (as defined and described in section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9 Consequences of 
Certain Issuer’s shortcomings below) to the Issuer, such Mortgage Covered Bondholders are unlikely to receive 
payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds and will not have immediate recourse to the Cover Pool, provided 
that the relevant Measure has been imposed by the CNB and for as long as that Measure is in effect.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ position might deteriorate as a result of the transfer of assets included in 
the Cover Pool and the transfer of the Issuer’s obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail and it is beyond the reach of less drastic remedial action to prevent such 
failing than the application of crisis resolution measures (as described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 10 Czech Resolution and Recovery Act below), 
the CNB may, pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act (which implements the BRRD) (as defined 
below), adopt a set of crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis management 
measures (including crisis resolution measures and actions and the appointment of a special manager) (in Czech, 
opatření k řešení krize). The crisis resolution measures and tools include, among other things, a transfer of 
business measure, a transfer to a bridge institution measure and a transfer to an asset management entity measure 
which can be achieved through various share and property transfers (as also described in section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 10 Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act below). The approval of the respective Issuer’s creditors for such transfers is not required. There is 
a risk that these transfers may affect the Issuer’s assets that are included in the Cover Pool or the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds).  
However, the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for various protections from the effect of partial 
property transfers. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, a transfer or passage of property, rights and 
liabilities under legal arrangements or relationships that qualify as “protected rights and liabilities”, may not 
provide for the transfer or passage of some, but not all, of such “protected rights and liabilities” from legal 
arrangements or relationships. The “protected rights and liabilities” under legal arrangements or relationships 
under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in turn comprise, irrespective of number of parties or their 
governing law and no matter if the reason for their creation and continuation is contractual or statutory, among 
other things, covered bonds as well as structured finance arrangements, including securitisations and instruments 
used for hedging which form an integral part of the Cover Pool and which are secured in a way similar to the 
covered bonds.  
Although the Issuer complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test in respect of the 
Cover Pool, the Mortgaged Property Value might reduce over time causing the value of the Mortgage Loans 
becoming insufficient to meet the relevant Contractual Asset Cover Test and Statutory Tests and insufficient 
to provide cover for the issued and outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Cover Pool consists of (i) Cover Assets which include the Mortgage Loans secured by way of a legally 
perfected first ranking mortgage in favour of the Issuer over the Mortgaged Property (as defined below) and (ii) 
Accessory Assets. 
Cover Assets must comply with the applicable requirements or criteria set out in the Czech Bonds Act. In 
particular, pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the nominal value of each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan in the 
Cover Pool may not exceed 100 per cent. of the value of the Mortgaged Property (as defined in section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3 Cover Assets, Liquidity 
Buffer and Statutory Cover Tests). In addition, the Issuer covenants, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to 
ensure compliance with the Contractual Eligibility Criteria and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. If the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are issued as “CRR Compliant” Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Cover Assets covering them will 
also need to comply with the conditions set out in the CRR. If the Issuer fails to comply with the applicable 
requirements or criteria set out in the Czech Bonds Act or the CRR, such non-compliance constitutes an 
administrative delict under the Czech Bonds Act, subject to a fine of up to CZK 20 million. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic or Slovakia. 
The Mortgaged Property Value as well as the value of the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool may reduce 
over time (including, in particular, in the event of a general downturn in the value of properties located in the 
Czech Republic or Slovakia) causing the value of the Mortgage Loans becoming insufficient to meet the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, the Statutory Tests and insufficient to provide cover for the issued and outstanding 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer covenants, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to ensure 
compliance with the Contractual Asset Cover Test, a general downturn in the value of properties located in the 
Czech Republic or Slovakia could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and 
business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the value of 
the Cover Pool.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders will receive limited information in respect of the Cover Pool 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans or other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of the 
Cover Pool will change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase or origination of further Mortgage 
Loans by the Issuer. The Issuer is, pursuant to Section 32 of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree, required 
to maintain the Covered Block Records and, pursuant to the Decree of the CNB No. 346/2013 Coll. of 16 October 
2013 (in Czech, Vyhláška České národní banky č. 346/2013 Sb. ze dne 16. října 2013), required to file quarterly 
reports with the CNB (within 25 calendar days following the end of each calendar quarter) containing summary 
information about the Cover Pool and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
however, neither the Covered Block Records nor the quarterly reports are publicly available. Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
has been appointed to act as the Asset Monitor pursuant to the terms of an Asset Monitor Agreement, pursuant to 
which it will be required to conduct on annual basis certain agreed upon procedures consisting in checks and 
calculations on the Statutory Tests performed by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (see section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds 
below) and the Conditions (see section Issuer Covenants and section The Cover Pool below). The Asset Monitor 
will only be required to perform its role starting from the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date and in the scope 
as per the wording of the Asset Monitor Agreement valid on the date the Asset Monitor is performing its 
procedures. The Asset Monitor Report will not be publicly available or available to potential investors in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks associated with the Permission for Covered Block 
Pursuant to Section 30d of the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must, no later than on the date of issuance of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and throughout the period of the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, possess the 
Permission for Covered Block (as defined below), which is granted (as well as potentially revoked) by the CNB 
if certain conditions set out in the Czech Bonds Act are met (as described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 6 Covered Block and its management below).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has obtained the Permission for Covered Block from the CNB 
but there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to maintain the Permission for Covered Block. If the 
Permission for Covered Block were to be revoked, the Issuer would no longer be able to issue the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risk relating to the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or to issue further Mortgage Covered 
Bonds may be restricted or discontinued by a preliminary injunction issued by a Czech court 
Under Section 74 et seq. of the Czech Act. No 99/1963 Coll., as amended (the Civil Procedure Code), a Czech 
court may, at its discretion and upon a petition from any third person filing a claim against the Issuer, issue a 
preliminary injunction (in Czech, předběžné opatření) if: (i) it is necessary to temporarily govern the relationship 
between the Issuer and that third person; or (ii) there is a doubt whether the enforcement of a court decision issued 
will be carried out. Such preliminary injunction may stay in effect until the end of the relevant court proceedings. 
This is a general regulation of the civil procedure under Czech law and, thus, regardless of the Issuer’s insolvency, 
there can be no assurance that such a preliminary injunction would not impose upon the Issuer the obligation to 
stop or delay payments under Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or restrict 
or prohibit the Issuer from issuing further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Following the Issuer having become unable to pay its monetary obligations as they fall due, the value of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool might reduce becoming insufficient to meet the relevant Contractual Asset 
Cover Test and Statutory Tests and thus insufficient to provide cover for the issued and outstanding Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of some debtors of the Mortgage Loans having exercised the right of 
unilateral set-off of their claims and obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer 
If the Issuer enters into separate transactions (including transactions under various agreements on current or other 
bank accounts) with the debtors of Mortgage Loans, which are in the Cover Pool, such debtors may, under certain

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
conditions, have a right of set-off of their obligations under the Mortgage Loans against any amounts owed by the 
Issuer. 
Czech law allows for two means of set-off, a unilateral set-off and a contractual set-off. In both cases the law 
requires that the subject matter of mutual claims to be set-off is of the same kind. In broad terms, a unilateral set-
off refers to circumstances when one of the parties takes a unilateral action towards the other party invoking a set-
off without any action being taken whatsoever by the other party. The general rule is that a unilateral set-off of 
mutual claims is only possible when such claims are due and payable. In contrast, a contractual set-off, which is 
always based on an agreement between the parties, can always take place regardless of whether mutual claims to 
be set-off are due and payable. Current instalments on the Mortgage Loans would typically become due and 
payable but not the whole amount of the Mortgage Loan except when the Mortgage Loan is a defaulted loan and 
it has, as a consequence, become due and payable. Therefore, the possibility of a unilateral set-off against the 
whole amount of the Mortgage Loan or its significant part is very limited in practice. 
Czech law allows not only for a pre-insolvency but also an insolvency set-off, although additional restrictions 
apply in an insolvency set off compared to the pre-insolvency regime described immediately above. Mutual claims 
of the Issuer and its creditor may generally be set-off after the initiation or opening of insolvency proceedings (in 
Czech, zahájení insolvenčního řízení) (the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings), however set-off at this 
stage of the insolvency proceedings may be restricted by the insolvency court by issuing a preliminary injunction. 
Mutual claims of the Issuer and its creditor may be set-off after the declaration of insolvency (in Czech, rozhodnutí 
o úpadku) (the Declaration of Insolvency), provided that the statutory conditions for set-off have been fulfilled 
prior to the decision on the manner of resolution of the debtor’s insolvency. Also, the set-off after the Declaration 
of Insolvency will not be possible if: (i) the creditor did not file the claim to be set off in the insolvency 
proceedings; (ii) the creditor acquired its claim through an ineffective legal act; (iii) the creditor was aware of the 
debtor’s insolvency at the time it acquired the claim to be set off; (iv) the creditor has not yet satisfied the debtor’s 
due and payable claim for the amount owing which exceeds the creditor’s claim to be set off; and (v) in certain 
other circumstances described in the Czech Insolvency Act, such as upon the issuance of the Preliminary 
Injunction by the insolvency court. There is only one available method of resolving the Issuer’s insolvency and 
that is bankruptcy (in Czech, konkurs). The insolvency court would therefore always decide simultaneously on a 
Declaration of Insolvency to confirm the state of affairs and on a declaration of bankruptcy (in Czech, rozhodnutí 
o prohlášení konkursu) (the Declaration of Bankruptcy) to decide on the use of method to resolve the insolvency. 
Therefore, the statutory conditions for set-off must be met prior to the Declaration of Insolvency and Declaration 
of Bankruptcy in respect of the Issuer. According to the conservative interpretation this means that a set-off must 
be perfected prior to such decision, i.e. that the set-off must also be invoked against the Issuer prior to the 
Declaration of Bankruptcy. However, there is also a view that the legal conditions of set-off do not comprise the 
act by which set-off is invoked against the Issuer. 
In summary, the above means that, having no regard to whether the relevant claims and obligations have become 
due and payable, the right of a unilateral set-off of (i) the claims of the debtors under the Mortgage Loans vis-à-
vis (ii) the claims of the Issuer under the Mortgage Loans, may be exercised not only prior to the insolvency but 
also after the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings or even after the Declaration of Bankruptcy in respect 
of the Issuer and, subject to some other conditions, always only provided that the Issuer is unable to pay its 
monetary obligations as they fall due. Although the Issuer may contractually eliminate such debtors’ rights to set-
off and such contractual arrangements would continue to apply following the Commencement of the Insolvency 
Proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer has not done that in its agreements or contracts on Mortgage Loans 
and/or agreements or contracts on current or other bank accounts it has entered into with its clients as the debtors 
under the Mortgage Loans, nor has the Issuer done that in its Standard Contractual Terms and Conditions 
applicable to those agreements or contracts. 
Hence, the Issuer’s clients, who are the debtors of the Mortgage Loans and at the same time have a claim against 
the Issuer from separate transactions (including transactions under various agreements on current or other bank 
accounts), may exercise the right of unilateral set-off of their claims against the Issuer and the possibility of that 
set-off taking place cannot be completely excluded. Consequently, no assurance can be given that, if the right of 
unilateral set-off has been duly exercised by some debtors of the Mortgage Loans, the value of the Cover Assets 
or Accessory Assets in the Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay all amounts due and payable under all Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
The risk factors regarding the Mortgage Covered Bonds are presented in the following categories depending on 
their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
• 
Risks related to the nature of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
• 
Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to trading on 
a regulated market; and 
• 
Other risks related to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder with a fixed rate of interest (the Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds) is 
exposed to the risk that the price of such Mortgage Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest 
rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is fixed during the life of such Mortgage Covered Bond, the current interest rate on capital markets (“market 
interest rate”) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bond also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond typically falls, until the yield of such Mortgage Covered Bond is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of such Mortgage Covered Bond is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. If the Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond holds such 
Mortgage Covered Bond until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder as the Mortgage Covered Bond will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually 
the principal amount of such Mortgage Covered Bond. The same risks apply to fixed rate Mortgage Covered Bond 
where the fixed rate of interest increases over the term of the Mortgage Covered Bond (the Step-up Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) or where the fixed rate of interest decreases over the term of the Mortgage Covered Bond (the 
Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds and, together with Step-up Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Step-up/Step-
down Mortgage Covered Bonds) if the market interest rates in respect of comparable Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are higher than the rates applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued with a fixed interest rate and a floating interest rate (the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) comprise both, risks relating to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (see above 
section Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds)) and risks 
relating to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (see below section Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
In addition, the Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce 
a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed 
to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Risks associated with the reform of Euribor, Pribor and other interest rate benchmarks 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Mortgage Covered Bonds with a floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) is exposed to the risk of fluctuating CMS rates (in case of Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds linked to a constant maturity swap rate (the CMS)) or fluctuating reference rate levels (in case of 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(Euribor), the Prague Interbank Offered Rate (Pribor) or other reference rates) and uncertain interest income.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Fluctuating CMS rate levels or reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in advance. 
The Euribor, the Pribor and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (each a Benchmark 
and together the Benchmarks) have become the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds linked to such a Benchmark.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) 
(the Benchmarks Regulation). In addition, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations 
which may impact Benchmarks. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to ‘contributors’, ‘administrators’ and 
‘users’ of Benchmarks in the EU, and (i) requires, among other things, Benchmark administrators to be authorised 
(or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain ‘equivalence’ conditions in its local jurisdiction, to be ‘recognised’ 
by the authorities of a Member State pending an equivalence decision or to be ‘endorsed’ for such purpose by an 
EU competent authority) and to comply with requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks and 
(ii) ban the use of Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide 
and, in addition to so-called ‘critical Benchmark’ indices such as Euribor, will apply to many other interest rate 
indices. Given that the Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (SONIA®), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR®) and the euro short-term rate (€STR®) 
are administered by the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and European Central Bank 
(the ECB), respectively, SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the 
future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to a 
Benchmark rate or index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation, its authorisation is withdrawn or suspended, or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which 
(subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy the ‘equivalence’ conditions, is not 
‘recognised’ pending such a decision and is not ‘endorsed’ for such purpose. In such event, depending 
on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or 
otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark’ could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, including Issuer determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain Benchmarks. In this context, it should be noted that also the Euribor is subject to constant 
review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether the Euribor will be discontinued from 2025. Although 
it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the 
administration or method of determining a Benchmark could affect the level of the published rate, including to 
cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be, and/or could have an effect on the value of 
any Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds whose interest or principal return is linked to the relevant Benchmark, 
investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Benchmarks could also be discontinued entirely. If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, 
the rate of interest for Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds which are linked to such Benchmark will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, which in the end could result in the same rate being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Mortgage

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Covered Bonds, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest (or resulting in a 
redemption right of the Issuer). Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amounts payable on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds whose rate of interest is linked to a 
discontinued Benchmark. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether the 
fallback provisions of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds would be considered suitable, and there is 
therefore a risk that if the consent to solicitation is not successful the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected by the European Commission. There is 
no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be.  
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be linked to SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® 
(collectively, the Alternative Reference Rates). SONIA® is based on actual transactions and reflects the average 
of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should 
be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the SONIA® as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to the Sterling London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA® that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds which reference 
a SONIA® rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Further, if the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and payable, the rate of 
interest payable shall be determined on the date the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds became due and 
payable. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC) convened by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the SOFR® as the rate that 
represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. The Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR® is subject to important limitations and disclaimers. 
SOFR® is published based on data received from other sources. There can be no guarantee that the SOFR® will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
the respective Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the manner in which the SOFR® is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and the trading prices of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. SOFR® has been published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends 
in the SOFR® as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR®. Also, since the SOFR® is a relatively new market 
index, the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds might not yet have an established trading market when issued. 
Trading prices of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lower than those of later-issued indexed 
debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR® does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Floating 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, the trading price of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lower 
than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may not be able to sell the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds at all or may not be able to 
sell the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Similar to the approaches in the United States and the United Kingdom, the Governing Council of the ECB has 
decided to develop €STR® based on data already available to the eurosystem. €STR® reflects the wholesale euro 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, complements existing benchmark rates provided by the 
private sector and is published on each TARGET Day (whereby TARGET Day means any day on which 
TARGET is open for settlements of payment in euro or, as from the day the successor real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem (the T2) will be operational, any day on which T2 will be open for settlements 
of payment in euro) since 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be 
implemented and, in particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the 
transition from (previously) existing reference rates to €STR® could result in further uncertainties and limitations,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
investors in the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds should consider all these factors when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Since Alternative Reference Rates are a relatively new market index, the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to such Alternative Reference Rates, such as the 
spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt 
securities may be lower than those of later issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if these Alternative 
Reference Rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
trading price of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lower than those of debt securities linked to 
indices that are more widely used. Investors in Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be able to sell 
such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds at all or may not be able to sell such Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also 
be no guarantee that these Alternative Reference Rates will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the 
manner in which the respective Alternative Reference Rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds and the trading prices 
of the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risk of early redemption 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that contain a call option of the Issuer (the Call-Option) may be redeemed by the Issuer 
on certain call dates (the Call Dates) as specified in the Final Terms, by giving notice to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders (subject to restrictions in applicable laws and regulations). 
If the Issuer redeems any Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to maturity or if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject 
to an early redemption due to a tax or regulatory event, a Mortgage Covered Bondholder is exposed to the risk 
that due to early redemption his investment may have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer might exercise his 
optional call right if the yield on comparable Mortgage Covered Bonds in the capital market falls which means 
that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in Mortgage Covered Bonds with a lower 
yield. 
Risks associated with the withholding taxation regime in the Czech Republic 
The Czech tax treatment of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has been significantly affected by the 2021 ITA 
Amendment and the 2022 Banking Act Amendment (all capitalized terms used in this risk factor are defined in 
section Taxation where more information on the taxation regime in the Czech Republic can be obtained and in 
section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
Such Czech tax changes may result in a potential Withholding Tax of up to 35 per cent. in respect of interest 
payments on the Mortgage Covered Bonds even to Beneficial Owners who would otherwise be entitled to tax 
relief (whether in the form of an exemption or a reduced rate) (the Tax Relief) unless certain administrative and 
technical steps, including certifications by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder, are complied with (for more details 
about these steps please refer to the Certification Procedures under Risks associated with the evidencing of 
Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief). Furthermore, where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at a 
price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below par), a failure to comply with these steps could trigger a 
withholding of Tax Security of 1 per cent. from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions may stipulate that no gross-up on any payment in respect of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be provided by the Issuer, in which case no gross-up obligation will apply in respect of any payments 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. This applies, for example, to payments in respect of Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds as is stipulated in § 6 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Furthermore, even if § 6 of the Terms and Conditions stipulates that a gross-up obligation of the Issuer applies, 
there are certain carve outs from such obligation under which, for example, no gross-up applies to payments in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds where any withholding or deduction by the Issuer is for or on account of 
the Tax Security or where the Beneficial Owner of such Mortgage Covered Bonds is a Czech Tax Resident 
individual. There may be certain other carve outs from gross-up applicable and any carve-out may apply even if 
the Beneficial Ownership Information has been duly provided in accordance with the Certification Procedures.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the implications for their 
holding, or the potential purchase or sale of any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Given that the new taxation regime 
is applicable in the Czech Republic only from 1 January 2022, it is not yet possible to determine the exact 
implications that the new regime may have on the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Further, the new tax regime 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is currently associated with many ambiguities and may be subject to further 
changes. 
Risks associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief 
Under Czech tax law, the Issuer is personally liable for (i) any Withholding Tax (all capitalized terms used in this 
risk factor are defined in the section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Taxation) and 
Tax Security (as the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source at the appropriate rate 
under any applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest and principal in respect 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. The Issuer bears the related burden of 
proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities, which necessitates, before any Tax Relief can be granted, collection of the 
Beneficial Ownership Information.  
Accordingly, for so long as this requirement is stipulated by Czech tax law, unless the Issuer receives, in 
accordance with the Certification Procedures, the Beneficial Ownership Information in relation to a payment of 
principal and interest in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (whether this is because the relevant Beneficial 
Owner fails to provide such information or because the Certification Procedures have not been duly followed or 
for any other reason, except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents), the Issuer 
will withhold (i) up to 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond and (ii) if such Mortgage Covered Bond was issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. below 
par) 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond unless the Issuer 
has in its possession all the necessary information (by virtue of other means and as determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion) enabling the Issuer not to apply the Withholding Tax (or to apply it at a lower rate) or not to apply 
the Tax Security (as the case may be) and the Issuer will not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding. 
As a result, the Beneficial Owner will be required to provide, in order to be entitled to any Tax Relief, the 
Beneficial Ownership Information. If the Beneficial Owner fails to provide the Beneficial Ownership Information 
or it is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, payments of interest to such Beneficial Owner will be subject to 
Withholding Tax of up to 35 per cent. and if the Mortgage Covered Bond was issued at a price lower than its 
principal amount (i.e. below par), the Tax Security of 1 per cent. from any payment of principal on such Mortgage 
Covered Bond will also apply. However, if the Beneficial Owner would otherwise be entitled to any Tax Relief, 
it may then make use of the Quick Refund Procedure to recover any such amounts withheld.  
Should the Beneficial Owner, who would otherwise be entitled to any Tax Relief, fail for any reason to make use 
of the Quick Refund Procedure, the Beneficial Owner may make use – with respect to Withholding Tax only – of 
the Standard Refund Procedure. There is a risk, however, that such Beneficial Owner may not, in spite of duly 
providing the Beneficial Ownership Information obtain a refund of any amounts withheld, as under the Standard 
Refund Procedure, it is conditional on the ability of the Issuer to, firstly, successfully obtain a corresponding 
refund of the amounts originally withheld and paid to the Czech tax authorities. The use of the Standard Refund 
Procedure is also subject to a fee in respect of the Issuer’s administrative costs in following this procedure. 
In addition, a concept of the Entitlement Date (as defined below), which is reflected in the Terms and Conditions 
and will also be taken into account for the purposes of the Certification Procedures, may adversely affect the 
Beneficial Owner’s eligibility for any Tax Relief to be granted under these procedures (see risk factor Entitlement 
date applicable in respect of the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds below). 
The Certification Procedures have not yet been tested in practice and, as such, there is a risk that the procedures 
may be burdensome on the Beneficial Owners or result in additional costs being incurred by the Beneficial 
Owners. Further, the Issuer accepts no responsibility and will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any 
Beneficial Owner who would otherwise be entitled to a Tax Relief, but payments on the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
to whom are nonetheless paid net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security (as the case may be) withheld by the 
Issuer either because the Certification Procedures have proven ineffective or because the Certification Procedures 
have not been duly followed or for any other reason, except where this is caused by actions or omissions of the 
Issuer or its agents.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Where the Beneficial Owner does not hold Mortgage Covered Bonds directly on an account in the books of the 
ICSDs, it may not be able to benefit from the Certification Procedures if the intermediary through which it holds 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the respective ICSD has not implemented the Certification Procedures.  
In addition, in accordance with the terms and conditions between the ICSDs and the participants to the ICSDs, 
the ICSDs are not obliged to provide tax assistance and may unilaterally decide to discontinue the application of 
tax services, for which no liability for any consequences is accepted. Consequently, there is a risk that the 
Certification Procedures may be discontinued at any time. 
See section Taxation for a fuller description of certain tax considerations relating to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and the formalities which the Beneficial Owners must follow in order to claim exemption from Withholding Tax 
and Tax Security (as applicable) as well as the procedures and formalities for claiming a refund of amounts that 
have been withheld, where applicable. 
Amendments to terms and conditions 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders are subject to the risk of losing rights vis-à-vis the Issuer against their will in the 
event that the other Mortgage Covered Bondholders agree pursuant to the Final Terms with the Issuer to make 
certain amendments to the terms and conditions by majority vote according to the German Bond Act (in German, 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) and the particular Mortgage Covered Bondholder is supporting a dissenting view on 
a matter. As the relevant majority for Mortgage Covered Bondholders in relation to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent 
of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding. 
In the case of an appointment of a common representative for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, a particular 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce his rights against the Issuer 
regardless of other Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds with a Cap 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be equipped with a cap with respect to the interest payment. In that 
case, the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield of 
these Mortgage Covered Bonds could therefore be lower than that of similarly structured Mortgage Covered 
Bonds without a cap. The market value of such Mortgage Covered Bonds may decrease or fluctuate over their 
term to a higher extent than comparable interest structured Mortgage Covered Bonds without a cap. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds with a participation rate (factor) 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be equipped with a feature that, for the calculation of interest payable 
on the Mortgage Covered Bonds, an amount calculated on the basis of the interest provisions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will be multiplied by a participation rate (factor). 
In the case of a participation rate (factor) which is below 100 per cent. (a factor smaller than 1), Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders usually participate less on a positive performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this would be 
the case in the event of a multiplication with a factor of 1 or if Mortgage Covered Bonds are not equipped with a 
participation rate (factor). In other words, the variable interest rate payable on the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
increases less than the relevant reference price(s). However, in the case of a participation rate (factor) which is 
above 100 per cent. (a factor bigger than 1), Mortgage Covered Bondholders usually are exposed to the risk that, 
despite of the influence of other features, the accrual of interest will decrease more in the case of a negative 
performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this would be the case in the event of a multiplication with a 
factor of 1 or if Mortgage Covered Bonds are not equipped with a participation rate (factor). 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Zero coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds do not pay current interest (the Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
but are issued at a discount from their nominal value (discounted Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds) or at

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
their nominal value (compounded Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds). Instead of periodical interest 
payments, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until 
maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk that the price of such Mortgage Covered Bonds falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of Fixed 
Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than 
interest bearing Mortgage Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. 
The Maturity Date may be delayed to the Extended Maturity Date under the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) is applicable to a Series 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) or if any other relevant circumstance set out in the 
Conditions occurs, the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds not redeemed 
will be automatically extended up to (and including) the date designated as an “Extended Maturity Date” in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Extended Maturity Date). In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or part of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date, up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. In that event also, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms, save in respect of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds from the 
Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and Related Information. 
As discussed in The Mortgage Covered Bondholders share the Issuer’s Cover Pool with the holders of all Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer above, the Issuer’s Cover Pool is shared by all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders. This means that if particular Final Terms specify Extended Maturity Date as applicable, 
there is a risk that, in the event that the Issuer were in financial difficulty the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
relation to that Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds would not be paid as quickly as Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
in respect of similar Series without an Extended Maturity Date. This would put such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders at a disadvantage if the Issuer entered into financial difficulties in the period between the Maturity 
Date and the Extended Maturity Date as other Series of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds might be paid by the 
Issuer after the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before any financial difficulty or increased financial 
difficulty were obvious.  
The concept of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under and governed by foreign law was adopted by 
the Czech Bonds Act in 2012 and it is not certain how the Czech Bonds Act as well as the CNB Decree and the 
relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will be interpreted in judicial, administrative or other relevant 
practice following the date of issue of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The current wording of Section 28(1) of the Czech Bonds Act provides that Czech covered bonds (in Czech, kryté 
dluhopisy) are either: (i) bonds (in Czech, dluhopisy) which are issued under and governed by Czech law; or (ii) 
similar debt securities representing a right for repayment of an owed amount issued under foreign law, which as 
of the respective issue date meet the Statutory Tests. 
The Czech Bonds Act has been amended already in 2012 to enable the mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, 
hypoteční zástavní listy) (i.e. the only category of then recognized Czech covered bonds) to be issued not only as 
Czech law governed bonds (in Czech, dluhopisy) but also as foreign law (e.g., German law) governed debt 
securities such as the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Czech Bonds Act and the issuance of German law governed 
covered bonds have not been tested in Czech courts and, for this reason, there is no relevant case law available. 
It is uncertain how the Czech Bonds Act will be interpreted or whether changes or amendments will be made to 
it which will affect the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Therefore, no assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Czech law (including the Czech Bonds Act, 
the CNB Decree or the Czech Insolvency Act) or administrative or other relevant practice after the date of issue 
of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Additionally, the interpretation of certain provisions of Czech law, in particular commercial, financial and 
insolvency laws, is not well established due to little precedent in respect of sophisticated commercial and financial 
transactions between private parties. Furthermore, these laws are subject to changes and interpretation in a manner 
which cannot be currently foreseen and anticipated, and which may affect the rights and obligations arising in 
connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In addition, any change in legislation or in practice in the Czech Republic, Luxembourg, Germany or in any other 
relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact: (i) the ability of the Issuer to service the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
and (ii) the market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In any proceedings taken in the Czech Republic for the enforcement of the obligations of the Issuer under any 
contract governed by German law, the Czech courts should recognise the choice of German law as the governing 
law of such contract subject to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on the law applicable to contractual obligations (the Rome I Regulation). To the extent the rules of 
the Rome I Regulation do not apply to unilateral acts, Section 90 of Czech Act No. 91/2012 Coll., on private 
international law (the Czech Private International Law Act) provides (with effect from 1 January 2014) for free 
choice of law in respect of such unilateral acts. 
Recent changes in the Czech Bonds Act may affect various aspects of the validity or enforceability of the 
Issuer’s or the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights and obligations including those under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds  
A significant amendment No. 307/2018 Coll. to the Czech Bonds Act which introduced a new legal framework 
of Czech covered bonds including ring-fencing of the Cover Pool from the Issuer’s general insolvency estate has 
entered into force on 4 January 2019. This framework was substantially modified by Act No. 96/2022 Coll., in 
particular in order to transpose into Czech law the directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision (the 
Covered Bond Directive). Considering that this new regulatory framework took effect from 4 January 2019 and 
its amendment transposing the Covered Bond Directive took effect from 29 May 2022, there is no case law and 
very limited market practice at this moment. It is not clear how the new and untested regulatory framework and 
regulations will be interpreted in the future and what effect such interpretation will have on the validity and 
enforceability of certain rights and obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds do not contain a cross-default provisions 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds do not contain a cross-default provision in respect of 
the Issuer’s Local Bond Programmes. In some cases, the covered bonds issued under the Local Bond Programmes 
which benefit from the same cover pool may be accelerated as a result of an event of default occurring under the 
Local Bond Programmes that is not present under the Programme. As a result, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
would not be able to accelerate in some circumstances in which the holders of the covered bonds under the Local 
Bond Programmes would (if the cross-default provision is contained therein). If the holders of the relevant covered 
bonds issued under the Local Bond Programmes would accelerate and their claims were satisfied, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders might be in a worse position as they could still face a potential pari passu haircut under 
Section 32e(1) of the Czech Bonds Act and there would generally be less assets to distribute in a situation where 
the Covered Block would be over-indebted and the excess claims would rely on being satisfied on a pari passu 
basis with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
Risks related to the nature of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Entitlement date applicable in respect of the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Although the concept of a record date or entitlement date is not usually applicable to Bearer Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the Terms and Conditions introduce this concept as the Certification Procedures (see risk factor Risks 
associated with the evidencing of Beneficial Owner’s entitlement to Tax Relief above) require for it to be present 
in the documentation to ensure that the Certification Procedures work as intended. The concept of a record date 
or entitlement date serves as a cut-off date for determining the Mortgage Covered Bondholders entitled to receive 
payments of principal, interest or other amounts in respect of the Notes as at the relevant payment date. 
Application of such concept in respect of the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds has not been tested in practice.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
As set out in the Terms and Conditions, any payments of principal, interest or any additional amounts in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will only be made to a Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder as of the close of business on the date being 15 Business Days prior to due date for the 
relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). Accordingly, in case of any sale and transfer of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the period between the Entitlement Date and the relevant payment date, the Issuer will pay such 
amounts to a Mortgage Covered Bondholder that held the Mortgage Covered Bonds as of the Entitlement Date 
and not to a Mortgage Covered Bondholder to which the Mortgage Covered Bonds had been transferred after the 
Entitlement Date. Such Mortgage Covered Bondholder will not be able to recover any amounts paid to the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder that held the Mortgage Covered Bonds as of the Entitlement Date. 
Risks relating to market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The market value (or the market price) of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be affected by a number of factors 
such as prevailing interest and yield rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions or, as the 
case may be, the remaining term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are traded after 
their initial issuance, these factors may lead to a market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds being substantially 
below their Issue Price. The market value, at which a Mortgage Covered Bondholder will be able to sell the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, may be substantially below the Issue Price. The Issuer does not guarantee that the 
spread between purchase and selling prices lies within a certain range or remains constant. If the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder sells the Mortgage Covered Bonds at a time where the market value of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds is below the Issue Price he will suffer a loss. 
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk is one of the central risks of interest-bearing Mortgage Covered Bonds. The interest rate 
level on the money and capital markets may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to change on a daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes 
of the market interest rate level. Mortgage Covered Bondholders of floating rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may 
receive a lower interest amount than they have initially expected. Mortgage Covered Bondholders of fixed rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are exposed to an interest rate risk that could result in a diminution in value of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds if the market interest rate level increases. In general, the effects of this risk increase as 
the market interest rates increase. 
Currency risk with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction where 
the investor is domiciled or where the investor seeks to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies (the 
Currency Exchange Rates) are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency 
markets, which are affected by macro-economic factors, speculations and intervention by the central banks and 
governments (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in Currency Exchange 
Rates may have a negative impact on the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and may result in a loss. 
Risks associated with over-indebted Covered Block and the principle of dual recourse 
In the case of the Issuer’s insolvency, Czech law allows Mortgage Covered Bondholders to benefit from dual 
recourse against the (i) Cover Pool, which covers the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued under this Programme, and (ii) insolvency estate of the Issuer. Where, after the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the Cover Pool is lower than the total nominal 
value of the debts for which the Cover Pool serves (i.e. the Covered Block is over-indebted), the Covered Block 
Administrator shall quantify the claims of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders to the extent in which they are not 
covered by the Cover Pool and, without undue delay, shall send such quantification to the insolvency court within 
the period stipulated by the applicable law (typically two months). Upon delivery of the quantification, the 
respective claims contained therein are deemed to be registered within the insolvency proceedings (in order to 
seek satisfaction from the insolvency estate of the Issuer). The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may also register 
these claims themselves. 
However, if the Covered Block Administrator fails to quantify the relevant claims of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders within the above-mentioned period for registration of claims with the insolvency court and the 
Covered Bondholders do not make the respective registration themselves within one year after the lapse of the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
period for registration of claims, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will no longer be able to register such claims 
with the insolvency court. 
The over-indebted Covered Block can also be subject to the proportional (pari passu) decrease of all debts from 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds for whose cover the Cover Pool serves (the Pari Passu Haircut) (see section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 11. Insolvency of 
the Issuer and the Cover Pool below). The Pari Passu Haircut will not result in a permanent reduction of the 
nominal values of all such debts, but the amounts exceeding the Pari Passu Haircut shall not be covered by the 
respective Cover Pool. While the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be able to register their claims in the 
amount exceeding the Pari Passu Haircut within the respective insolvency proceedings, such claims will be 
satisfied on a pari passu basis with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
If any of these risks materialise, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders might lose a part of their investment. 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may share the Issuer’s Cover Pool with the holders of other covered bonds 
issued by the Issuer 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves and with all 
other covered bonds issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the Cover Pool and with other 
obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may create one cover pool, providing cover for all covered bonds 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, or several cover pools, in which case the Issuer has 
to specify covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act should be covered by each 
cover pool.  
Thus, all holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme have the benefit of the Cover Pool 
(i.e. of the same cover pool). Furthermore, the Issuer is not limited in the nature or volume of covered bonds it 
may issue in the future which will be covered by the Cover Pool, and may therefore also issue further Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or other covered bonds without a limitation in terms of volume which will be covered 
by the same cover pool as the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme.  
Under the Czech Bonds Act, without undue delay after (i) the CNB has filed an insolvency petition seeking the 
Declaration of the Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer 
has entered into liquidation or (iv) the CNB has revoked the Issuer’s banking licence, the CNB appoints an 
involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých bloků) (the Covered Block 
Administrator). Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator manages all the covered blocks of the 
Issuer, including the Covered Block (which is constituted by the Cover Pool and the debts that the Cover Pool 
covers). 
If the CNB would appoint the Covered Block Administrator, and if the Covered Block Administrator realised any 
proceeds from the Cover Pool (in accordance with its powers described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 11. Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool 
below), the proceeds would be distributed among all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the holders of any other 
covered bonds issued by the Issuer then outstanding that will be covered by the Cover Pool and the creditors of 
other debts covered by the Cover Pool. This may result in Mortgage Covered Bondholders receiving less than the 
total interest and principal they were expecting in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer 
will comply with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test, there can be no assurance that the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool will have sufficient value to meet all payments due in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds, Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
Use of Net Proceeds may not meet investors’ sustainable investment criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of those Mortgage Covered 
Bonds specifically for projects and activities that promote social and environmental purposes (the Eligible Green 
Projects and/or the Eligible Social Projects, as applicable). UniCredit Group has established a Sustainability

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Bond Framework which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects and Eligible 
Social Projects based on the recommendations included in the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green, 
social and sustainability bonds published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles, the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines and together, 
the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles). The Sustainability Bond Framework can be accessed on the website 
of UniCredit Group (https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/esg-investors/sustainability-bonds.html). For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainability Bond Framework nor the content of the website or any Second 
Party Opinion (as defined below) are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Sustainability 
Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Mortgage Covered Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Compliance with further voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche(s) of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer may refer to such Mortgage Covered Bonds as “green Mortgage Covered Bonds” (the Green Mortgage 
Covered Bonds), “social Mortgage Covered Bonds” (the Social Mortgage Covered Bonds) or “sustainability 
Mortgage Covered Bonds” (the Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds). The definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable”, “sustainability” or an equivalently-labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it 
is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission published a commission proposal with the aim to create a voluntary 
European green bond standard. A provisional agreement by the Council and the European Parliament has been 
reached on the European Green Bond Standard on 1 March 2023 (the Taxonomy Regulation). The standard will 
use the definitions of green economic activities in the EU taxonomy to define what is considered a green 
investment. The Mortgage Covered Bonds issued as green bonds under this Programme may not at any time be 
eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of “European green bond” or “EuGB” nor is the Issuer 
under any obligation to take steps to have any such Mortgage Covered Bonds become eligible for such 
designation. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainability and positive social impact (ie any significant or positive change that solves or at least addresses 
social injustice and challenges) markets, there is a risk that the Sustainability Bond Framework may (or may not) 
be modified in the future to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles, the 
Taxonomy Regulation and/or the EU Green Bond Standard. Such changes may have a negative impact on the 
market price and the liquidity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued prior to the amendment. 
Application of net proceeds of such Mortgage Covered Bonds for a portfolio of Eligible Green Projects will not 
result in any security, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder of any such Mortgage Covered Bonds, nor will the performance of such projects or assets 
give rise to any specific claims under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or attribution of losses in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring advisor/agent 
or any sustainability advisor or second party opinion provider or any other person (including UniCredit Group) 
that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “ESG”, 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “sustainability”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring advisor/agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are 
required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers, 
any green or ESG structuring advisor/agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so specified for Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the Sustainability Bond Framework, there can be no 
assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring advisor/agent or any other person (including 
UniCredit Group) that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects 
and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. Nor can there be any 
assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring advisor/agent or any other person (including 
UniCredit Group) that such Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. As further specified below, any such event or 
any failure by the Issuer to do so will not give the Mortgage Covered Bondholder the right to early terminate the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or 
in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on (as further specified 
below) and/or any such Mortgage Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Mortgage Covered Bonds which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Further, this – as well as a scenario where the maturity of an Eligible Green Project or Eligible Social Project (as 
applicable) does not match the minimum duration of any Green Mortgage Covered Bond, Social Mortgage 
Covered Bond or Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bond – will not constitute an event of default under the 
respective Mortgage Covered Bond or entitle the Mortgage Covered Bondholders to any other claim or right such 
as to an early termination right. The failure to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue of such 
Mortgage Covered Bond for any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, does not 
lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the relevant Mortgage Covered Bond early nor will be taken into 
account by the Issuer when determining whether any optional early redemption rights shall be exercised. 
Sustainability evaluations 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (such opinion or certification 
also referred to as a Second-Party Opinion). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may 
affect the value of any Mortgage Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework 
or any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, against which the Issuer may assign 
the proceeds of any Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) to buy, sell or hold any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) 
at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any 
investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will have any recourse 
against the provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion. 
Inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced by 
inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the inflation 
rate is equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
Denominations 
In relation to any issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral 
multiples of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Mortgage Covered Bondholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to trading on a 
regulated market 
Risk that no active trading market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds exists 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be newly issued securities, which may not be widely distributed and for which 
no active trading market may exist and may develop. 
Although applications could be made for the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be admitted to the regulated market of 
any stock exchange or to any market within the European Economic Area, there is no assurance that such 
applications will be accepted, that a particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance regarding the development or liquidity of 
a trading market for a particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Neither the Issuer nor a Dealer can assure 
that a Mortgage Covered Bondholder will be able to sell their Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to their maturity. If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not traded on any securities exchange, pricing information for the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be more difficult to obtain which may have a negative effect on the liquidity and the market 
prices of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open 
market, by tender or private agreement. Any Mortgage Covered Bonds purchased in this way by the Issuer may 
be held, resold or cancelled. If the Issuer (and/or any of its affiliates) acts as the only market maker or if there is 
no market maker, the secondary market may become even more limited. Market making means a situation in 
which the Issuer and any of its affiliates continuously quote bid and ask prices at which the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates are prepared to trade the Mortgage Covered Bonds in a certain volume. Market making, carried out 
especially by the Issuer and any of its affiliates, may substantially influence the liquidity and/or the value of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. The prices quoted by a market maker usually do not correspond to the prices which 
would have been formed without Market Making and in a liquid market.  
The more limited the secondary market is, the more difficult it may be for Mortgage Covered Bondholders to 
realise the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to the maturity date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Therefore, a certain risk does exist that Mortgage Covered Bondholders have to hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
until the maturity date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed early (if a 
right to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds early is applicable). 
Risks relating to the offering volume 
The offering volume described in the Final Terms is equal to the maximum volume of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds offered, which might be increased at any time. This amount does not allow any conclusions on the volume 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds actually issued, and thus on the liquidity of a potential secondary market 
associated with the same risks as stated above. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer or any of their affiliates has assumed or assumes responsibility towards any 
potential investor for the legality of the acquisition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
potential investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Other risks related to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Ratings 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, 
the Issuer may decide to no longer use the services of a particular rating agency or use the services of another 
rating agency. Any ratings assigned to Mortgage Covered Bonds as at the date hereof are not indicative of future 
performance of the relevant Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, in view of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council on Credit 
Rating Agencies (as amended), rating processes may differ from former ratings and rating processes as a result of 
which the rating of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may differ or may not be available at all. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not covered by the statutory deposit protection (in Czech, pojištění 
pohledávek z vkladů)  
Claims of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders under the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not covered by the statutory 
deposit protection (in Czech, pojištění pohledávek z vkladů). In the case of an over-indebted cover pool, the 
excessive part of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ receivables (i.e. to the extent the value of such receivables 
exceeds the available cover provided by the cover pool) remain uncovered. Such Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ 
claims may only be satisfied together with all other claims of all other general creditors of the Issuer registered 
with the insolvency court. Therefore, in such case and upon the insolvency of the Issuer, Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders could be subject to the risk of a significant loss of their investment in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Transaction costs 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Mortgage Covered Bondholders (direct costs), potential 
investors must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Potential investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds before investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
When Mortgage Covered Bonds are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction 
fees and commissions) are incurred beside the purchase or sale price of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. These 
incidental costs may significantly reduce or even eliminate any profit from holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Generally, credit institutions charge commissions, which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions, depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, for example domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of 
such parties (third-party costs).

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Risks relating to hedging transactions 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders may not be able to make transactions to preclude or limit risks at all times during 
the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Their ability to do so will depend on, among other things, market 
conditions. In some cases investors may make such transactions only at a market price that is disadvantageous to 
them, so that a significant loss will occur. 
Transactions to reduce risks 
Any person intending to use the Mortgage Covered Bonds as a hedging instrument should recognise the 
correlation risk. The correlation risk in this case is the risk that the estimated and the actual correlation of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may differ. This means that the hedging position estimated to move in the opposite 
direction as a security may prove to be correlated with the security, and that this may lead to failure of the 
envisaged hedging transaction. The Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be a perfect hedge to an underlying or 
portfolio of which the underlying forms a part.  
Risks relating to the expansion of the spread between bid and offer prices 
In special market situations, the Issuer may be unable to conclude hedging transactions, or when such transactions 
are very difficult to conclude, the spread between the bid and offer prices which will be quoted by the Issuer may 
be temporarily expanded, in order to limit the economic risk of the Issuer. As a consequence, Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders who sell their Mortgage Covered Bonds on an exchange or directly among market participants via 
so-called over-the-counter dealings (off-exchange) can only sell them at a price that is substantially lower than 
the actual value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds at the time of the sale and will therefore suffer a loss.  
Reinvestment risk 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash resources freed 
from any Mortgage Covered Bonds. The return, the Mortgage Covered Bondholder will receive from a Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, depends not only on the price and the nominal interest rate of the Mortgage Covered Bonds but 
also on whether or not the interest received during the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, if any, can be 
reinvested at the same or a higher interest rate than the rate provided for in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The risk 
that the general market interest rate falls below the interest rate of the Mortgage Covered Bonds during its term is 
generally called reinvestment risk. The extent of the reinvestment risk depends on the individual features of the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising from financing the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If a potential investor decides to finance the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds with funds borrowed from 
a third party, the investor should make sure in advance that he can still pay the interest and principal payments on 
the loan also in the event of a loss. The investor should not rely on gains or profits from the investment in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in order to repay interest and principal of the loans when due and payable. In that case, 
the expected return must be set higher since the costs relating to the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
those relating to the loan (interest, redemption, handling fee) have to be taken into account. 
The Issuer and the Cover Pool may be exposed to substantial foreign exchange and currency mismatches and 
risks related to any issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme denominated in foreign 
currencies (including in EUR or USD), which may be effectively hedged against for the sole benefit of the 
Cover Pool and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders under the currently effective Czech law applicable to the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds only after fulfilling certain requirements in respect of the hedging 
On top of the Issuer and its subsidiaries setting limits and performing certain other measures aimed at reducing 
foreign exchange rate risk, including but not limited to entering into foreign exchange derivative contracts, the 
Issuer may in respect of individual issuances of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme, enter into 
hedging arrangements in the form of cross-currency swap transactions or similar swap or derivative transactions 
(a Hedging Arrangement or the Hedging Arrangements) in order to hedge its foreign exchange or other 
exposures and liabilities (or their part) under the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
eliminate any inherent currency or other mismatches. The Czech Bonds Act allow for a claim or receivable arising 
under a Hedging Arrangement to be included in the Cover Pool or a creditor of a claim or receivable arising under

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
a Hedging Arrangement (the Hedging Counterparty) to have any direct or indirect claim or receivable or priority 
right to the Cover Pool provided that (i) the purpose of the Hedging Arrangement is to hedge against the risks 
related to Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool or the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, (ii) from the terms 
under which the Hedging Arrangement was concluded, it is clear that it is concluded in relation to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, (iii) the terms of the Hedging Arrangement provide that insolvency of an Issuer or a 
crisis resolution or similar measure in respect of an Issuer cannot constitute an event of default or a termination 
or similar event which could lead to early termination of the Hedging Arrangement, and (iv) the Issuer’s 
counterparty to the Hedging Arrangement has granted its prior consent to registration of the Hedging Arrangement 
in the Cover Assets Register (whilst the same applies also to removal of the Hedging Arrangement from the Cover 
Assets Records). 
If the requirements set out in the previous paragraph are not met, the Issuer may enter into the Hedging 
Arrangements only by virtue of on-the-market swap or derivative transactions that would constitute ordinary and 
unsegregated on-balance-sheet claims or obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Hedging Counterparty without any 
specific direct or indirect link to the Cover Pool whatsoever. As a result, any foreign exchange or currency risks 
that the Issuer and the Cover Pool are exposed to in connection with any issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
under the Programme denominated in foreign currencies (including in EUR or USD) may not be effectively 
hedged against for the sole benefit of the Cover Pool and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg as regards 
the transfer, payment and communication 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes may be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Notes are New Global Notes, a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Mortgage Covered Bonds. While the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge the 
payment obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary, or for 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that are New Global Notes, the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely 
on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Note. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Mortgage Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (except for the status provisions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are governed by Czech law) are based on German law in effect as at the date of this 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial or administrative decision or 
changes to German and/or Czech law after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditor’s report and consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular (but excluding the cover page which is not relevant for investors in the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds): 
 
Auditor’s Report ............................................................................... 
226-239 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................... 
61 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  .................................. 
62 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................. 
63 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 
64 
Notes to the Financial Statements (Consolidated) ............................ 
65-142 
 
 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/vyrocni-zpravy/VZ-2022-EN.pdf 
(b) 
the auditor’s report and consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular (but excluding the cover page which is not relevant for investors in the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds): 
 
Auditor’s Report ............................................................................... 
207-213 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................... 
39 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  .................................. 
40 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................. 
41 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 
42 
Notes to the Financial Statements (Consolidated) ............................ 
43-122 
 
 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/vyrocni-zpravy/VZ_2021_EN_final.pdf) 
(c) 
the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the six months ended 
30 June 2023 including the information set out at the following pages in particular (but excluding the 
cover page which is not relevant for investors in the Mortgage Covered Bonds): 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................... 
6-7 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  .................................. 
8 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................. 
10 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 
9 
Notes to the Financial Statements (Consolidated) ............................ 
11-24 
 
 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/vyrocni-zpravy/Pololetni-zprava-2023-ENG.pdf)  
(d) 
the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the six months ended 
30 June 2022 including the information set out at the following pages in particular (but excluding the 
cover page which is not relevant for investors in the Mortgage Covered Bonds): 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................... 
7-8 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  .................................. 
9 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................. 
11 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 
10 
Notes to the Financial Statements (Consolidated) ............................ 
12-25 
 
 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/vyrocni-zpravy/Pololetni-zprava-2022-ENG.pdf)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds contained in the previous base prospectuses 
relating to the Programme: 
(i) 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
June 
2020 
(on 
pages 
58 
to 
212) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-
programme/Frederick_2020_Update_Base_Prospectus_Consolidated_FINAL.pdf); 
(ii) 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
24 
June 
2021 
(on 
pages 
56 
to 
225) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-
programme/UCBCS_%20Base_Prospectus_update_June_2021.pdf); and 
(iii) 
base prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (on pages 60 to 249) (available at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-programme/Project-Frederick-2022-Base-Prospectus.pdf).  
(f) 
the supplements to the previous base prospectuses relating to the Programme (incorporated in their 
entirety): 
(i) 
first supplement dated 3 February 2023 to the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-programme/Project-Frederick-2023-Base-Prospectus-
Supplement.pdf). 
(ii) 
second Supplement dated 9 June 2023 to the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-programme/Project-Frederick-2023-Second-
Supplement.pdf). 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. All documents incorporated by reference will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be approved by 
the CSSF.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
FORM OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
Holding of Mortgage Covered Bonds in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility 
If the recognition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem is intended, the following applies: 
(a) 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in the form of a ‘Classical Global Note’, the ‘Classical Global 
Note’ is intended to be deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt which does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility); or 
(b) 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in the form of a ‘New Global Note’, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the international central securities depositaries 
(ICSDs) as common safekeeper which does not necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND RELATED 
INFORMATION 
 
This section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Related Information comprises the 
following parts: 
I. 
General Information; 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (German language version); 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (English language version); and 
IV. 
Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issue Procedures 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Terms and Conditions) are set forth in the 
following 3 options (each an Option and, together, the Options): 
Option I applies to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Option II applies to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Option III applies to Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Type A and Type B 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or potentially 
a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets and corresponding 
comments. 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds and as documented by the relevant Final 
Terms either in the form of “Type A” or in the form of “Type B”: 
Type A 
If Type A applies to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions) will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to 
the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds by inserting such Option in the Final Terms Part I and will (ii) 
specify and complete such Option so inserted, respectively. 
Where Type A applies, the Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Type B 
If Type B applies to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions) will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to 
the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds and will (ii) specify and complete the variables that shall be 
applicable to such Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds by completing the relevant tables pertaining to the chosen 
Option contained in PART I of the Final Terms. 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed tables pertaining to the relevant Option in PART I of the Final 
Terms, and (ii) the relevant Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions will be attached to the respective 
Global Note. In such case, Mortgage Covered Bondholders have to use the information set out in Part I of the 
relevant Final Terms and read it together with the relevant Terms and Conditions by filling in relevant information 
into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions and by reading information provided in 
Part I of the Relevant Final Terms into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions. 
Language 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds will determine whether the German or the 
English language version of the Terms and Conditions shall be controlling and binding. A translation into the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
English or German language version respectively will be provided for convenience only but will not be part of 
the Final Terms relating to such Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds may also determine that the Terms and 
Conditions are written in the German or in the English language only. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds Qualify as hypoteční zástavní listy under Czech law. In the German language 
version of the Terms and Conditions, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are referred to as “nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen”. Although the terminology is 
slightly different, the English language version and the German language version describe the same kind 
of securities in nature, i.e. mortgage covered bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (GERMAN LANGUAGE 
VERSION) 
 
Option I: Emissionsbedingungen für Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die Serie) von nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) (die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (die Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird 
einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (der Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(die 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. Die 
Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(4) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
[sind Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear).] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs)]. [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(5) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(6) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs 
eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in 
§ 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem 
Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)]Die 
Emittentin 
darf 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff “ Schuldverschreibungen” umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebene Schuldverschreibungen. 
[(5)][(6)] Einzelheiten zur Zeichnung und zum Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen finden sich im Basisprospekt 
(siehe den Abschnitt "Subscription and Sale" im Basisprospekt). 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. Der 
jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn 
eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder einer Anpassung], gemäß § 4 [(2)][(3)] 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig. Die erste

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Zinszahlung wird, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß § 4 ([2][3]), am [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
erfolgen. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen ersten Kupons, einfügen: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung] [[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, 
einfügen] 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag]. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen letzten Kupons, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum vom [Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter 
Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung]. [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. 
Zinsperiode ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich). 
(2) 
Zinssatz meint 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Stufenzins-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
[jährlichen Festzinssatz einfügen]. 
Zinszahltag meint den [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] sowie den Fälligkeitstag.] 
[Im Fall von Stufenzins Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
im Hinblick auf einen Zinszahltag den Prozentsatz, der in der Spalte “Zinssatz” der nachstehenden 
Tabelle für den jeweiligen Zinszahltag vorgesehenen ist. 
Zinszahltag(e) meint jeden Tag, der in der nachstehenden Tabelle in der Spalte “Zinszahltag” aufgeführt 
ist: 
Zinszahltag 
Zinssatz 
[erster Zinszahltag]  
[Zinssatz] 
[Für jeden weiteren Zinszahltag, einfügen: [Zinszahltag einfügen] 
[Zinssatz]] 
Fälligkeitstag 
[Zinssatz]] 
(3) 
Die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags (der Zinsbetrag) erfolgt, indem das Produkt aus Zinssatz und 
Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird. 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
(4) 
Kommt es im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] zu einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen über den Fälligkeitstag hinaus, so werden die Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum relevanten, auf den Fälligkeitstag folgenden Zinszahltag, zu dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden, oder bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
verzinst, und zwar jeweils ausschließlich und je nachdem, welcher dieser beiden Tage eher eintritt, mit 
der Maßgabe von § 2 Abs. 1. In einem solchen Fall sind für diese Schuldverschreibungen Zinsen zu 
einem Satz zu zahlen, der sich nach § 2 Abs. 5 bemisst; diese Zinsen laufen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
monatlich rückwirkend auf den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen auf, und zwar 
bezüglich der Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar vor dem relevanten Zinszahltag endet. Der letzte Zinszahltag 
fällt spätestens auf den Tag des Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags.  
(5) 
Wird die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] über den Fälligkeitstag 
hinaus verlängert, so beträgt der Zinssatz, der von Zeit zu Zeit in Bezug auf den ausstehenden 
Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen an jedem Zinszahltag nach dem Fälligkeitstag für die 
unmittelbar vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag endende Zinsperiode zu zahlen ist, [Prozentsatz einfügen] 
und wird, wo zutreffend, von der Hauptzahlstelle zwei Bankarbeitstage nach dem Fälligkeitstag

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
bezüglich der ersten solchen Zinsperiode bestimmt und danach [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden 
Monats / sonstige angeben] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
(6) 
§ 2 Abs. 4 bis § 2 Abs. 6 finden nur Anwendung, falls die Emittentin es versäumt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Fälligkeitstag (bzw. innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag) (vollständig) zurückzuzahlen, woraufhin die Fälligkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
automatisch im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag verlängert wird.] 
(7) 
Zinstagequotient ist bei der Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden Zinsbetrags für 
jeglichen Zeitraum (der Berechnungszeitraum) 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen: 
die Summe: 
(a) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher 
der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die darauffolgende Zinsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als 
ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
 
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] 
jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als en auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =  
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 
ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der 
letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag 
ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der 
Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des Berechnungszeitraumes 
vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option), 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag)] 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe der 
Festgelegten Stückelung (der Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig [falls ein Verlängerter

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Fälligkeitstag anwendbar ist, einfügen:, vorbehaltlich einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
zum 
[Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
Verlängerte 
Fälligkeitstag) gemäß der Regelung in nachstehendem § 3 [Abs. [3][4][5]]. 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb einer 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die 
Ausgabe der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 Abs. 2 erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; 
auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu 
überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[(2)][(3)]Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die Emittentin 
vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag einer Schuldverschreibung gesetzwidrig geworden ist oder gesetzwidrig 
wird, weiterhin Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder 
Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. Neufassung vor 
dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2] [3] ankündigt, wird sie der 
Hauptzahlstelle (zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an 
der von ihr benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung 
berechtigt ist, unter Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2] [3] 
erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht 
verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt 
der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2] [3] zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) 
mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)][(4)]Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am [Datum 
einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig [oder 
teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
mindestens 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum 
Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Schuldverschreibung] 
[der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
[(3)] [(4)] [(5)] 
Falls: 
[(a) 
die Emittentin oder ein unfreiwilliger Blockadministrator (auf Tschechisch: nucený správce 
krytých bloků) es versäumen, nicht nach ihrem Ermessen, alle diese Schuldverschreibungen 
vollständig zum Fälligkeitstag oder innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen,][oder] 
[(b) 
ein 
in 
§ 
32a(1)(a) 
bis 
32a(1)(d) 
(einschließlich) 
des 
tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzesaufgeführter 
Umstand 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
eintritt,][oder] 
[(c) 
eine Krisenabwicklungsmaßnahme (opatření k řešení krize) in Bezug auf die Emittentin 
auferlegt wurde oder eine Herabschreibung oder Umwandlung von zulässigen 
Kapitalinstrumenten und zulässigen konzerninternen Verbindlichkeiten (odpis nebo konverze 
odepisovatelných kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) gegen die Emittentin 
im Einklang mit dem anwendbaren Recht für die Sanierung und Abwicklung auf den 
Finanzmärkten,][oder] 
[(d) 
ein in Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer i) oder Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer 
ii) der CRR genannter Umstand eintritt in Bezug auf die Emittentin;][oder] 
[(e) 
die Emittentin die in § 28aa des tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzesfestgelegten 
Anforderungen an den Liquiditätsdeckungspuffer nicht erfüllt oder sie durch die vollständige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibung am Fälligkeitstag nicht die Liquiditätsanforderungen 
gemäß dem unmittelbar anwendbaren EU-Rechts erfüllen würde,] 
 
wird die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen und das Datum, zu dem diese Schuldverschreibungen für 
die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen zur Rückzahlung anstehen, automatisch bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) verlängert. In einem solchen Fall ist die Emittentin

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
berechtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Zinszahltag 
zurückzuzahlen, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, und zwar bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
 
 [(4)] [(5)] [(6)] 
Die Emittentin hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern (im Einklang mit § 11) 
und der Hauptzahlstelle mindestens fünf Bankarbeitstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag oder dem jeweiligen 
Zinszahltag mitzuteilen, ob sie beabsichtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz oder teilweise vollständig zurückzuzahlen. Unterlässt es die Emittentin, die jeweilige Person 
solcherart zu verständigen, so hat dies keine Auswirkungen auf die Gültigkeit und Wirksamkeit der 
etwaigen Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag. 
Die Hauptzahlstelle wird das Clearingsystem von der Mitteilung seitens der Emittentin (falls zutreffend) 
unverzüglich nach Erhalt (und jedenfalls innerhalb von mindestens drei Bankarbeitstagen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen) verständigen. Zur Klarstellung: Falls die Hauptzahlstelle 
keine Mitteilung von der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [4] [5] [6] erhalten hat, soll sich die 
Hauptzahlstelle darum bemühen, das Clearingsystem von dem Umstand zu informieren, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen nicht zum Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
[(5)] [(6)] [(7)] 
Eine einmal erfolgte Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] ist unwiderruflich. Soweit § 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] anwendbar ist, stellt ein 
Versäumnis der Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen am Fälligkeitstag (es sei denn, die Emittentin 
hat im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] [6] die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen angezeigt) oder 
eine Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag gemäß 
§ 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] keinen Kündigungsgrund für irgendwelchen Zweck dar, und gibt keinem 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger das Recht, eine Zinszahlung, Kapital oder andere Zahlungen auf die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu erhalten, es sei denn, solche Zahlungen sind ausdrücklich in 
diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vorgesehen.  
[(6)] [(7)] [(8)] 
[Bei einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 Abs. 
[3] [4] [5] werden Zinssätze, Zinsperioden und Zinszahltage betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) im Einklang mit 
§ 2 Abs. 4 bis § 2 Abs. 6 und [andere angeben] bestimmt.] 
[(7)] [(8)] [(9)] 
Wenn die Emittentin einen Teil und nicht den gesamten Betrag des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen an einem Zinszahltag, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag fällt, zurückzahlt, werden die Rückzahlungserlöse anteilig über die Schuldverschreibungen 
verteilt und der auf die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehende Nennbetrag wird um die Höhe dieser 
Rückzahlung reduziert.  
[(8)] [(9)] [(10)] 
Solange eine dieser Schuldverschreibungen noch in Umlauf ist, wird die Emittentin 
keine weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, es sei denn, die Erlöse aus der Emission 
solcher weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen werden von der Emittentin bei der Begebung 
dazu 
verwendet, 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vollständig oder teilweise zu tilgen.  
[(9)] [(10)] [(11)] 
§§ 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis § 3 Abs. [9][10][11] finden nur Anwendung, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen automatisch im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis zum Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert wird.] 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin: einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis 
zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. 2 einfügen: 
(d) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. 2 bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu zahlen 
einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen [.] [oder]] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. [2] [3] einfügen: 
(e) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. [2] [3] bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu 
zahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen[.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] des Zinsbetrags / der Zinsbeträge[,][und] [des Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am 
jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]” multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] am jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der Geschäftstagekonvention. 
[Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet [TARGET] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (der Ersatz-
Fixing Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge [und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, 
wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der 
Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen Wechselkurses (der Ersatz-Wechselkurs) 
bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-
Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder 
aus der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung 
findet, oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar 
machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen 
Ausführung ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
(der Zahltag) auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag.] 
 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] [verschoben wird], 
werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (bezeichnet als TARGET oder T2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, der 
Schuldverschreibungs-gläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, der 15 Bankarbeitstage vor dem 
maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt (das Berechtigungsdatum), ist. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen11 verzinst. Diese 
Verzinsung beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der der tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 
definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die Zahlstellen) 
 
11  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß 
§ 11 mitzuteilen. 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
[(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (die Berechnungsstelle).] 
([2][3]) Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder die Berechnungsstelle] 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine 
andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] [, bzw. eine 
andere Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle] zu ernennen. Eine 
Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist 
von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die 
Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
([4][5]) Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern und Steuersicherheiten (je nach 
Sachlage), die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen oder 
anderen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen 
sind, sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die Emittentin, bevor 
eine Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über das 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
ordnungsgemäß 
erhoben 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in 
Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 6. 
 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die 
Steuern), insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine 
zusätzlichen Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. 
Die Emittentin wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen 
staatlichen Stellen Rechenschaft ablegen.] 
 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
für oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben jeglicher Art, die von oder 
im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In einem solchen Fall wird die Emittentin in Bezug 
auf Zahlungen von Zinsen (falls zutreffend) die zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug erhaltenen 
Nettobeträge den jeweiligen Zinsbeträgen entsprechen, die ihnen ansonsten in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zustehen würden; mit der Ausnahme, 
dass keine solchen zusätzlichen Beträge in Bezug auf Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diese Schuldverschreibung steuerpflichtig ist, 
weil er eine [andere] Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat [als nachstehend unter Buchstabe 
(g) angegeben]; 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, es sei denn, der Inhaber hätte bei Vorlage an diesem dreißigsten Tag 
Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Betrag, wenn er die Schuldverschreibung zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt, dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 Abs. [2][3] definiert) 
gewesen. 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im Namen der 
Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige Informationen 
über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag erhalten hat, sofern 
solche Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche Freistellungsanträge im 
Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt werden, es sei denn, dies 
ist auf Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer Erfüllungsgehilfen 
zurückzuführen; 
(e) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung auf der Grundlage der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, 
die die Emittentin im Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erhalten hat, für oder aufgrund der 
Steuersicherheit erfolgt;  
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine in der Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässige 
natürliche Person ist[.] [; oder 
(g) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin kapitalmäßig verbundene Person ist]. 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Preis begeben 
werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von jeder Kapitalzahlung 
auf eine solche Schuldverschreibung], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist nach eigenem Ermessen davon 
überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es der Emittentin ermöglichen, die 
Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem niedrigeren Satz anzuwenden [oder die Steuersicherheit nicht 
anzuwenden]. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 11 auf 
die in diesem § 6 (1) genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 Tagen, die den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 11 für jede derartige 
Festsetzung 
zu 
gewähren 
ist, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) zu einer Bestimmung dieses 
§ 6 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren 
oder einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der Bedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen anzusehen. 
(4) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code, irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren 
offizieller Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Zusammenarbeit in diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz 
zur Umsetzung oder in Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird. 
(5) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber einer Schuldverschreibung, wenn dieser 
Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diese Schuldverschreibung 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im 
obigen Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die 
Identität und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der 
Emittentin ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichterung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Website der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in 
ihrer jeweils geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung. 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen 
Republik steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem 
einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 
586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein Steuerzahler, 
der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat).] 
[OECD bedeutet Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development);] 
[Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25% des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25% der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht.] 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an 
dem die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller 
Höhe in einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder 
vor diesem Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) 
eine entsprechende Mitteilung an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es 
in Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
Steuersicherheit bezeichnet einen besonderen Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar). 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der 
Tschechischen Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der tschechische Steuerausländer als 
Steueransässiger des letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem 
Steuerabkommen um das Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im 
Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 7

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 15 handelt es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
begebene, 
mit 
Hypotheken gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus den von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben.  
(3) 
[Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich um [sog. “CRR-kompatible” Schuldverschreibungen][ 
„Europäische Gedeckte Schuldverschreibungen (Premium)“], die den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei denen ausschließlich die CRR-
Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen.] 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehens; und  
(ii) 
80 % des Wertes der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR Wohn 
Hypothekendarlehens; 
(b) 
Für jedes CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden 
Größe: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen; und  
(ii) 
60 % des Wertes der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR Gewerbliches 
Hypothekendarlehen; 
(c) 
Für jedes Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden 
Größe: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz; und  
(ii) 
den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz; 
(d) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition deren ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle 
aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug hierauf; 
(e) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen 
in Bezug hierauf; und

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(f) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht. 
(g) 
Liquide Mittel: den ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen in Bezug hierauf. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 4. Juni 2020, geändert und neu 
gefasst am 22. Mai 2023, zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent und Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als 
Sonderaufseher (der Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Handelsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder TARGET für Zahlungen oder Wechselgeschäfte 
mit dem Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
vor dem Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jährlich jedes Datum 
seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, 
das zumindest einen Kalendermonat nach solchem ersten Eintreten folgt. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
Bargeld 
bezeichnet 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 
31(2)(d) 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der Angepassten Werte 
für alle Deckungsaktiva. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien genügen (soweit auf die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar). 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (sofern anwendbar für das konkrete Deckungsaktiva) festgelegt sind, 
und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung). 
CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet ein CRR-Hypothekendarlehen besichert durch 
eine Beliehene Immobilie die eine Gewerbeimmobilie im Sinne der CRR ist. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) in Bezug auf die alle einschlägigen 
Anforderungen die in Artikel 208 und Artikel 229 Absatz 1 der CRR genannten Anforderungen erfüllt 
sind.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch das belehnte 
Grundstück besichert ist, bei dem es sich um eine Wohnimmobilie gemäß Artikel 4(75) der CRR handelt.  
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß § 
31 Abs. 2 a) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die in § 31(2)(b) und (c) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes angegeben Forderungen, die auch mit § 31(2)(a) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes entsprechen. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., über 
die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese tschechischem 
oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie im Rahmen des Programms (als 
die 
hierin 
definierten 
Schuldverschreibungen), 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
Lokalen 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms, im Rahmen eines von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden 
Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. sowie weitere 
von Zeit zu Zeit im Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf 
fortlaufender Basis ernannte Dealer (zusammen die Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neugefasste Dealer Agreement vom 12. Oktober 2023 
zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent, UniCredit Bank AG als Arrangeur und Dealer, und UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. als Dealer. 
Schulden  alle von der Deckungsmasse gedeckten Schulden im Sinne der in § 28a Abs. 1 und 2 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes festgelegten Gesetzlichen Tests. 
Verzug  bedeutet einen Verzug des Darlehensnehmers im Rahmen des Hypothekendarlehens gemäß 
Artikel 178 der CRR oder ein Versäumnis des Darlehensnehmers, eine Zahlung in Bezug auf das 
Hypothekendarlehen innerhalb von 90 Tagen ab dem Datum, an dem es fällig und zahlbar wurde, zu 
leisten. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein Hypothekendarlehen, bei dem ein Verzug eingetreten ist und 
andauert.  
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der Verordnung 
(EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale Gegenparteien 
und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der MiFID II-
Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen gemäß § 31 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den [30. September 2023]; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm 
begibt; 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neugefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 12. Oktober 2023 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Liquide Mittel bezeichnet die im Deckungsvermögensregister gemäß § 28aa(3) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragenen Mittel. 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm bezeichnet das (dritte, ruhende) CZK 100.000.000.000 
Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin für die Begebung von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten 
Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den Anforderungen 
von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung genügen (und somit die Definition der Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllen) sowie (ii) anderen gemäß tschechischem Recht im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, sodann das (zweite, ruhende) CZK 
20.000.000.000 Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin mit ausstehenden mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den 
Anforderungen von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und 
der 
Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung 
genügen (und 
somit 
die 
Definition 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllen), und schließlich ein ruhendes EUR 5.000.000.000 Programm für 
Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin, vertreten durch ihre Niederlassung in der Slowakei, für die Begebung 
von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypotekárne záložné listy) gemäß 
slowakischem Recht, die den Anforderungen von §§ 14 ff. des slowakischen Gesetzes Nr. 530/1990 Slg., 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(Slowakisches 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) genügen sowie (ii) anderen gemäß slowakischem Recht im Einklang mit 
dem Slowakischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Beleihungsauslauf  bezeichnet das prozentuale Verhältnis der Forderungen der Emittentin aus einem 
Hypothekendarlehen geteilt durch den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie der betreffenden, durch das 
Hypothekendarlehen besicherten Beliehenen Immobilie. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ist, den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die in der Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz und die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen eine Immobilie, die 
alle relevanten Voraussetzungen gemäß §§ 29 und 30 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
erfüllt und die zur Besicherung des Hypothekendarlehens verpfändet ist.  
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
dem 
anzuwendenden 
Recht 
(einschl. 
des 
Tschechischen 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetzes) und mit den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung 
Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde. 
Nennwert bezeichnet den ausstehenden Kapitalsaldo einer Tschechischen Schuldverschreibung oder 
einer anderen Schuld oder eines Wertpapiers bzw. eine Summe davon wenn der Kontext dies erfordert. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 164/2014 Slg. der CNB vom 30. Juli 2014 
(Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) über die Umsetzung einiger 
Bestimmungen des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, wie durch die CNB-Verordnung 
ersetzt. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 10.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen zusammen mit allen 
im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Eingetragener Nennwert ist der Teil des Nennwerts eines Hypothekendarlehens, der gemäß § 3 Absatz 
2 Buchstabe g) der CNB-Verordnung zum Zweck der Einhaltung von § 28a des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes im Deckungsregister eingetragen ist. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in tschechischen 
Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für die Umrechnung 
der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bereitstellt, der 
der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für die 
relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag, 
der der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das slowakische Gesetz Nr. 483/2001 Slg., über Banken, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Staatliche Subvention bezeichnet jede Subvention oder ähnliche Leistung im Sinne der Verordnung der 
tschechischen Regierung Nr. 249/2002 Slg. über die Bedingungen für die Gewährung von Subventionen 
in Bezug auf Hypothekarkredite für Personen unter 36 Jahren (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) und der 
Verordnung der tschechischen Regierung Nr. 244/1995 Slg. über die Bedingungen für die Gewährung 
von Finanzhilfen für Hypothekarkredite für den Wohnungsbau (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) oder 
Leistungen ähnlicher Art, die in das tschechische oder slowakische Recht eingeführt wurden oder nach 
dem Datum des Basisprospekts eingeführt wurden oder werden; zur Vermeidung von Zweifeln schließt 
die Definition der staatlichen Subvention keine Steuervorteile ein.Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle 
vorgeschriebenen Tests, die die Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder 
Deckungsmasse gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen oder Vorschriften, insbesondere dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, erfüllen muss, einschließlich der in Abschnitt 28a Abs. 1, 2 und 3 und § 
28aa des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests. 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien für die in der 
Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Deckungsaktiva, wie sie in den anwendbaren Gesetzen oder Verordnungen, 
einschließlich 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
und 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
insbesondere in den §§ 30 und 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, festgelegt sind. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (der Ersten Person) zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (die Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden bzw. 
beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis zur 
Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, oder 
anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und 
(e) 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, ergänzten, 
erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.  
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse 
mindestens 
110 
% 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennwerts 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt (der Vertragliche Deckungstest). In Bezug auf den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest, sofern das geltende Recht nichts anderes vorschreibt, wird jeder Betrag in Bezug auf den 
Vertragliche Deckungstest (i) wenn er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, in 
tschechischen Kronen berechneter Gegenwert dieses Betrages, der unter Verwendung des für diese 
Beträge Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt ermittelt wird ii) wenn er auf 
tschechische Kronen lautet, in dem entsprechenden Betrag in tschechischen Kronen. 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen 
ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Schuldverschreibungen abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien erfüllt (zusammen die 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien): 
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem oder slowakischem Recht;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(b) 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgezahlt sind und der betreffende Darlehensnehmer 
kein Recht oder Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Vorschuss von der Emittentin hat; 
(c) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sahen zum Zeitpunkt der Auszahlung keine Staatlichen 
Subventionen in Bezug auf das Kapital oder die Zinsen vor; 
(d) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine erfasste Immobilie gemäß Auszug aus dem Tschechischen 
Grundbuch (“Immobilienkataster” – katastr nemovitostí) oder dem entsprechenden 
Immobilienverzeichnis einer maßgeblichen Jurisdiktion; 
(e) 
die Hypothekendarlehen wurden an eine oder mehrere natürliche Personen bzw. eine oder 
mehrere juristische Personen vergeben; 
(f) 
die Hypothekendarlehen werden bedient, und sind nicht in Verzug; 
(g) 
bei jedem Hypothekendarlehen der Höchstbetrag der gesicherten Forderungen der Emittentin 
mindestens dem Eingetragenen Nennwert des betreffenden Hypothekendarlehens entspricht; 
(h) 
der Beleihungsauslauf des CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehens 80 % nicht übersteigt und wenn 
er diesen Schwellenwert überschreitet wird der Teil des Nennwerts des CRR Wohn 
Hypothekendarlehens, der den Beleihungssatz von 80 % übersteigt der den Beleihungsauslauf 
von 80 % übersteigt, für die Zwecke des gesetzlichen Tests nicht berücksichtigt und des 
vertraglichen Deckungstests für Vermögenswerte 
(i) 
der Beleihungsauslauf des CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehens 60 % nicht übersteigt und 
wenn er diesen Schwellenwert überschreitet übersteigt, wird der Teil des Nennwerts eines 
solchen CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehens der den Beleihungsauslauf von 60 % 
übersteigt, für die Zwecke des gesetzlichen Tests und des vertraglichen Deckungstests außer 
Acht gelassen und des vertraglichen Deckungstests 
(j) 
der Betrag des jeweiligen in die Deckungsmasse aufgenommenen Hypothekendarlehens ist mit 
einem Beleihungsauslauf (LTV) von 100 % gedeckelt; 
(k) 
der Nominalwert der Hypothekendarlehen, die den Mitarbeitern der Emittentin gewährt werden, 
übersteigt 
nicht 
5 
Prozent 
des 
Nennwerts 
der 
im 
Deckungsstock 
enthaltenen 
Hypothekendarlehen; 
(l) 
die Deckungsmasse der Emittentin enthält keine forderungsbesicherten Wertpapiere; und  
(m) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind weder durch Agrarflächen besichert (soweit diese Gegenstand 
eines separaten Grundpfandrechts sind und keinen funktionellen Bestandteil einer anderen 
beliehenen Immobilie darstellen) noch durch andere nicht zu Bauzwecken ausgewiesene 
Grundstücke. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 11) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
jederzeit ordnungsgemäß Buch zu führen und dafür zu sorgen, dass auch ihre 
Tochterunternehmen ordnungsgemäß Buch führen; 
(c) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz zu jeder Zeit aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und 
Registrierungen, die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der 
Tschechischen Republik erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische 
Bankengesetz, 
das 
Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, 
das 
Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der 
CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind, insbesondere verfügt sie über eine gültige 
Genehmigung 
für 
ihre 
gedeckten 
Blocks 
gemäß 
§ 
30d(3) 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (die Erlaubnis für Covered Block); 
(d) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(e) 
ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Rechtsvorschriften der Slowakischen Republik (was 
uneingeschränkt das Slowakische Bankengesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und 
wie dies gemäß diesen Rechtsvorschriften für irgendwelche Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
slowakischem Recht erforderlich ist, die Bestandteil der Deckungsmasse sind; 
(f) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(g) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (g) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens 
(f) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(h) 
jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(i) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder mehrere 
der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten und fortbesteht: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen; oder 
(b) 
die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten 
nicht. 
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam.  
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die einen 
hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zum 
Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten Schuldverschreibungen ist. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung umgehend an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10  
(Zusätzliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin zugunsten der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) 
Unbeschadet des § 9, wenn eines oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse eintreten und andauern: 
(a) 
die Emittentin eine ihrer sonstigen Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen nicht einhält, erfüllt oder 
beachtet und (außer in Fällen, in denen das Versäumnis nicht behoben werden kann, wenn keine 
Fortsetzung oder Mitteilung wie nachstehend erwähnt, erforderlich ist), und dieses Versäumnis 
andauert und nicht über einen Zeitraum von 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertagen nach der 
Zustellung einer Mitteilung durch einen Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an die Emittentin mit der 
Aufforderung, dies zu beheben, erfolgt; Wesentliche Verpflichtungen bezeichnet alle 
wesentlichen Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, wie sie in den Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen 
und dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag dargelegt sind. 
(b) 
solange dies nach geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben ist, die Emittentin nicht über die Erlaubnis für 
Covered Blocks verfügt; oder 
(c) 
Verstoß gegen die vertragliche Deckungsprüfung in Bezug auf den Deckungsstock, 
und falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt Schuldverschreibungen im Umlauf sind, darf die Emittentin keine tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die die Vorteile des Deckungsstocks nutzen. 
§ 11 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Homepage 
der 
[maßgebliche 
Börse] 
[Luxemburger 
Börse] 
([www.[Internetadresse einfügen] [www.luxse.com]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem 
Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin 
die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 12 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
§ 13 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 14 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 15 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
In Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse enthaltene Hypothekendarlehen nach slowakischem Recht unterliegt 
die Deckungsmasse denjenigen Rechtsvorschriften des Slowakischen Bankengesetzes und anderer 
slowakischer Gesetze, die auf slowakische Hypothekendarlehen anwendbar bzw. für diese relevant sind, 
und genießt den sich aus diesen Vorschriften ergebenden Schutz. 
(4) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, 
München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. 
Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen nur in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst.] 
§ 16 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) finden auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung. 
Von 
daher 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des 
Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(e) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben; 
(f) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen; und  
(g) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. 
Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss kann nicht dazu verwendet werden, Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verabschieden ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer Abstimmung [in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung][ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz 
SchVG i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, die zusammen Schuldverschreibungen in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der 
stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 16 Abs. 2 (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf 
solche Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden 
Stimmrechten verbundenen Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Unternehmen der Emittentin. Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz 
(erster Halbsatz) weiter oben beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt ist und bei der bzw. bei dem der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter) 
bestellen, 
der 
dann 
die 
Rechte 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger namens jedes einzelnen Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers ausübt. Jede 
geschäftsfähige natürliche Person oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats, Aufsichtsrats, Vorstands oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist 
oder dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) 
genannten Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
unverzüglich in angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, die er mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen]-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Option II: Emissionsbedingungen für Variable Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die Serie) von nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) (die Schuldverschreibungen der UniCredit 
Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (die Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen:  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (der Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(die 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. Die 
Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(4) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
[sind Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear)[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs).] [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(5) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(6) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs 
eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in 
§ 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem 
Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff “Schuldverschreibungen” umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebene Schuldverschreibungen. 
[(5)][(6)] Einzelheiten zur Zeichnung und zum Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen finden sich im Basisprospekt 
(siehe den Abschnitt "Subscription and Sale" im Basisprospekt). 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. Der 
jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder einer Anpassung], gemäß § 4 [(2)][(3)] 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig.  
Zinszahltag ist 
 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
für den Zeitraum, in dem die Schuldverschreibungen fest verzinst werden (der Festzinszeitraum), 
jeder [festgelegtes Zinszahlungsdatum einfügen] [eines Jahres] 
und für den Zeitraum, in dem die Schuldverschreibungen variabel verzinst werden (der Variable 
Zinszeitraum): 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
jeder [festen Zinszahltag einfügen] [jedes Jahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag], beginnend mit [ersten 
Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszeiträumen einfügen: 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen anderweitig festgelegt) [Zahl 
einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen Zinszahltag [sowie der Fälligkeitstag], 
beginnend mit [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Bei festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen ohne einen ersten langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen:  
jeder [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag]]  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen mit erstem langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen: 
Der erste Zinszahltag und danach [jeder][der] [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag].] 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen:  
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen anderweitig festgelegt) [Zahl einfügen] 
[Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen Zinszahltag oder, im Fall des ersten Zinszahltags, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt [, sowie der Fälligkeitstag].] 
Zinsperiode ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung einfügen: 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz)  
 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
während des Festzinszeitraums ist für jede in den Festzinszeitraum fallende Zinsperiode [festen Zinssatz 
in % pro Jahr einfügen]  
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der Zinsbetrag für die erste 
Zinsperiode 
auf 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
beläuft] 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].] 
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende 
Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben,] 
 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben]  
der Referenzsatz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im Falle einer Marge 
einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Marge ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
Referenzsatz ist  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen außer Constant Maturity Swap (“CMS”) variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Referenzsatz nicht SONIA®, SOFR® oder €STR® ist, 
einfügen: der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] [Pribor] Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro 
Jahr) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des 
Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird]] 
[Im Fall von SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen: der “Sterling Overnight Index Average” (SONIA®) für 
den jeweiligen Londoner Bankarbeitstag, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 9.00 Uhr (Londoner Zeit) am 
relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode 
gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SONIA® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 +
SONIA®i−pLBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑
 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankarbeitstage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen Londoner Bankarbeitstag vom, und 
einschließlich des, ersten Londoner Bankarbeitstages der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet 
[relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag “i” die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag “i” 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
SONIA®i-pLBD  
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankarbeitstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® Referenzsatz an dem Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag, der “p” Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankarbeitstag “i” liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher fünf 
Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der fünf Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die “US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate” (SOFR®) für 
den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag auf der Bildschirmseite erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 + SOFR®i−pUSBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
d 
 
 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag vom, 
und einschließlich des, ersten US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstages der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet 
[relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag “i” die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag “i” 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
bezeichnet für jeden US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR® Referenzsatz an dem US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag, der “p” US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem 
jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag “i” liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher fünf US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage 
vor einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die “Euro short-term rate” (€STR®) für den jeweiligen 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag entspricht, die ab 9.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Zeit) am relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag 
erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel 
berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily €STR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
[∏(1 + €STR®i−pTBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
d 
 
 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET-Bankarbeitstage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen TARGET-Bankarbeitstag vom, und 
einschließlich des, ersten TARGET-Bankarbeitstages der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet 
[relevante Definition einfügen].  
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag “i” die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag “i” 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
€STR®i-pTBD  
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET-Bankarbeitstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR® Referenzsatz an dem TARGET-
Bankarbeitstag, der “p” TARGET-Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag “i” liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher fünf 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf TARGET-
Bankarbeitstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der fünf TARGET-Bankarbeitstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig 
und zahlbar werden).  
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden soll, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten Zinszahltag endet, für die der Referenzsatz 
gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-]- [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-]- [Zahl einfügen]-Monats 
[Pribor] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 
Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden soll, einfügen:  
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz 
gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] -[Zahl einfügen]-
Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-Monats 
[Pribor] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 
Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
[Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt werden, so ist der Zinssatz der auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigte Angebotssatz, wie oben 
beschrieben, am letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde.] 
 
 
[Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt werden, so wird die [Emittentin] [Berechnungsstelle] -jede der Referenzbanken bitten, ihren 
Satz, zu dem sie führenden Banken im Prager Interbanken-Markt gegen 11:00 Uhr, Prager Zeit, am 
entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen Betrags anbieten, zur Verfügung zu stellen. [Die Emittentin 
wird diesen Satz anschließend der Berechnungsstelle zur Verfügung stellen.] 
Falls mindestens zwei Referenzbanken der [Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] solche Angebote zur 
Verfügung stellen, ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser 
Angebotssätze (falls erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird). 
Falls an einem Zinsfeststellungstag nur eine oder keine Referenzbank der [Berechnungsstelle] 
[Emittentin] solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellt, ist der entsprechende Referenzsatz das arithmetische 
Mittel (wie oben beschrieben gerundet) der Sätze, zu denen Großbanken in [ Prag, die durch die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) ausgewählt wurden, gegen 11:00 Uhr Prager 
Zeit an diesem Zinsfeststellungstag führenden europäischen Banken Darlehen in der Festgelegten 
Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen Betrags anbieten.] 
 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England (der Einlagenzinssatz), 
der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen Londoner Bankarbeitstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der 
Zinsspannen von SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine höchste 
Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn 
es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum 
Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die Bank 
of England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen 
soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur 
Bestimmung von SONIA® für die Zwecke der Schuldverschreibungen anschließen, so lange wie 
SONIA® nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen 
Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von 
gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR® des letzten US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstags, an dem der SOFR® auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für den SOFR® vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, 
der vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt 
oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer Federal 
Reserve Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, 
vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags nach 
dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an 
oder nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage 
Bezugnahmen auf New York Bankarbeitstage wären, (iii) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
SOFR® 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtage 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
OBFR 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtage wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb 
eines US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde 
und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis vorliegt, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder 
nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® 
Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage 
Verweise auf New York Bankarbeitstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite Verweise auf 
die Website der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market 
Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das Federal Open Market 
Committee keinen einzelnen Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt 
durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen 
Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die ganztägliche Schließung der 
Abteilungen für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
hinsichtlich des jenem Zinsfeststellungstag vorangehenden New Yorker Bankarbeitstags, wie von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York als Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines 
solchen Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr 
(New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt wird. 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu 
dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche 
Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR verbietet, wobei sich dieses Verbot u.a. (aber 
keineswegs ausschließlich) auf festverzinsliche Wertpapiere und Derivate erstreckt, insoweit 
diese öffentliche Erklärung von der International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., als 
“OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis” (OBFR Index Cessation Event) öffentlich anerkannt wurde 
gemäß den von der International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. herausgegebenen 
2021 ISDA Definitions (in der zum Ausgabetag bzw. ggfs. einem anderen, in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen bestimmten Datum geltenden Fassung) (die ISDA-Definitionen). 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche 
Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured Overnight Financing Rate verbietet, wobei 
sich dieses Verbot u.a. (aber keineswegs ausschließlich) auf festverzinsliche Wertpapiere und 
Derivate erstreckt, insoweit diese öffentliche Erklärung von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., als ein “SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis” (SOFR Index 
Cessation Event) im Sinne der ISDA-Definitionen öffentlich anerkannt wurde.] 
 
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfeststellungstag auf der [Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die 
Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von €STR® oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i 
ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien 
zur Bestimmung von €STR®i anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist.  
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von [der 
Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von 
gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
Zinsfeststellungstag bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [Falls 
der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET] [Falls der Referenzsatz der 
SONIA® ist, einfügen: Londoner] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag [vor] [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET-Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: [Londoner] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, 
einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® 
ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (bezeichnet als TARGET oder T2).] 
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Referenzbanken sind vier Großbanken im [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-
Markt in der Euro-Zone], die von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) bestimmt werden. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: Euro-Zone bezeichnet die Staaten und Gebiete, die 
im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, 
in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz Euribor or €STR® ist, einfügen: Wenn (i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
Information der zuständigen Behörde des Administrators des [Euribor] [€STR®] veröffentlicht wurde, 
wonach der [Euribor] [€STR®] nicht mehr repräsentativ oder kein branchenüblicher Satz für Schuldtitel 
wie die Schuldverschreibungen oder vergleichbare Instrumente mehr ist, (ii) eine öffentliche Erklärung 
oder Information veröffentlicht wurde, wonach der Administrator des [Euribor] [€STR®] mit der 
geordneten Abwicklung des [Euribor] [€STR®] beginnt oder die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des 
[Euribor] [€STR®] endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder Information keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den [Euribor] 
[€STR®] weiter bereitstellen wird, (iii) der Administrator des [Euribor] [€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird 
oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator 
betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, 
(iv) die für den Administrator des [Euribor] [€STR®] zuständige Behörde die Zulassung gemäß Artikel 
35 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 (die Benchmark-Verordnung) oder die Anerkennung gemäß 
Artikel 32 Abs. 8 der Benchmark-Verordnung entzieht oder aussetzt oder die Einstellung der Übernahme 
gemäß Artikel 33 Abs. 6 der Benchmark-Verordnung verlangt, sofern zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs oder 
der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der Übernahme, es keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den 
[Euribor] [€STR®] weiterhin bereitstellt, und ihr Administrator mit der geordneten Abwicklung des 
[Euribor] [€STR®] beginnt oder die Bereitstellung des [Euribor] [€STR®] oder bestimmter Laufzeiten 
oder bestimmter Währungen, für die der [Euribor] [€STR®] berechnet wird, endgültig oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, oder (v) der [Euribor] [€STR®] anderweitig eingestellt ist oder es für die 
Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle aus einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig wird, den [Euribor] 
[€STR®] zu verwenden (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Euribor] [€STR®] durch einen von 
der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):] 
 
[Falls der Referenzsatz SONIA® oder SOFR® ist, einfügen: Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung 
des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
(iii) der Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein 
Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch 
den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der 
[Referenzsatz] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
anderweitig 
eingestellt 
ist 
(jeweils 
ein

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (der Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):] 
(i) 
Der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und für die Dauer 
des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] bekannt gegeben wird und der in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(ii) 
der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz 
ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz 
für Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet 
wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann);  
(iii) 
der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps 
(fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte 
Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(iv) 
der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die 
Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer 
Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung 
hat), einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung 
der Dauer des [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und der jeweiligen Währung in 
wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit einem 
solchen Nachfolge- Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge- Referenzsatzes (der maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt 
an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten 
entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 8.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der 
oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht wie 
oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
den 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 8 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die 
unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische 
Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: 
Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so 
dass er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)] [⚫]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.  
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein [relevante 
Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt werden, so wird die 
[Berechnungsstelle] [Emittentin] die Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von Jahren 
einfügen]-Jahres-CMS-Sätze ungefähr zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
bereitzustellen [und diese der Berechnungsstelle zur Verfügung stellen]. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, 
ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze (falls 
erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste (oder, bei mehreren höchsten, eines davon) und das niedrigste 
(oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, eines davon) Angebot gestrichen werden. 
Referenzsatzzeit ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
Referenzbanken sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, die von der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden (§ 315 BGB). 
Zinsfeststellungstag ist der [zweite] [erste] [letzte] [andere Anzahl einfügen] [TARGET] [London] 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag [vor dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (bezeichnet als TARGET oder T2).] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft 
oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes zahlungsunfähig wird 
oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator 
betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, 
oder (iv) der Referenzsatz anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der 
Referenzsatz durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis 
(IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(i) 
Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt 
gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(ii) 
der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise 
(in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; 
oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(iii) 
der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel 
verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
(iv) 
der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die 
Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung 
eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu 
vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des Referenzsatzes und 
der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit einem 
solchen Nachfolge- Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge- Referenzsatzes (der maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- Referenzsatz und jede 
Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf 
die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die 
Emittentin informiert anschließend die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 8.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die 
Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung 
des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein 
Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Schuldverschreibungen vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber 
auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der 
Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern 
gemäß § 8 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die 
unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische 
Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: 
Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so 
dass er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)] [⚫]. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination einfügen: 
(3) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz)  
 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
ist während des Festzinszeitraums für jede Zinsperiode in dem Festzinszeitraum [Festzinssatz in % pro 
Jahr einfügen]. 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der Zinsbetrag für die erste 
Zinsperiode 
auf 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
beläuft] 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].]  
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende 
Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben,] 
 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben] 
der maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]], [Im 
Falle einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
ISDA-Satz bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz entspricht, der vom 
Calculation Agent im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion bestimmt werden würde, wenn der 
Calculation Agent für diese Swap-Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, und zwar gemäß 
den Bestimmungen einer Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Derivative Definitions 
von 2006 in der zum Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter www.isda.org (oder einer Nachfolgewebsite) 
veröffentlichten Fassung (die ISDA Definitionen) zum Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem Euro-
Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz (“Euribor”) oder dem Prager Interbanken Angebotssatz 
(“Pribor”) für eine Währung basiert: der erste Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine Währung nicht auf dem Euribor dem Pribor 
beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) Variabler Zinssatz (Floating Rate), 
Berechnungsstelle (Calculation Agent), Variable Zinssatz-Option (Floating Rate Option), 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit (Designated Maturity) und Reset-Datum (Reset Date) dieselbe Bedeutung, die 
diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) bezeichnet Euro-Zone die Staaten 
und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die 
Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen: (3) 
 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes einfügen:] 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen].] 
 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte Zinssatz 
höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz 
einfügen].]]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
[(3)][(4)] 
Der Zinsbetrag (der Zinsbetrag) wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet, indem 
das Produkt aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] 
multipliziert wird. 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
[(4)][(5)] 
Kommt es im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] zu einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit 
der Schuldverschreibungen über den Fälligkeitstag hinaus, so werden die Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum relevanten, auf den Fälligkeitstag folgenden Zinszahltag, an dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden, oder bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
verzinst, und zwar jeweils ausschließlich und je nachdem, welcher dieser beiden Tage eher eintritt, mit 
der Maßgabe von § 2 Abs. 1. In einem solchen Fall sind für diese Schuldverschreibungen Zinsen zu 
einem Satz zu zahlen, der sich nach § 2 [(5)][(6)] bemisst; diese Zinsen laufen rückwirkend am 
Zinszahltag in jedem Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag auf den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf, und zwar bezüglich der Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar vor dem relevanten 
Zinszahltag endet. Der letzte Zinszahltag fällt spätestens auf den Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag.  
[(5)][(6)] 
Wird die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] 
über den Fälligkeitstag hinaus verlängert, so beträgt der Zinssatz für die Zinsen, die von Zeit zu Zeit 
bezüglich des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen am jeweiligen Zinszahltag nach 
dem Fälligkeitstag für die Zinsperiode zu zahlen sind, die unmittelbar vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
endet, [Prozentsatz einfügen] und wird, falls anwendbar, von der Hauptzahlstelle zwei Bankarbeitstage 
nach dem Fälligkeitstag bezüglich der ersten solchen Zinsperiode bestimmt und danach [Zinszahltag(e) 
einfügen] [eines jeden Monats / anderes angeben] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
[(6)][(7)] 
§ 2 [(4)][(5)] bis § 2 [(6)][(7)] finden nur Anwendung, falls die Fälligkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen automatisch im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis zum Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert wird.] 
[(7)][(8)] 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der 
Hauptzahlstelle und jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind 
oder gehandelt werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach 
ihrer Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage einfügen] auf die Berechnung 
folgenden Bankarbeitstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der Berechnungsstelle der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie den 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 8 mitgeteilt. 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln. 
[(8)][(9)] 
Zinstagequotient ist  
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
bei der Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (der Berechnungszeitraum):

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen:] 
die Summe: 
(a) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher 
der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die darauffolgende Zinsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als 
ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] 
jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird. (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäße ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient =  
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 
ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der 
letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist.]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag 
ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der 
Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist, jedoch in jedem 
solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des Berechnungszeitraumes vom 
ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option), 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag)] 
[(1)]  
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden am [Falls ein Fälligkeitstag angegeben ist, 
einfügen: [Fälligkeitstag einfügen]] [Falls ein Fälligkeitsmonat angegeben ist, einfügen: der Zinszahltag, der im 
[Monat einfügen] [Jahr einfügen] liegt] (der Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe der [Festgelegten Stückelung] [des 
Gesamtnennbetrags] (der Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig [falls ein Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag 
anwendbar ist, einfügen:, vorbehaltlich einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum 
[Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag) gemäß der Regelung in § 3 Abs. 
[3][4][5]. 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin zu einem beliebigen Zinszahltag 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle 
und gemäß § 11 an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] 
Tage und höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, 
falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet geworden ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, 
und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb 
einer Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung 
oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die 
Ausgabe der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 Abs. 2 erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; 
auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu 
überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]  
[(2)][(3)] 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin zu jedem beliebigen 
Zinszahltag (insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die 
Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die Emittentin vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag irgendeiner 
Schuldverschreibung 
gesetzwidrig 
geworden 
ist 
oder 
gesetzwidrig 
wird, 
weiterhin 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von 
Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. Neufassung vor dem nächsten derartigen 
Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] ankündigt, wird sie der 
Hauptzahlstelle (zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an 
der von ihr benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung 
berechtigt ist, unter Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und 
kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] 
erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht 
verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt 
der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) 
mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)][(4)] 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres 
beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Schuldverschreibungen 
vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum 
Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Schuldverschreibung] 
[der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
[(3)] [(4)] [(5)] 
Falls: 
[(a) 
die Emittentin oder ein unfreiwilliger Blockadministrator (auf Tschechisch: nucený správce 
krytých bloků) es versäumen, nicht nach ihrem Ermessen, alle diese Schuldverschreibungen 
vollständig zum Fälligkeitstag oder innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen,][oder] 
[(b) 
ein 
in 
§ 
32a(1)(a) 
bis 
32a(1)(d) 
(einschließlich) 
des 
tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzesaufgeführter 
Umstand 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
eintritt,][oder] 
[(c) 
eine Krisenabwicklungsmaßnahme (opatření k řešení krize) in Bezug auf die Emittentin 
auferlegt wurde oder eine Herabschreibung oder Umwandlung von zulässigen 
Kapitalinstrumenten und zulässigen konzerninternen Verbindlichkeiten (odpis nebo konverze 
odepisovatelných kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) gegen die Emittentin 
im Einklang mit dem anwendbaren Recht für die Sanierung und Abwicklung auf den 
Finanzmärkten,][oder]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
[(d) 
ein in Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer i) oder Artikel 54 Absatz 1 Buchstabe a) Ziffer 
ii) der CRR genannter Umstand eintritt in Bezug auf die Emittentin;][oder] 
[(e) 
die Emittentin die in § 28aa des tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzesfestgelegten 
Anforderungen an den Liquiditätsdeckungspuffer nicht erfüllt oder sie durch die vollständige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibung am Fälligkeitstag nicht die Liquiditätsanforderungen 
gemäß dem unmittelbar anwendbaren EU-Rechts erfüllen würde,] 
wird die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen und das Datum, zu dem diese Schuldverschreibungen für 
die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen zur Rückzahlung anstehen, automatisch bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) verlängert. In einem solchen Fall ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Zinszahltag 
zurückzuzahlen, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, und zwar bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
 [(4)][(5)][(6)] 
Die Emittentin hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern (im Einklang mit § 11) 
und der Hauptzahlstelle mindestens fünf Bankarbeitstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag oder dem jeweiligen 
Zinszahltag mitzuteilen, ob sie beabsichtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz oder teilweise vollständig zurückzuzahlen. Unterlässt es die Emittentin, die jeweilige Person 
solcherart zu verständigen, so hat dies keine Auswirkungen auf die Gültigkeit und Wirksamkeit der 
etwaigen Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag. 
Die Hauptzahlstelle wird das Clearingsystem von der Mitteilung seitens der Emittentin (falls zutreffend) 
unverzüglich nach Erhalt (und jedenfalls innerhalb von mindestens drei Bankarbeitstagen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen) verständigen. Zur Klarstellung: Falls die Hauptzahlstelle 
keine Mitteilung von der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [4][5][6] erhalten hat, soll sich die 
Hauptzahlstelle darum bemühen, das Clearingsystem von dem Umstand zu informieren, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen nicht zum Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
[(5)][(6)][(7)] 
Eine einmal erfolgte Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] ist unwiderruflich. Soweit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] anwendbar ist, stellt ein 
Versäumnis der Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen am Fälligkeitstag (es sei denn, die Emittentin 
hat im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5][6] die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen angezeigt) oder 
eine Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag gemäß 
§ 3 Abs. [3][4][5] keinen Kündigungsgrund für welche Zwecke auch immer dar, und gibt keinem 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger das Recht, eine Zinszahlung, Kapital oder andere Zahlungen auf die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu erhalten, es sei denn, solche Zahlungen sind ausdrücklich in 
diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vorgesehen.  
[(6)][(7)][(8)] 
Bei einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 Abs. 
[3][4][5] werden Zinssätze, Zinsperioden und Zinszahltage betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) im Einklang mit 
§ 2 Abs. [4][5] bis § 2 Abs. [6][7] und [andere angeben] bestimmt. 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] 
Wenn die Emittentin einen Teil und nicht den gesamten Betrag des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen an einem Zinszahltag, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag fällt, zurückzahlt, werden die Rückzahlungserlöse anteilig über die Schuldverschreibungen 
verteilt und der auf die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehende Nennbetrag wird um die Höhe dieser 
Rückzahlung reduziert. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] 
Solange eine dieser Schuldverschreibungen noch in Umlauf ist, wird die Emittentin 
keine weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, es sei denn, die Erlöse aus der Emission 
solcher weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen werden von der Emittentin bei der Begebung dazu 
verwendet, 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vollständig oder teilweise zu tilgen.  
[(9)][(10)][(11] 
§ 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis § 3 Abs. [9][10][11] finden nur auf Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung, wenn die Emittentin es versäumt, diese Schuldverschreibungen vollumfänglich am Fälligkeitstag 
(bzw. innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen danach) zurückzuzahlen.] 
§ 4

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis 
zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. [2][3] einfügen: 
(d) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. [2][3] bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu 
zahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen [.] [oder]] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. 3 einfügen: 
(e) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. 3 bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu zahlen 
einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen[.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] des Zinsbetrags / der Zinsbeträge[,][und] [des Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am 
jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]” multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] am 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der Konvention für Bankarbeitstage. 
[Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet [TARGET] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist. 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (der Ersatz-
Fixing Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge [und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, 
wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der 
Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen Wechselkurses (der Ersatz-Wechselkurs) 
bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-
Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder 
aus der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung 
findet, oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar 
machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen 
Ausführung ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
(der Zahltag) auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag.]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Im Fall der Floating Rate Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
(i) wird ein Zinszahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder 
nachfolgende Zinszahltag der jeweils letzte Bankarbeitstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] Monate] 
[andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahltag liegt.] 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] [verschoben wird], 
werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (bezeichnet als TARGET oder T2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Zahlung von Kapital und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge hinsichtlich der 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, der Schuldverschreibungs-
gläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, der 15 Bankarbeitstage vor dem maßgeblichen Zahlungstag 
liegt (das Berechtigungsdatum), ist. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen12 verzinst. Diese 
 
12  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Verzinsung beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der der tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 
definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die Zahlstellen) 
ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß 
§ 11 mitzuteilen. 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (die Berechnungsstelle). 
(3) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle oder die Berechnungsstelle 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle 
[oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von 
internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle], bzw. eine andere Person oder 
Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der 
Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin 
unverzüglich gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
(4) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die 
Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
(5) 
Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 6 
(Steuern)  
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern und Steuersicherheiten (je nach 
Sachlage), die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen oder 
anderen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen 
sind, sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die Emittentin, bevor 
eine Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über das 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
ordnungsgemäß 
erhoben 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf in 
Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 6. 
 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die 
Steuern), insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine 
zusätzlichen Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. 
Die Emittentin wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen 
staatlichen Stellen Rechenschaft ablegen.] 
 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen oder sonstigen Beträgen, die durch oder im Namen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
für oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben jeglicher Art, die von oder 
im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die Steuern), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In einem solchen Fall wird die Emittentin in Bezug 
auf Zahlungen von Zinsen (falls zutreffend) die zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug erhaltenen 
Nettobeträge den jeweiligen Zinsbeträgen entsprechen, die ihnen ansonsten in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zustehen würden; mit der Ausnahme, 
dass keine solchen zusätzlichen Beträge in Bezug auf Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer in Bezug auf diese Schuldverschreibung steuerpflichtig ist, 
weil er eine [andere] Verbindung zu der Steuerjurisdiktion hat [als nachstehend unter Buchstabe 
(g) angegeben]; 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, es sei denn, der Inhaber hätte bei Vorlage an diesem dreißigsten Tag 
Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Betrag, wenn er die Schuldverschreibung zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt, dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 Abs. [2][3] definiert) 
gewesen; 
(d) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung erforderlich ist, weil die Emittentin oder eine Person im Namen der 
Emittentin nicht ordnungsgemäß wahrheitsgemäße, genaue und vollständige Informationen 
über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder einen ähnlichen Freistellungsantrag erhalten hat, sofern 
solche Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ähnliche Freistellungsanträge im 
Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erforderlich sind oder auferlegt werden, es sei denn, dies 
ist auf Handlungen oder Unterlassungen der Emittentin oder ihrer Erfüllungsgehilfen 
zurückzuführen; 
(e) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug für oder aufgrund von Steuern in Bezug auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung auf der Grundlage der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, 
die die Emittentin im Rahmen des Zertifizierungsverfahrens erhalten hat, für oder aufgrund der 
Steuersicherheit erfolgt;  
(f) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine in der Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässige 
natürliche Person ist[.] [; oder 
(g) 
deren Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer eine mit der Emittentin kapitalmäßig verbundene Person ist]. 
Für den Fall, dass die Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum oder ein ähnlicher 
Freistellungsantrag der Emittentin nicht zu den in vorstehendem Absatz (d) genannten Bedingungen 
vorgelegt werden, wird die Emittentin (i) 35 % Quellensteuer von jeder Zinszahlung auf eine solche 
Schuldverschreibung einbehalten [und (ii) wenn die Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Preis begeben 
werden, der unter ihrem Nennwert liegt (d.h. unter pari), 1 % Steuersicherheit von jeder Kapitalzahlung 
auf eine solche Schuldverschreibung], es sei denn, die Emittentin ist nach eigenem Ermessen davon

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
überzeugt, dass sie über alle erforderlichen Informationen verfügt, die es der Emittentin ermöglichen, die 
Quellensteuer nicht oder zu einem niedrigeren Satz anzuwenden [oder die Steuersicherheit nicht 
anzuwenden]. 
Die Emittentin kann jederzeit durch Mitteilung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 11 auf 
die in diesem § 6 (1) genannten Bedingungen zugunsten der Wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer verzichten.] 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 Tagen, die den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 11 für jede derartige 
Festsetzung 
zu 
gewähren 
ist, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine Festsetzung (jeweils eine Festsetzung) zu einer Bestimmung dieses 
§ 6 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu berücksichtigen: 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren 
oder einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen anzusehen. 
(4) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code, irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren 
offizieller Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Zusammenarbeit in diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz 
zur Umsetzung oder in Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird.  
(5) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber einer Schuldverschreibung, wenn dieser 
Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diese Schuldverschreibung 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im 
obigen Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die 
Identität und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der 
Emittentin ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichterung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der 
Website der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in 
ihrer jeweils geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
[Tschechischer Steuerausländer bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nicht in der Tschechischen 
Republik steuerlich ansässig ist, entweder nach dem Einkommensteuergesetz oder nach einem 
einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden);] 
[Tschechischer Steueransässiger bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der nach dem tschechischen 
Einkommensteuergesetz sowie nach einem einschlägigen Steuerabkommen (falls vorhanden) in der 
Tschechischen Republik steuerlich ansässig ist;] 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 
bezeichnet 
das 
tschechische 
Gesetz 
Nr. 
586/1992 
Slg. 
über 
Einkommenssteuern in seiner geänderten Fassung;] 
[Juristische Person bezeichnet einen Steuerzahler, der keine natürliche Person ist (d.h. ein Steuerzahler, 
der der Körperschaftssteuer unterliegt, aber nicht unbedingt eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat).] 
[OECD bedeutet Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development);] 
[Kapitalmäßig verbundene Person bezeichnet jede Person (natürliche oder juristische Person), bei 
denen (i) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten einer anderen Person 
beteiligt ist oder (ii) eine Person direkt oder indirekt am Kapital oder an den Stimmrechten mehrerer 
Personen beteiligt ist, und in beiden Fällen diese Beteiligung (direkt oder indirekt) mindestens 25% des 
eingetragenen Kapitals oder 25% der Stimmrechte dieser anderen Person(en) ausmacht.] 
[Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den jeweils späteren der beiden folgenden Zeitpunkte: (1) der Tag, an 
dem die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, und (2) falls der zu zahlende Betrag nicht in voller 
Höhe in einer Stadt, in der die Banken Zugang zum TARGET System haben, bei der Zahlstelle an oder 
vor diesem Fälligkeitstag eingegangen ist, der Tag, an dem (nachdem der volle Betrag eingegangen ist) 
eine entsprechende Mitteilung an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es 
in Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
Steuersicherheit bezeichnet einen besonderen Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar). 
[Steuerabkommen bezeichnet ein gültiges und wirksames Steuerabkommen zwischen der 
Tschechischen Republik und einem anderen Land, nach dem der tschechische Steuerausländer als 
Steueransässiger des letzteren Landes behandelt wird. Im Falle Taiwans handelt es sich bei dem 
Steuerabkommen um das Gesetz Nr. 45/2020 Slg. über die Beseitigung der Doppelbesteuerung im 
Verhältnis zu Taiwan in seiner geänderten Fassung.] 
[Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet.] 
§ 7 
(Rang)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 15 handelt es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
begebene, 
mit 
Hypotheken gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus den von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben.  
(3) 
[Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich um [sog. “CRR-kompatible” Schuldverschreibungen][ 
„Europäische Gedeckte Schuldverschreibungen (Premium)“], die den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei denen ausschließlich die CRR-
Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen.]  
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
(a) 
für jedes CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehens; und  
(ii) 
80 % des Wertes der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR Wohn 
Hypothekendarlehens; 
(b) 
Für jedes CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden 
Größe: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen; und  
(ii) 
60 % des Wertes der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR Gewerbliches 
Hypothekendarlehen; 
(c) 
Für jedes Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden 
Größe: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz; und  
(ii) 
den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz; 
(d) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition deren ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle 
aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug hierauf; 
(e) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen 
in Bezug hierauf; und  
(f) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht. 
(g) 
Liquide Mittel: den ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen in Bezug hierauf.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 4. Juni 2020, geändert und neu 
gefasst am 22. Mai 2023,  zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent und Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als 
Sonderaufseher (der Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Handelsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder TARGET für Zahlungen oder Wechselgeschäfte 
mit dem Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
vor dem Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jährlich jedes Datum 
seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, 
das zumindest einen Kalendermonat nach solchem ersten Eintreten folgt. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
Bargeld 
bezeichnet 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 
31(2)(d) 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der Angepassten Werte 
für alle Deckungsaktiva. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien genügen (soweit auf die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar). 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (sofern anwendbar für das konkrete Deckungsaktiva) festgelegt sind, 
und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung). 
CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet ein CRR-Hypothekendarlehen besichert durch 
eine Beliehene Immobilie die eine Gewerbeimmobilie im Sinne der CRR ist. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) in Bezug auf die alle einschlägigen 
Anforderungen die in Artikel 208 und Artikel 229 Absatz 1 der CRR genannten Anforderungen erfüllt 
sind. 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch das belehnte 
Grundstück besichert ist, bei dem es sich um eine Wohnimmobilie gemäß Artikel 4(75) der CRR handelt.  
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß § 
31 Abs. 2 a) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz  bezeichnet die in § 31(2)(b) und (c) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes angegeben Forderungen, die auch mit § 31(2)(a) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes entsprechen. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., über 
die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese tschechischem 
oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie im Rahmen des Programms (als 
die 
hierin 
definierten 
Schuldverschreibungen), 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
Lokalen 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms, im Rahmen eines von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden 
Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. sowie weitere 
von Zeit zu Zeit im Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf 
fortlaufender Basis ernannte Dealer (zusammen die Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neugefasste Dealer Agreement vom 12. Oktober 2023 
zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent, UniCredit Bank AG als Arrangeur und Dealer, und UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. als Dealer. 
Schulden  alle von der Deckungsmasse gedeckten Schulden im Sinne der in § 28a Abs. 1 und 2 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes festgelegten Gesetzlichen Tests. 
Verzug  bedeutet einen Verzug des Darlehensnehmers im Rahmen des Hypothekendarlehens gemäß 
Artikel 178 der CRR oder ein Versäumnis des Darlehensnehmers, eine Zahlung in Bezug auf das 
Hypothekendarlehen innerhalb von 90 Tagen ab dem Datum, an dem es fällig und zahlbar wurde, zu 
leisten. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein Hypothekendarlehen, bei dem ein Verzug eingetreten ist und 
andauert. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der Verordnung 
(EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale Gegenparteien 
und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der MiFID II-
Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen gemäß § 31 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt; 
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den [30. September 2023];  
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm 
begibt;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neugefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 12. Oktober 2023 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Liquide Mittel bezeichnet die im Deckungsvermögensregister gemäß § 28aa(3) des tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragenen Mittel. 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm bezeichnet das (dritte, ruhende) CZK 100.000.000.000 
Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin für die Begebung von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten 
Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den Anforderungen 
von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung genügen (und somit die Definition der Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllen) sowie (ii) anderen gemäß tschechischem Recht im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, sodann das (zweite, ruhende) CZK 
20.000.000.000 Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin mit ausstehenden mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den 
Anforderungen von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und 
der 
Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung 
genügen (und 
somit 
die 
Definition 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllen), und schließlich ein ruhendes EUR 5.000.000.000 Programm für 
Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin, vertreten durch ihre Niederlassung in der Slowakei, für die Begebung 
von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypotekárne záložné listy) gemäß 
slowakischem Recht, die den Anforderungen von §§ 14 ff. des slowakischen Gesetzes Nr. 530/1990 Slg., 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(Slowakisches 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) genügen sowie (ii) anderen gemäß slowakischem Recht im Einklang mit 
dem Slowakischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Beleihungsauslauf  bezeichnet das prozentuale Verhältnis der Forderungen der Emittentin aus einem 
Hypothekendarlehen geteilt durch den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie der betreffenden, durch das 
Hypothekendarlehen besicherten Beliehenen Immobilie. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ist, den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die in der Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz und die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen eine Immobilie, die 
alle relevanten Voraussetzungen gemäß §§ 29 und 30 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
erfüllt und die zur Besicherung des Hypothekendarlehens verpfändet ist.  
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
dem 
anzuwendenden 
Recht 
(einschl. 
des 
Tschechischen 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetzes) und mit den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung 
Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde.  
Nennwert bezeichnet den ausstehenden Kapitalsaldo einer Tschechischen Schuldverschreibung oder 
einer anderen Schuld oder eines Wertpapiers bzw. eine Summe davon wenn der Kontext dies erfordert. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 164/2014 Slg. der CNB vom 30. Juli 2014 
(Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) über die Umsetzung einiger 
Bestimmungen des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, wie durch die CNB-Verordnung 
ersetzt. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 10.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen zusammen mit allen 
im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Eingetragener Nennwert ist der Teil des Nennwerts eines Hypothekendarlehens, der gemäß § 3 Absatz 
2 Buchstabe g) der CNB-Verordnung zum Zweck der Einhaltung von § 28a des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes im Deckungsregister eingetragen ist. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in tschechischen 
Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für die Umrechnung 
der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bereitstellt, der 
der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für die 
relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag, 
der der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das slowakische Gesetz Nr. 483/2001 Slg., über Banken, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Staatliche Subvention bezeichnet jede Subvention oder ähnliche Leistung im Sinne der Verordnung der 
tschechischen Regierung Nr. 249/2002 Slg. über die Bedingungen für die Gewährung von Subventionen 
in Bezug auf Hypothekarkredite für Personen unter 36 Jahren (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) und der 
Verordnung der tschechischen Regierung Nr. 244/1995 Slg. über die Bedingungen für die Gewährung 
von Finanzhilfen für Hypothekarkredite für den Wohnungsbau (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) oder 
Leistungen ähnlicher Art, die in das tschechische oder slowakische Recht eingeführt wurden oder nach 
dem Datum des Basisprospekts eingeführt wurden oder werden; zur Vermeidung von Zweifeln schließt 
die Definition der staatlichen Subvention keine Steuervorteile ein. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vorgeschriebenen Tests, die die Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder den Deckungsmasse gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen oder Vorschriften, 
insbesondere dem vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, erfüllen muss, einschließlich der in 
Abschnitt 28a Abs. 1, 2 und 3 und 28aa des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten 
Tests. 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien für die in der 
Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Deckungsaktiva, wie sie in den anwendbaren Gesetzen oder Verordnungen, 
einschließlich 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
und 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
insbesondere in den §§ 30 und 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, festgelegt sind. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (der Ersten Person) zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (die Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden bzw. 
beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis zur 
Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, oder 
anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und 
(e) 
 Sonderaufsichtsvertrag.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, ergänzten, 
erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form. 
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse 
mindestens 
110 
% 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennwerts 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt (der Vertragliche Deckungstest). In Bezug auf den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest, sofern das geltende Recht nichts anderes vorschreibt, wird jeder Betrag in Bezug auf den 
Vertragliche Deckungstest (i) wenn er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, in 
tschechischen Kronen berechneter Gegenwert dieses Betrages, der unter Verwendung des für diese 
Beträge Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt ermittelt wird ii) wenn er auf 
tschechische Kronen lautet, in dem entsprechenden Betrag in tschechischen Kronen. 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen 
ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Schuldverschreibungen abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien erfüllt (zusammen die 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien): 
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem oder slowakischem Recht;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(b) 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgezahlt sind und der betreffende Darlehensnehmer 
kein Recht oder Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Vorschuss von der Emittentin hat; 
(c) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sahen zum Zeitpunkt der Auszahlung keine Staatlichen 
Subventionen in Bezug auf das Kapital oder die Zinsen vor; 
(d) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine erfasste Immobilie gemäß Auszug aus dem Tschechischen 
Grundbuch (“Immobilienkataster” – katastr nemovitostí) oder dem entsprechenden 
Immobilienverzeichnis einer maßgeblichen Jurisdiktion; 
(e) 
die Hypothekendarlehen wurden an eine oder mehrere natürliche Personen bzw. eine oder 
mehrere juristische Personen vergeben; 
(f) 
die Hypothekendarlehen werden bedient, und sind nicht in Verzug; 
(g) 
bei jedem Hypothekendarlehen der Höchstbetrag der gesicherten Forderungen der Emittentin 
mindestens dem Eingetragenen Nennwert des betreffenden Hypothekendarlehens entspricht; 
(h) 
der Beleihungsauslauf des CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehens 80 % nicht übersteigt und wenn 
er diesen Schwellenwert überschreitet wird der Teil des Nennwerts des CRR Wohn 
Hypothekendarlehens, der den Beleihungssatz von 80 % übersteigt der den Beleihungsauslauf 
von 80 % übersteigt, für die Zwecke des gesetzlichen Tests nicht berücksichtigt und des 
vertraglichen Deckungstests für Vermögenswerte 
(i) 
der Beleihungsauslauf des CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehens 60 % nicht übersteigt und 
wenn er diesen Schwellenwert überschreitet übersteigt, wird der Teil des Nennwerts eines 
solchen CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehens der den Beleihungsauslauf von 60 % 
übersteigt, für die Zwecke des gesetzlichen Tests und des vertraglichen Deckungstests außer 
Acht gelassen und des vertraglichen Deckungstests 
(j) 
der Betrag des jeweiligen in die Deckungsmasse aufgenommenen Hypothekendarlehens ist mit 
einem Beleihungsauslauf (LTV) von 100 % gedeckelt; 
(k) 
der Nominalwert der Hypothekendarlehen, die den Mitarbeitern der Emittentin gewährt werden, 
übersteigt 
nicht 
5 
Prozent 
des 
Nennwerts 
der 
im 
Deckungsstock 
enthaltenen 
Hypothekendarlehen; 
(l) 
die Deckungsmasse der Emittentin enthält keine forderungsbesicherten Wertpapiere; und  
(m) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind weder durch Agrarflächen besichert (soweit diese Gegenstand 
eines separaten Grundpfandrechts sind und keinen funktionellen Bestandteil einer anderen 
beliehenen Immobilie darstellen) noch durch andere nicht zu Bauzwecken ausgewiesene 
Grundstücke. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 11) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
jederzeit ordnungsgemäß Buch zu führen und dafür zu sorgen, dass auch ihre 
Tochterunternehmen ordnungsgemäß Buch führen; 
(c) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz zu jeder Zeit aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und 
Registrierungen, die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der 
Tschechischen Republik erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische 
Bankengesetz, 
das 
Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, 
das 
Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der 
CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind, insbesondere verfügt sie über eine gültige 
Genehmigung 
für 
ihre 
gedeckten 
Blocks 
gemäß 
§ 
30d(3) 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (die Erlaubnis für Covered Block); 
(d) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(e) 
ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Rechtsvorschriften der Slowakischen Republik (was 
uneingeschränkt das Slowakische Bankengesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und 
wie dies gemäß diesen Rechtsvorschriften für irgendwelche Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
slowakischem Recht erforderlich ist, die Bestandteil der Deckungsmasse sind; 
(f) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(g) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (g) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens 
(f) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(h) 
jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(i) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder mehrere 
der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten und fortbesteht: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen; oder 
(b) 
die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten 
nicht. 
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam.  
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die einen 
hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zum 
Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten Schuldverschreibungen ist. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung umgehend an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10 
(Zusätzliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin zugunsten der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger)  
Unbeschadet des § 9, wenn eines oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse eintreten und andauern: 
(a) 
die Emittentin eine ihrer sonstigen Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen nicht einhält, erfüllt oder 
beachtet und (außer in Fällen, in denen das Versäumnis nicht behoben werden kann, wenn keine 
Fortsetzung oder Mitteilung wie nachstehend erwähnt, erforderlich ist), und dieses Versäumnis 
andauert und nicht über einen Zeitraum von 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertagen nach der 
Zustellung einer Mitteilung durch einen Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an die Emittentin mit der 
Aufforderung, dies zu beheben, erfolgt; Wesentliche Verpflichtungen bezeichnet alle 
wesentlichen Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, wie sie in den Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen 
und dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag dargelegt sind. 
(b) 
solange dies nach geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben ist, die Emittentin nicht über die Erlaubnis für 
Covered Blocks verfügt; oder 
(c) 
Verstoß gegen die vertragliche Deckungsprüfung in Bezug auf den Deckungsstock, 
und falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt Schuldverschreibungen im Umlauf sind, darf die Emittentin keine tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die die Vorteile des Deckungsstocks nutzen. 
§ 11 
 (Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Homepage 
der 
[maßgebliche 
Börse] 
[Luxemburger 
Börse] 
([www.[Internetadresse einfügen]] [www.luxse.com]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem 
Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin 
die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 12 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 13 
(Vorlegungsfrist)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 14 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 15 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
In Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse enthaltene Hypothekendarlehen nach slowakischem Recht unterliegt 
die Deckungsmasse denjenigen Rechtsvorschriften des Slowakischen Bankengesetzes und anderer 
slowakischer Gesetze, die auf slowakische Hypothekendarlehen anwendbar bzw. für diese relevant sind, 
und genießt den sich aus diesen Vorschriften ergebenden Schutz. 
(4) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, 
München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. 
Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen nur in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
§ 16 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) finden auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung. 
Von 
daher 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des 
Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(e) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben; 
(f) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen; und  
(g) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
kann 
nicht 
dazu 
verwendet 
werden, 
irgendwelchen 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern eine Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten 
aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verabschieden ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer Abstimmung [in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung][ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz 
SchVG i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, die zusammen Schuldverschreibungen in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der 
stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 16 Abs. 2 (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf 
solche Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden 
Stimmrechten verbundenen Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen 
Unternehmen der Emittentin. Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz 
(erster Halbsatz) weiter oben beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sorgen, sind

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt ist und bei der bzw. bei dem der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter) 
bestellen, 
der 
dann 
die 
Rechte 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger namens jedes einzelnen Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers ausübt. Jede 
geschäftsfähige natürliche Person oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats, Aufsichtsrats, Vorstands oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist 
oder dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) 
genannten Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
unverzüglich in angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, derer er sich mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen]-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Option III: Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen  
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die Serie) von nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) (die Schuldverschreibungen)) der 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (die Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (der Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(die 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an 
der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. 
Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(4) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
sind Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear Bank SA/NV

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(Euroclear)[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International Central 
Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs).]. [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(5) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(6) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen 
Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der 
ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in § 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB 
in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff “Schuldverschreibungen ” umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung 
auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
[(5)][(6)] Einzelheiten zur Zeichnung und zum Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen finden sich im Basisprospekt 
(siehe den Abschnitt "Subscription and Sale" im Basisprospekt). 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Während ihrer Laufzeit erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[Im Fall der Abhängigkeit des, auf den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[und den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] anfallenden, Verzugszinses von der Emissionsrendite, 
einfügen: anfällt, einfügen: 
(2) 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet für die Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum (der Berechnungszeitraum):

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in diesem Berechnungszeitraum (vom ersten Tag dieses Zeitraums 
(einschließlich), jedoch ausschließlich des letzten Tages), geteilt durch die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
jeweiligen Kalenderjahr.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als en auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)]) 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: der 
Festgelegten Stückelung] [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einem von der Festgelegten Stückelung 
abweichenden Betrag zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: von [Betrag einfügen] pro Festgelegte 
Stückelung] (der Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig. Für die Zwecke von § 3 Abs. 2, § 3 
Abs. 3 und § 9 gilt, dass jede Schuldverschreibung zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (der 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag) zurückgezahlt wird, der gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird:  
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag = RP x (1 + ER)y 
wobei gilt: 
RP bezeichnet [Referenzpreis einfügen];  
ER bezeichnet [Emissionsrendite als Dezimalzahl einfügen]; und  
y bezeichnet den Zinstagequotient (wie in § 2 definiert).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 11 an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb einer 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die 
Ausgabe der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 Abs. 2 erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; 
auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu 
überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]  
[(2)] [(3)] 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß 
§ 11 an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und 
höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die 
Emittentin vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag irgendeiner Schuldverschreibung gesetzwidrig geworden ist 
oder gesetzwidrig wird, weiterhin Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer 
Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der 
Anwendung oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung vor dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] ankündigt, wird sie der 
Hauptzahlstelle (zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an 
der von ihr benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung 
berechtigt ist, unter Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und 
kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] 
erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht 
verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls 
anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
 
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)] [(4)]  
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres 
beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Schuldverschreibungen 
vollständig [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Emittentin wird mindestens [Zahl einsetzen (mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Schuldverschreibung] 
[der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
([4][5]) 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[und 
den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] nicht bei Fälligkeit zurückzahlt, wird dieser 
Betrag für den Zeitraum verzinst, der mit dem Tag für die Rückzahlung oder dem Fälligkeitstag der jeweiligen 
Schuldverschreibungen beginnt und mit dem Ablauf des Tages endet, der der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht, [und zwar zu einem Betrag in Höhe des gesetzlichen Verzugszinssatzes]13 [in 
Höhe eines Betrags, der der Summe entspricht aus:  
(a) 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] (der Referenzpreis), und  
(b) 
das Produkt von [Emissionsrendite in Prozent einfügen] (die Emissionsrendite) und dem 
Referenzpreis für den Zeitraum von [Ausgabetag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Tag bzw. dem Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden, wobei die Emissionsrendite jährlich berechnet wird. 
Erfolgt diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht einer vollen Anzahl an Jahren entspricht, wird die 
Berechnung in Bezug auf den Zeitraum von weniger als einem ganzen Jahr auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten vorgenommen (wie in § 2 definiert).] 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen [oder] 
 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(b) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin zu zahlen.] 
 
13  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. 2 einfügen: 
(c) 
den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. 2 bestimmten Tag der 
Rückzahlung zu bezahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen[.] [oder]] 
 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. [2][3] einfügen: 
(d) 
den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. [2][3] bestimmten Tag der 
Rückzahlung zu bezahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen[.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
 
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] [des Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am 
jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]” multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] am 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit 
der Konvention von Bankarbeitstagen. 
[Bankarbeitstag bedeutet [TARGET] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist. 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs 
vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (der Ersatz-
Fixing Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge [und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor 
berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter 
Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf 
den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen 
Wechselkurses (der Ersatz-Wechselkurs) bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder 
Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-
Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als 
eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder 
aus der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung 
findet, oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar 
machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen 
Ausführung ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt in [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
(der Zahltag) auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf jegliche Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag.]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf Grund 
einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] [verschoben wird], 
werden ein solcher Zahltag und die jeweilige Zahlung entsprechend angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (bezeichnet als TARGET oder T2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen und Kapital und etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt an jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, der 
Schuldverschreibungs-gläubiger zum Geschäftsschluss an dem Tag, der 15 Bankarbeitstage vor dem 
maßgeblichen Zahlungstag liegt (das Berechtigungsdatum), ist.  
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen14 verzinst [(es sei denn, der 
zur Zahlung anstehende Betrag wird zu einem Zinssatz verzinst, der auf dem gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinssatz beruht und gemäß vorstehendem § [(2)][(3)] berechnet wird)]. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
 
14  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(5) 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, 
erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 definiert) durch 
die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die Zahlstellen) 
ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß 
§ 11 mitzuteilen. 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
(2) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder eine zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als 
zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 11 mitzuteilen. 
(3) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [handelt][handeln] im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, [übernimmt][übernehmen] 
keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern und stehen in keinem Auftrags- 
oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [ist] [sind] von den 
Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
(1) 
Als Quellensteuerstelle haftet die Emittentin und trägt die Beweislast gegenüber den Steuerbehörden in 
Bezug auf (i) die ordnungsgemäße Einbehaltung von Quellensteuern und Steuersicherheiten (je nach 
Sachlage), die nach dem Recht einer Steuerjurisdiktion von jeder Zahlung von Kapital, Zinsen oder 
anderen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen 
sind, sowie (ii) die Gewährung von Steuererleichterungen. Dementsprechend wird die Emittentin, bevor 
eine Steuererleichterung gewährt werden kann, verlangen, dass die Informationen über das 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
ordnungsgemäß 
erhoben 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Zertifizierungsverfahren übermittelt werden, es sei denn, die Emittentin verzichtet darauf durch 
Mitteilung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 11. 
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen durch oder im Namen der Emittentin 
erfolgen erst nach Abzug oder Einbehalt von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben 
jeglicher Art, die durch oder im Namen der Steuerjurisdiktion auferlegt oder erhoben werden (die 
Steuern), insoweit als ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Es werden keine 
zusätzlichen Beträge zur Deckung der auf diese Weise abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Beträge gezahlt. 
Die Emittentin wird über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern gegenüber den zuständigen 
staatlichen Stellen Rechenschaft ablegen. 
(3) 
Vorbehaltlich des Handelns der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben und in wirtschaftlich angemessener 
Weise gemäß § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuchs (BGB) und unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 Tagen, die den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 11 für jede derartige Festsetzung zu gewähren 
ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine Festsetzung 
(jeweils eine Festsetzung) zu einer Bestimmung dieses § 6 vorzunehmen, um Folgendes zu 
berücksichtigen:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(a) 
eine Änderung des anwendbaren tschechischen Rechts oder der tschechischen Vorschriften 
(einschließlich etwaige veröffentlichten Praktiken) in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren oder 
einer Entscheidung oder offiziellen Auslegung derselben; 
(b) 
eine von den tschechischen Steuerbehörden oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde auferlegte 
Anforderung in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; 
(c) 
eine Änderung des marktüblichen Ansatzes in Bezug auf die Zertifizierungsverfahren; oder 
(d) 
eine Änderung der anwendbaren Regeln oder Verfahren einer Partei bei der Durchführung der 
Zertifizierungsverfahren. 
Zur Klarstellung: Eine Festsetzung ist nicht als Änderung, Modifizierung oder Ergänzung der Bedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen anzusehen. 
(4) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code oder irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, 
deren offizieller Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Zusammenarbeit in diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz 
zur Umsetzung oder in Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird.  
(5) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer bezeichnet einen Inhaber einer Schuldverschreibung, wenn dieser 
Inhaber auch wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer (im Sinne des OECD-Musterabkommens zur Vermeidung der 
Doppelbesteuerung von Einkommen und Vermögen) in Bezug auf die auf diese Schuldverschreibung 
gezahlten Erträge ist, oder einen Empfänger solcher Erträge, der als wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer im 
obigen Sinne gilt; 
Informationen über das wirtschaftliche Eigentum bezeichnet bestimmte Informationen und 
Unterlagen, wie sie in den Zertifizierungsverfahren festgelegt sind, insbesondere in Bezug auf die 
Identität und das Land des steuerlichen Wohnsitzes eines Empfängers einer Zins- oder Tilgungszahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung (zusammen mit den entsprechenden Nachweisen), die es der 
Emittentin ermöglichen, zuverlässig festzustellen, dass ein solcher Empfänger ein Wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung ist und dass alle Bedingungen für die Gewährung einer 
Steuererleichterung, falls vorhanden, erfüllt sind. 
Zertifizierungsverfahren bezeichnet die von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, eingeführten 
Verfahren zur Steuererleichterung an der Quelle und Erstattungsverfahren für die Tschechische Republik 
zur Erleichterung der Erfassung der Informationen über das Wirtschaftliche Eigentum, die auf der 
Website der International Capital Market Services Association unter www.icmsa.org abrufbar sind, in 
ihrer jeweils geänderten oder ersetzten Fassung. 
OECD bedeutet Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung (Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development); 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die (i) Tschechische Republik oder eine ihrer politischen 
Untergliederungen oder eine Behörde davon oder darin, die zur Besteuerung befugt ist; oder (ii) jede 
andere Jurisdiktion oder eine politische Untergliederung oder eine zur Besteuerung befugten Behörde

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
davon oder darin, der die von der Emittentin geleisteten Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen generell unterliegen. 
Steuererleichterung bezeichnet eine Befreiung von der Quellensteuer bzw. der Steuersicherheit, sei es 
in Form einer Befreiung oder der Anwendung eines ermäßigten Satzes. 
Steuersicherheit bezeichnet einen besonderen Betrag, der von einer Quellensteuerstelle (z.B. vom 
Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung oder vom Käufer einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung 
steuerpflichtiger Einkünfte einbehalten wird und im Wesentlichen als Vorschuss auf die vom Empfänger 
der betreffenden Einkünfte selbst zu erhebende Steuer dient (d.h. im Gegensatz zur Quellensteuer stellt 
der so einbehaltene Betrag im Allgemeinen keine endgültige Steuerschuld dar). 
Quellensteuer bezeichnet eine Steuer, die durch Abzug an der Quelle durch eine Quellensteuerstelle (z. 
B. durch den Emittenten einer Schuldverschreibung) bei der Zahlung von steuerpflichtigem Einkommen 
erhoben wird. Außer unter bestimmten begrenzten Umständen wird eine solche Steuer im Allgemeinen 
als endgültig betrachtet. 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 15 handelt es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
begebene, 
mit 
Hypotheken gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus den von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben.  
(3) 
[Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich um [sog. “CRR-kompatible” Schuldverschreibungen][ 
„Europäische Gedeckte Schuldverschreibungen (Premium)“], die den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei denen ausschließlich die CRR-
Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen.] 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehens; und  
(ii) 
80 % des Wertes der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR Wohn 
Hypothekendarlehens; 
(b) 
für jedes CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden 
Größe: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen; und

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(ii) 
60 % des Wertes der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses CRR Gewerbliches 
Hypothekendarlehen; 
(c) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden 
Größe: 
(i) 
der Nennwert des sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug auf 
ein solches Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz; und  
(ii) 
den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz; 
(d) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition deren ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle 
aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen in Bezug hierauf; 
(e) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen 
in Bezug hierauf; und  
(f) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht. 
(g) 
Liquide Mittel: den ausstehenden Nennwert sowie alle aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen in Bezug hierauf. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 4. Juni 2020, geändert und neu 
gefasst am 22. Mai 2023,  zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent und Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als 
Sonderaufseher (der Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Handelsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder TARGET für Zahlungen oder Wechselgeschäfte 
mit dem Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
vor dem Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jährlich jedes Datum 
seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, 
das zumindest einen Kalendermonat nach solchem ersten Eintreten folgt. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Forderungen der Emittentin gemäß §  31(2)(d) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der Angepassten Werte 
für alle Deckungsaktiva. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien genügen (soweit auf die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar).

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (sofern anwendbar für das konkrete Deckungsaktiva) festgelegt sind, 
und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung). 
CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet ein CRR-Hypothekendarlehen besichert durch 
eine Beliehene Immobilie die eine Gewerbeimmobilie im Sinne der CRR ist. 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) in Bezug auf die alle einschlägigen 
Anforderungen die in Artikel 208 und Artikel 229 Absatz 1 der CRR genannten Anforderungen erfüllt 
sind. 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet das CRR-Hypothekendarlehen, das durch das belehnte 
Grundstück besichert ist, bei dem es sich um eine Wohnimmobilie gemäß Artikel 4(75) der CRR handelt.  
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß § 
31 Abs. 2 a) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz  bezeichnet die in § 31(2)(b) und (c) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes angegeben Forderungen, die auch mit § 31(2)(a) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes entsprechen. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., über 
die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese tschechischem 
oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie im Rahmen des Programms (als 
die 
hierin 
definierten 
Schuldverschreibungen), 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
Lokalen 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms, im Rahmen eines von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden 
Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. sowie weitere 
von Zeit zu Zeit im Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf 
fortlaufender Basis ernannte Dealer (zusammen die Dealer).

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neugefasste Dealer Agreement vom 12. Oktober 2023 
zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent, UniCredit Bank AG als Arrangeur und Dealer, und UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. als Dealer. 
Schulden  alle von der Deckungsmasse gedeckten Schulden im Sinne der in § 28a Abs. 1 und 2 des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes festgelegten Gesetzlichen Tests. 
Verzug  bedeutet einen Verzug des Darlehensnehmers im Rahmen des Hypothekendarlehens gemäß 
Artikel 178 der CRR oder ein Versäumnis des Darlehensnehmers, eine Zahlung in Bezug auf das 
Hypothekendarlehen innerhalb von 90 Tagen ab dem Datum, an dem es fällig und zahlbar wurde, zu 
leisten. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein Hypothekendarlehen, bei dem ein Verzug eingetreten ist und 
andauert.  
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der Verordnung 
(EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale Gegenparteien 
und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der MiFID II-
Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen gemäß § 31 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den [30. September 2023]; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm 
begibt; 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neugefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 12. Oktober 2023 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Liquide Mittel bezeichnet die im Deckungsvermögensregister gemäß § 28aa(3) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes eingetragenen Mittel. 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm bezeichnet das (dritte, ruhende) CZK 100.000.000.000 
Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin für die Begebung von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten 
Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den Anforderungen 
von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung genügen (und somit die Definition der Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllen) sowie (ii) anderen gemäß tschechischem Recht im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, sodann das (zweite, ruhende) CZK 
20.000.000.000 Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin mit ausstehenden mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den 
Anforderungen von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und 
der 
Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung 
genügen (und 
somit 
die 
Definition 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllen), und schließlich ein ruhendes EUR 5.000.000.000 Programm für 
Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin, vertreten durch ihre Niederlassung in der Slowakei, für die Begebung 
von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypotekárne záložné listy) gemäß 
slowakischem Recht, die den Anforderungen von §§ 14 ff. des slowakischen Gesetzes Nr. 530/1990 Slg., 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(Slowakisches 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) genügen sowie (ii) anderen gemäß slowakischem Recht im Einklang mit 
dem Slowakischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Beleihungsauslauf  bezeichnet das prozentuale Verhältnis der Forderungen der Emittentin aus einem 
Hypothekendarlehen geteilt durch den Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie der betreffenden, durch das 
Hypothekendarlehen besicherten Beliehenen Immobilie. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ist, den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die in der Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz und die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen eine Immobilie, die 
alle relevanten Voraussetzungen gemäß §§ 29 und 30 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
erfüllt und die zur Besicherung des Hypothekendarlehens verpfändet ist.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
dem 
anzuwendenden 
Recht 
(einschl. 
des 
Tschechischen 
Vermögensbewertungsgesetzes) und mit den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung 
Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde.  
Nennwert bezeichnet den ausstehenden Kapitalsaldo einer Tschechischen Schuldverschreibung oder 
einer anderen Schuld oder eines Wertpapiers bzw. eine Summe davon wenn der Kontext dies erfordert. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 164/2014 Slg. der CNB vom 30. Juli 2014 
(Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) über die Umsetzung einiger 
Bestimmungen des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, wie durch die CNB-Verordnung 
ersetzt. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 10.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen zusammen mit allen 
im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Eingetragener Nennwert ist der Teil des Nennwerts eines Hypothekendarlehens, der gemäß § 3 Absatz 
2 Buchstabe g) der CNB-Verordnung zum Zweck der Einhaltung von § 28a des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes im Deckungsregister eingetragen ist. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in tschechischen 
Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für die Umrechnung 
der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bereitstellt, der 
der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für die 
relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag, 
der der jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das slowakische Gesetz Nr. 483/2001 Slg., über Banken, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Staatliche Subvention bezeichnet jede Subvention oder ähnliche Leistung im Sinne der Verordnung der 
tschechischen Regierung Nr. 249/2002 Slg. über die Bedingungen für die Gewährung von Subventionen 
in Bezug auf Hypothekarkredite für Personen unter 36 Jahren (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) und der 
Verordnung der tschechischen Regierung Nr. 244/1995 Slg. über die Bedingungen für die Gewährung 
von Finanzhilfen für Hypothekarkredite für den Wohnungsbau (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) oder 
Leistungen ähnlicher Art, die in das tschechische oder slowakische Recht eingeführt wurden oder nach 
dem Datum des Basisprospekts eingeführt wurden oder werden; zur Vermeidung von Zweifeln schließt 
die Definition der staatlichen Subvention keine Steuervorteile ein. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vorgeschriebenen Tests, die die Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder den Deckungsmasse gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen oder Vorschriften, 
insbesondere dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, erfüllen muss, einschließlich der in 
Abschnitt 28a Abs. 1, 2 und 3 und § 28aa des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten 
Tests. 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien für die in der 
Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Deckungsaktiva, wie sie in den anwendbaren Gesetzen oder Verordnungen, 
einschließlich 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
und 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
insbesondere in den §§ 30 und 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, festgelegt sind. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (der Ersten Person) zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (die Zweite Person):

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden bzw. 
beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis zur 
Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, oder 
anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement;  
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und 
(e) 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag. 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, ergänzten, 
erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.  
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse 
mindestens 
110 
% 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennwerts 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt (der Vertragliche Deckungstest). In Bezug auf den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest, sofern das geltende Recht nichts anderes vorschreibt, wird jeder Betrag in Bezug auf den 
Vertragliche Deckungstest (i) wenn er auf eine andere Währung als die Tschechische Krone lautet, in 
tschechischen Kronen berechneter Gegenwert dieses Betrages, der unter Verwendung des für diese

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Beträge Maßgeblichen Wechselkurses zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt ermittelt wird ii) wenn er auf 
tschechische Kronen lautet, in dem entsprechenden Betrag in tschechischen Kronen. 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen 
ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Schuldverschreibungen abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien erfüllt (zusammen die 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien): 
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem oder slowakischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgezahlt sind und der betreffende Darlehensnehmer 
kein Recht oder Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen Vorschuss von der Emittentin hat; 
(c) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sahen zum Zeitpunkt der Auszahlung keine Staatlichen 
Subventionen in Bezug auf das Kapital oder die Zinsen vor; 
(d) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine erfasste Immobilie gemäß Auszug aus dem Tschechischen 
Grundbuch (“Immobilienkataster” – katastr nemovitostí) oder dem entsprechenden 
Immobilienverzeichnis einer maßgeblichen Jurisdiktion; 
(e) 
die Hypothekendarlehen wurden an eine oder mehrere natürliche Personen bzw. eine oder 
mehrere juristische Personen vergeben; 
(f) 
die Hypothekendarlehen werden bedient, und sind nicht in Verzug; 
(g) 
bei jedem Hypothekendarlehen der Höchstbetrag der gesicherten Forderungen der Emittentin 
mindestens dem Eingetragenen Nennwert des betreffenden Hypothekendarlehens entspricht; 
(h) 
der Beleihungsauslauf des CRR Wohn Hypothekendarlehens 80 % nicht übersteigt und wenn 
er diesen Schwellenwert überschreitet wird der Teil des Nennwerts des CRR Wohn 
Hypothekendarlehens, der den Beleihungssatz von 80 % übersteigt der den Beleihungsauslauf 
von 80 % übersteigt, für die Zwecke des gesetzlichen Tests nicht berücksichtigt und des 
vertraglichen Deckungstests für Vermögenswerte 
(i) 
der Beleihungsauslauf des CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehens 60 % nicht übersteigt und 
wenn er diesen Schwellenwert überschreitet übersteigt, wird der Teil des Nennwerts eines 
solchen CRR Gewerbliches Hypothekendarlehens der den Beleihungsauslauf von 60 % 
übersteigt, für die Zwecke des gesetzlichen Tests und des vertraglichen Deckungstests außer 
Acht gelassen und des vertraglichen Deckungstests 
(j) 
der Betrag des jeweiligen in die Deckungsmasse aufgenommenen Hypothekendarlehens ist mit 
einem Beleihungsauslauf (LTV) von 100 % gedeckelt; 
(k) 
der Nominalwert der Hypothekendarlehen, die den Mitarbeitern der Emittentin gewährt werden, 
übersteigt 
nicht 
5 
Prozent 
des 
Nennwerts 
der 
im 
Deckungsstock 
enthaltenen 
Hypothekendarlehen; 
(l) 
die Deckungsmasse der Emittentin enthält keine forderungsbesicherten Wertpapiere; und

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(m) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind weder durch Agrarflächen besichert (soweit diese Gegenstand 
eines separaten Grundpfandrechts sind und keinen funktionellen Bestandteil einer anderen 
beliehenen Immobilie darstellen) noch durch andere nicht zu Bauzwecken ausgewiesene 
Grundstücke. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 11) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
jederzeit ordnungsgemäß Buch zu führen und dafür zu sorgen, dass auch ihre 
Tochterunternehmen ordnungsgemäß Buch führen; 
(c) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz zu jeder Zeit aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und 
Registrierungen, die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der 
Tschechischen Republik erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische 
Bankengesetz, 
das 
Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, 
das 
Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der 
CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der 
Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind, insbesondere verfügt sie über eine gültige 
Genehmigung 
für 
ihre 
gedeckten 
Blocks 
gemäß 
§ 
30d(3) 
des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes (die Erlaubnis für Covered Block); 
(d) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(e) 
ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Rechtsvorschriften der Slowakischen Republik (was 
uneingeschränkt das Slowakische Bankengesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und 
wie dies gemäß diesen Rechtsvorschriften für irgendwelche Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
slowakischem Recht erforderlich ist, die Bestandteil der Deckungsmasse sind; 
(f) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(g) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (g) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens 
(f) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(h) 
jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(i) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines 
oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten und fortbesteht: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen; oder 
(b) 
die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten 
nicht. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. 
Allerdings darf die Emittentin solange dieser Verstoß fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.  
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam.  
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die einen 
hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zum 
Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten Schuldverschreibungen ist. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung umgehend an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10 
(Zusätzliche Verpflichtungen der Emittentin zugunsten der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) 
Unbeschadet des § 9, wenn eines oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse eintreten und andauern: 
(a) 
die Emittentin eine ihrer sonstigen Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen nicht einhält, erfüllt oder 
beachtet und (außer in Fällen, in denen das Versäumnis nicht behoben werden kann, wenn keine 
Fortsetzung oder Mitteilung wie nachstehend erwähnt, erforderlich ist), und dieses Versäumnis 
andauert und nicht über einen Zeitraum von 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertagen nach der 
Zustellung einer Mitteilung durch einen Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an die Emittentin mit der 
Aufforderung, dies zu beheben, erfolgt; Wesentliche Verpflichtungen bezeichnet alle

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
wesentlichen Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, wie sie in den Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen 
und dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag dargelegt sind. 
(b) 
solange dies nach geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben ist, die Emittentin nicht über die Erlaubnis für 
Covered Blocks verfügt; oder 
(c) 
Verstoß gegen die vertragliche Deckungsprüfung in Bezug auf den Deckungsstock, 
und falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt Schuldverschreibungen im Umlauf sind, darf die Emittentin keine tschechischen 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe begeben, die die Vorteile des Deckungsstocks nutzen. 
§ 11 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung 
auf 
der 
Homepage 
der 
[maßgebliche 
Börse] 
[Luxemburger 
Börse] 
([www.[Internetadresse einfügen]] [www.luxse.com]). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem 
Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin 
die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 12 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 13 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 14 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 15 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
In Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse enthaltene Hypothekendarlehen nach slowakischem Recht unterliegt 
die Deckungsmasse denjenigen Rechtsvorschriften des Slowakischen Bankengesetzes und anderer

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
slowakischer Gesetze, die auf slowakische Hypothekendarlehen anwendbar bzw. für diese relevant sind, 
und genießt den sich aus diesen Vorschriften ergebenden Schutz. 
(4) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, 
München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. 
Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen nur in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst.] 
§ 16 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des (bundesdeutschen) Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) 
finden auf die Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung. Von daher ist die Emittentin berechtigt, diese 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des 
Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung der des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(e) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben; 
(f) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen; und  
(g) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
kann 
nicht 
dazu 
verwendet 
werden, 
irgendwelchen 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern eine Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten 
aufzuerlegen.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verabschieden ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer Abstimmung [in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung][ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz 
SchVG i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, die zusammen Schuldverschreibungen in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der 
stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 16 Abs. 2 (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf 
solche Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden 
Stimmrechten verbundenen Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen 
Unternehmen der Emittentin. Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz 
(erster Halbsatz) weiter oben beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt ist und bei der bzw. bei dem der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter) 
bestellen, 
der 
dann 
die 
Rechte 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger namens jedes einzelnen Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers ausübt. Jede

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
geschäftsfähige natürliche Person oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats, Aufsichtsrats, Vorstands oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist 
oder dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) 
genannten Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
unverzüglich in angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, derer er sich mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen] 
-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
III. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (ENGLISH LANGUAGE 
VERSION) 
Option I: Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (the Issuer) is 
being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date) in bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions 
(the Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Aggregate Principal Amount) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination).  
 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the Exchange 
Date) only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
through such financial institutions) (the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and 
private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below).] 
 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(4) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear).] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
are individually referred to as an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, 
the ICSDs)]. 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
(6) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, 
insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as 
defined in § 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the 
reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds“ shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
[(5)][(6)] Details in respect of subscription and sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are contained in the Base 
Prospectus (see section Subscription and Sale of the Base Prospectus). 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) (including) to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. The respective Interest 
Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day convention [If adjustment 
(as specified in § 4) is applicable, insert: or an adjustment] pursuant to § 4 ([2][3]), be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4 (1). The first payment of interest shall, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to § 4 ([2][3]), be made on [[insert first Interest Payment Date] [In the 
case of a first short/long coupon, insert: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [Initial Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
per Aggregate Principal Amount] [In the case of a last short/long coupon, insert: Interest in respect of 
the period from [insert Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the Maturity 
Date (exclusive) will amount to [[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination] [[Final Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate Principal 
Amount].] 
Interest Period means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) respectively. 
(2) 
Interest Rate means 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
insert:  
[insert interest rate in per cent. per annum]. 
Interest Payment Date means the [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] and the Maturity 
Date.] 
 
[In the case of step- up or step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the percentage relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
as set out in the column “Interest Rate” of the table below.  
Interest Payment Date(s) means each date which is set out under the column “Interest Payment Date” 
in the following table: 
 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Rate 
[first Interest Payment Date] 
[interest rate] 
[For each further Interest Payment Date, insert:  
[insert Interest Payment Date] 
 
[interest rate]] 
Maturity Date 
[interest rate]] 
(3) 
The calculation of the Interest Amount (the Interest Amount) occurs by multiplying the product of the 
Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]. 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
(4) 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to § 2(1). In 
that event, interest shall be payable on those Mortgage Covered Bonds at the rate determined in 
accordance with § 2(5) on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(5) 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be 
[insert percentage] and, where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying Agent two Banking Days 
after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter [insert Interest Payment 
Date(s)] [of each month / specify other] up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
(6) 
§§2(4) to 2(6) shall only apply if the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is automatically extended 
up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)].] 
(7) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage 
Covered Bond for any period of time (the Calculation Period) 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls, 
insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in the Interest 
Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
 
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) 
the number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the 
number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]  
 
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest Payment Date] shall each 
be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30.]] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or 
last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert:

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
  
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period.] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date)] 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the Maturity Date) at their 
Specified Denomination (the Redemption Amount) [if an Extended Maturity Date is applicable, insert:,

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
subject to an extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to [insert Extended Maturity 
Date] (the Extended Maturity Date) as provided in § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] below]. 
 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 11, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 
6) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this 
§ 3(2) are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event 
the content of such certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds 
redeemed pursuant to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not 
more than [insert maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with § 11, all Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, 
or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the 
Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next such Interest Payment Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)], the Issuer delivers to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this § 3[(2)][(3)] 
are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it 
be responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of 
such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or 
incorrect. Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)] will be redeemed at their

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] 
([the][each such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as 
defined in § 4 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued until the Call Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] 
[of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal 
Amount] [as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue price]]] 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
If: 
[(a) 
the Issuer or an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých 
bloků) fails, not at its discretion, to redeem all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within two Banking Days thereafter;][or] 
[(b) 
any circumstance set out in Section 32a(1)(a) to 32a(1)(d) (inclusive) of the Czech Bonds Act 
occurs in relation to the Issuer;][or] 
[(c) 
a crisis resolution measure (opatření k řešení krize) had been imposed in respect of the Issuer 
or a write down or conversion of eligible capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities 
(odpis nebo konverze odepisovatelných kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) is 
adopted against the Issuer in accordance with the applicable law relating to recovery and 
resolution in the financial markets;][or] 
[(d) 
any circumstance set out in Article 54(1)(a)(i) or Article 54(1)(a)(ii) of the CRR occurs in 
relation to the Issuer;][or] 
[(e) 
the Issuer does not meet the liquidity cover pool buffer requirements set out in Section 28aa of 
the Czech Bonds Act or it would, as a result of redeeming all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date, fail to comply with the liquidity requirements set out in the directly 
applicable EU act,] 
 
the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the date on which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will 
be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up 
to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date.  
[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
The Issuer shall give to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
§ 11) and the Principal Paying Agent, notice as to whether or not it intends to redeem all or any of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full at least five Banking Days prior to 
the Maturity Date or the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such person

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date. The Principal Paying Agent will notify the Clearing System of the 
notification (if any) given by the Issuer promptly upon such receipt (and in any event by no later than 
three Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds). For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the Principal Paying Agent has not received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with this 
§ 3[(4)][(5)][(6)], the Principal Paying Agent shall endeavour to notify the Clearing System that the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date and/or the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be. 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
shall be irrevocable. Where § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] applies, any failure to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
on the Maturity Date (except where the Issuer has given notice in accordance with § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)] that 
it will redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] shall not constitute an event of default for 
any purpose or give any Mortgage Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these 
Terms and Conditions. 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] 
[In the event of the extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be 
determined and made in accordance with §§ 2(4) to 2(6) and [specify other].] 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the principal 
amount outstanding on the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] 
For so long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer 
shall not issue any further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
[(9)][(10)][(11)] 
§§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] to 3[(9)][(10)][(11)] shall only apply to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds if the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)].] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and  
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date [including any interest accrued until 
the Call Date [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3(2)), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3(2) 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)], insert: 
(e) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)] 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption [.]]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s)[,][and] [the Optional 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] 
[the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the “[insert first exchange rate]” multiplied by the “[insert second exchange 
rate]”] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert first exchange rate]” means the [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone]) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert second exchange rate]” means [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone]) 
on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant 
currencies quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the 
restriction of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective 
impossibility of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (the Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published by the Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every reference to the Fixing 
Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (the Replacement Exchange Rate) as calculated 
and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing Sponsor, as the case may be. In

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference to the Settlement Rate, 
depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a) 
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b) 
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c) 
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the 
calculation of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances 
having a comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement 
Rate is impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch “BGB”).] 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [●] is effected [●].] [At least [EUR] [●] [0.001] [●] 
[per Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Payment Date) is not a Banking 
Day then  
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking 
Day.] 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment shall be made 
on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Banking 
Day.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in respect 
of such delay.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, such 
Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres].

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
[If TARGET applies, insert: TARGET  means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (referred to as TARGET or T2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be made to 
each Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the close of business 
on the date being 15 Banking Days prior to the relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law15. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the 
effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the 
relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying 
Agent] (the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the Paying 
Agents) and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to 
§ 11. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the 
Calculation Agent).] 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or 
Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of 
international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or another person or 
institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the 
Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 11. 
([3][4]) In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] 
[and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The 
Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] shall be exempt from the 
restrictions of § 181 German Civil Code. 
([4][5]) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
 
15 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if 
at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any 
payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the 
Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer in accordance with this § 6 – for the Beneficial 
Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the 
Certification Procedures. 
 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
(2) 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made 
after deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. 
The Issuer shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities.] 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
(2) 
All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction [other than that under point (g) 
below]; 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in § 4([2][3])); or 
(d) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer not 
having duly received a true, accurate and complete Beneficial Ownership Information or any 
other similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership Information or other claim 
for exemption is required or imposed under the Certification Procedures, except where this is 
caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond, based on the Beneficial Ownership Information received by the Issuer under the 
Certification Procedures, is for or on account of the Tax Security;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(f) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[; or 
(g) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer]. 
In the case of the Beneficial Ownership Information or other similar claim for exemption not being 
delivered to the Issuer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
will withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond [and (ii) as the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. 
below par), 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond] 
unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all the necessary 
information enabling the Issuer to not apply the Withholding Tax or to apply it at a lower rate [or not to 
apply the Tax Security]. 
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 6 (1) to the benefit of the Beneficial 
Owners by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 11.] 
(3) 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of 
the German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any 
determination or specification (each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any 
provision of this § 6 to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect of 
the Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect 
of the Certification Procedures; 
(c) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or supplementing 
any of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
(5) 
As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner 
(within the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of 
income paid on such Mortgage Covered Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial 
owner within the above meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient 
of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (together with relevant 
evidence thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner 
with respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either 
under the Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech 
Income Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate 
income tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a 
situation where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, 
another person, or (ii) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, 
several persons and, in each case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% 
of the registered capital of, or 25% of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.] 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding 
agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the 
relevant income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a 
final tax liability). 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another 
country under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the 
case of Taiwan, the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in 
Relation to Taiwan, as amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final.] 
§ 7 
(Status) 
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 15, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as such Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a special

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
[The Mortgage Covered Bonds are [“CRR Mortgage Covered Bonds”][“European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”] complying with requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using 
the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech 
Bonds Act.] 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each CRR Residential Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such CRR 
Residential Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
80 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Residential 
Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such CRR 
Commercial Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
60 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Commercial 
Mortgage Loan; 
(c) 
each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such Czech 
Bonds Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Czech Bonds Mortgage Loan; 
(d) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued and 
unpaid interest relating thereto; 
(e) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued interest relating thereto; 
(f) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law; and 
(g) 
each Liquid Asset, its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued interest relating thereto. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 4 June 2020, as amended and 
restated on 22 May 2023, and entered into by and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in 
or conversions to or from euros, TARGET is open for business. 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date:

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly 
Date falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Cash means receivables or other assets of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (in Czech, Vyhláška 
České národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the Adjusted Values of all 
Cover Assets. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions (if applicable 
for the particular Cover Asset) to cover the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including, among other things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a commercial immovable property within the meaning of the CRR. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR in relation to which all the relevant requirements set out in Articles 208 and 229(1) of the CRR 
are fulfilled. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR. 
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a residential property pursuant to Article 4(75) of the CRR.  
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Bonds Act PSB’s Receivables means receivables set out in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech 
Bonds Act that also comply with Section 31(8) of the Czech Bonds Act.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage 
covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the 
Czech Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under 
the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), under the Local Bond Programme, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Dealer means UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. and any other 
dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 October 2023 and entered 
into between the Issuer as issuer, UniCredit Bank AG as arranger and dealer and UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s. as dealer. 
Debts means all debts covered by the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out in Section 
28a(1) and (2) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Default means a default in respect of the borrower under the Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of 
the CRR or a failure by the borrower to make any payment in respect of the Mortgage Loan within 90 
days from the date on which it became due and payable. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which a Default occurred and is continuing. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of Section 
C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the Czech 
Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means [30 September 2023]. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 12 October 2023 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Liquid Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register referred to in Section 28aa(3) of 
the Czech Bonds Act. 
Local Bond Programmes means the (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic bond programme of the 
Issuer for the issuance of both (i) mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under 
Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the (second, 
inactive) CZK 20,000,000,000 domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., 
Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds) and an inactive EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
programme of the Issuer, acting through its branch in Slovakia, for the issuance of (i) mortgage covered 
bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
14 et seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Slovak Bonds Act) and (ii) 
other bonds issued under Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act. 
LTV Ratio means the percentage ratio of the amount of receivables of the Issuer from a Mortgage Loan 
divided by the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant Mortgaged Property securing such Mortgage 
Loan. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not an Asset Monitor Business Day, 
then the immediately following Asset Monitor Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure such 
Mortgage Loan fulfilling all the relevant conditions set out in Sections 29 and 30 of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including the Czech Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s 
internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property.  
Nominal Value means the outstanding principal balance of a Czech Mortgage Covered Bond, Mortgage 
Loans or any other debt or security as the case may be or a sum thereof if the context so requires. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Previous CNB Decree means Decree of the CNB No. 164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, 
Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing certain 
provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB Decree. 
Programme means the € 10,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables together with the Czech Bonds Act 
PSB’s Receivables. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Registered Nominal Value means the part of the Nominal Value of a Mortgage Loan registered in the 
Cover Assets Register pursuant to Section 3(2)(g) of the CNB Decree for the purpose of compliance with 
Section 28a of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Asset Monitor Business Day before the relevant 
determination or, (ii) if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech 
Koruna is available, the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the 
relevant currency or currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR 
and subsequently converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or 
EUR exchange rate to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Asset 
Monitor Business Day before the relevant determination. 
Slovak Banking Act means Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, as amended.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
State Subsidy means any subsidy or similar benefit within the meaning of Czech Government 
Regulation No. 249/2002 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Subsidies in relation to Mortgage 
Loans Provided to Persons Under 36 Years of Age, as amended, and Czech Government Regulation No. 
244/1995 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Financial Subsidies in relation to Mortgage Loans for 
Housing Development, as amended, or any subsidy or benefits having a similar nature that had been 
introduced into Czech law or Slovak law or may be introduced into Czech law or Slovak law after the 
date of the Base Prospectus; for the avoidance of any doubt, the definition of State Subsidy shall not 
include any tax benefits. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Sections 28a(1), (2) and (3) and 28aa of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Sections 30 and 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; 
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional Cover Pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and reviews 
as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that each 
Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in compliance with 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such substitutions in 
the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). In relation to the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each amount shall be 
calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech Koruna equivalent of 
such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant 
date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in compliance, 
it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the 
Issuer shall not issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover 
Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating agency 
which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value 
of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer 
with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria to (collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or 
entitlement to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in relation 
to principal or interest; 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) or the respective land registry in the relevant 
jurisdiction; 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are performing and are not Defaulted Loans;  
(g) 
under each Mortgage Loan, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least 
equal to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
(j) 
the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a 
maximum LTV ratio of 100 per cent.; 
(k) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer's employees does not exceed 5 
per cent. of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; 
(l) 
the Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(m) 
the Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
at all times keep and procure that its Subsidiaries keep, proper books of account; 
(c) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations, in particular, it shall maintain a valid approval of its covered block pursuant to 
Section 30d(3) of the Czech Bonds Act (the Permission for Covered Block); 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time and 
in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply in all 
material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), including, but not limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the 
Cover Assets Register and any other ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Slovak Republic (including, without limitation, the Slovak Banking Act) at such time and in 
such manner as required by such laws and regulations in respect of any Mortgage Loan governed 
by Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(f) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(g) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (f) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (g) and 
paragraph (f) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(h) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(i) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, except 
for: 
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or 
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant event 
of default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall fall 
and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent 
shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Additional Undertakings of the Issuer for the Benefit of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) 
Without prejudice to §9, if any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing:  
(a) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains unremedied for 
the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; Significant Obligations 
means any material obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset 
Monitor Agreement; 
(b) 
for so long as this requirement is stipulated by applicable law, the Issuer does not have the 
Permission for Covered Block; or 
(c) 
a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test with respect to the Cover Pool,

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
and if there are any Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
§ 11 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
 
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange, insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette (in 
German, Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (in German, Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, 
the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (in 
German, Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, 
insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
([www.[insert internet address]] [www.luxse.com]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].] 
§ 12 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 13 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 14 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ 15 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act 
and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Cover Pool, will be subject to and will benefit from, in respect of Mortgage Loans governed by 
Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool, those provisions of the Slovak Banking Act and any other 
provisions of Slovak law applicable to or relevant for the Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided:

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided.] 
(5)        These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language: 
(5)          These Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language.] 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (in German, Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (the SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, 
the Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ termination rights under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(g) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [in a bondholders’ 
meeting][without a physical meeting pursuant to § 18 SchVG]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection 
with § 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set 
out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote 
participating in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 16 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(in German, Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so 
suspended, to another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; 
this shall also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting 
right for the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time 
of voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate 
body, an officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (in German, Gesamtgläubiger); in the 
performance of its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed 
by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited 
to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] 
times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon 
the assertion of claims for compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common 
Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Option II: Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (the Issuer) is 
being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date) in bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions 
(the Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Aggregate Principal Amount) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the Exchange 
Date) only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
through such financial institutions) (the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and 
private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below).] 
 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(4) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear).] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
are individually referred to as an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, 
the ICSDs).] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
(6) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, 
insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as 
defined in § 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the 
reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds” shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
[(5)][(6)] Details in respect of subscription and sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are contained in the Base 
Prospectus (see section Subscription and Sale of the Base Prospectus). 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) (including) [for each Interest 
Period] to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. 
The respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 4): or an adjustment] pursuant to § 4 [(2)][(3)], 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4 (1). 
Interest Payment Date means

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
for the period, during which the Mortgage Covered Bonds bear interest on a fixed rate basis (the Fixed 
Interest Term): 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]] 
and for the period, during which the Mortgage Covered Bonds bear interest on a floating rate basis (the 
Floating Interest Term): 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert: 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date] beginning with 
[first Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].] 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] 
[weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date [and the Maturity Date] beginning with [first 
Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].]  
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert: 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates without a first long/short coupon, 
insert:  
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date]]  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates with a first long/short coupon, insert: 
the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter [each][the] [insert specified 
Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date].] 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] [weeks] 
[months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date[, and the Maturity Date].]] 
Interest Period means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) respectively.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert: 
(2) 
The interest rate (the Interest Rate)  
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Fixed Interest Term, will be [insert fixed 
interest rate in per cent. per annum]  
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the First Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be [[insert initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination] [[insert initial broken amount] 
per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
the Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Floating Interest Term, 
will, except as provided below, be:] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert:  
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be]  
the Reference Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the case of a Margin, 
insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: Margin means [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
Reference Rate means,  
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
[insert in case of Mortgage Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is not SONIA®, SOFR® or €STR®: the 
[[insert number]-month [Euribor] [[insert number]-month [Pribor] offered rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page 
as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] 
time, on the respective Interest Determination Date]] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA®) rate for the relevant London Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page 
as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for 
the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following formula.  
Compounded Daily SONIA® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
SONIA® as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on 
the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + SONIA®i−pLBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑
 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
SONIA®i-pLBD 
means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA® reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
“i ”. 
Observation Period  
means the period from and including the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds become due and payable)] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate (SOFR®) rate for 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily US Dollar overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following 
formula: 
 
[∏(1 +
SOFR®i−pUSBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities Banking Day (as defined below) in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Banking Day; 
SOFR®i-pUSBD means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SOFR® reference rate for the U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Banking Days 
prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day “i”. 
Observation Period 
means the period from and including the date falling five U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable).]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: the daily Euro short-term rate (€STR®) for the relevant TARGET 
Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the 
following formula. 
Compounded Daily €STR® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
[∏(1 + €STR®i−pTBD × ni
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of TARGET Banking Days since the relevant Interest Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
p 
 
 
means 
[insert 
relevant definitions].  
ni 
for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but 
excluding the following TARGET Banking Day; 
€STR®i-pTBD  
means, in respect of any TARGET Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR® reference rate for the TARGET Banking Day 
falling “p” TARGET Banking Days prior to the relevant TARGET Banking 
Day “i”. 
Observation Period 
means the period from and including the date falling five TARGET Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five TARGET Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five TARGET 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds become due and payable). 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards.] 
 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the first Interest Payment Date, for which the 
Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month [Euribor] [insert 
number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] 
offered rate (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, 
insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination 
Date.)]  
 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Maturity Date, for which the Reference Rate will 
be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered 
rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate (each expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) each for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest Period which

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference 
Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
[If the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, insert:  
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such offered rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page, the Interest Rate shall be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered 
quotation was displayed.] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert:  
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such offered rate does not appear on the Screen Page, the 
[Calculation Agent] [Issuer] will request each of the Reference Banks to provide its rate at which deposits in the 
Specified Currency are offered at approximately 11:00 a.m., Prague time, on the respective Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the [Prague interbank market for the respective Interest Period in a representative amount. 
[The Issuer will then provide this rate to the Calculation Agent.] 
If at least two of the Reference Banks provide the [Calculation Agent] [Issuer] with such quotations, the respective 
Reference Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such quotations. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the [Calculation Agent] 
[Issuer] with such quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as described 
above) of the rates quoted by major banks in the Prague, determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion § 315 BGB), at approximately 11:00 a.m., Prague time, on that Interest Determination Date for deposits 
in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for the respective Interest Period and in a representative 
amount.] 
 
If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time, SONIA® shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England’s bank rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA® to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA® has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how SONIA® 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA®, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that 
it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA® for the purpose of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds for so long as SONIA® is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which 
would have been applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless both a SOFR® Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day for which SOFR® was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if a SOFR® 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal 
Reserve Bank or other designated administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended within one 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest 
Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (i) 
references to SOFR® where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Banking Day were 
references to New York Banking Day, (iii) references to SOFR® Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR 
Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Event 
has occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR® were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) 
references to U.S. Government Securities Banking Day were references to New York Banking Day and (z) 
references to the Screen Page were references to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve’s Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target 
range and the lower bound of the target range). 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect 
of the New York Banking Day immediately preceding such Interest Determination Date as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York 
Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income securities and 
derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been publicly acknowledged 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as an “OBFR Index 
Cessation Event” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto) (as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (the ISDA Definitions). 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a SOFR® Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), 
ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate may no longer be used.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited 
to, fixed income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has 
been publicly acknowledged by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. as an “SOFR Index Cessation Event” under the ISDA Definitions.] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert:  
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the respective Interest Determination Date on the [insert 
screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes guidance as to (i) how 
€STR® is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the [Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the 
extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine €STR®i for the purpose of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for so long as €STR®i is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which 
would have been applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
Interest Determination Date means the [first] [last] [second] [insert other number of days] [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the Reference 
Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which TARGET is operational.]  
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, 
insert: U.S. Government Securities] Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [If the 
Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert other 
financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET applies, insert: TARGET  means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer-System (referred to as TARGET or T2).] 
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
Reference Banks means four major banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] interbank 
market, which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB).  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed in the Annex of 
Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: If (i) a public statement or information has been published by 
the competent authority of the administrator of the [Euribor] [€STR®] to the effect that the [Euribor] [€STR®] has 
ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry accepted rate for debt instruments such as the Notes, or 
comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or information has been published to the effect that the 
administrator of the [Euribor] [€STR®] commences the orderly wind-down of the [Euribor] [€STR®] or ceases the 
calculation and publication of the [Euribor] [€STR®] permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
publication of such statement or information, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
[Euribor] [€STR®], (iii) the administrator of the [Euribor] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a 
bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator 
or its supervisory or regulatory authority; (iv) the competent authority for the administrator of the [Euribor] 
[€STR®] withdraws or suspends the authorisation pursuant to Article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation) or the recognition pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires 
the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the 
time of the withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that 
continues to provide the [Euribor] [€STR®] and its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the 
[Euribor] [€STR®] or ceases to provide the [Euribor] [€STR®] or certain maturities or certain currencies for which 
the [Euribor] [€STR®] is calculated permanently or indefinitely; or (v) the [Euribor] [€STR®] is otherwise 
discontinued or it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the [Euribor] [€STR®] for any 
other reason (each a Discontinuation Event), the [Euribor] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined by 
the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the Successor Reference Rate):] 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA® or SOFR®, insert: If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to use [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®], (ii) the administrator of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] ceases to calculate and publish the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] becomes insolvent 
or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by 
the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] is 
otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation Event), the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] shall be 
replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the 
Successor Reference Rate):] 
(I) 
The [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by the administrator of the [Reference Rate] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor 
rate for the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] for the term of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot 
be determined); 
(II) 
the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference 
rate for a comparable term for floating rate mortgage covered bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an 
alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
(III) 
the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference 
rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate 
futures in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures with regard 
to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
(IV) 
the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate, 
which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek 
and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced with the 
type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (in German, billiges Ermessen) with regard 
to the term of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and the relevant currency in a commercially 
reasonable manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal Republic of Germany at the relevant 
time. 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used in connection with such successor 
reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference 
Rate (the Relevant Date) any reference to the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be read as a 
reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant 
Date on be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply 
mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] with a Successor 
Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in 
determining the Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before the Discontinuation Event 
occurred and which is not to the economic detriment of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] cannot be 
replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par, together with any 
accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such 
redemption to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8.  
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate applicable from the first Interest 
Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable 
to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, 
insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin 
being added, insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied against such 
quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [⚫]. If the 
Issuer elects not to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first Interest 
Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap, being the swap rate expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum which appears on the Screen Page as of the Reference Rate Time on the respective Interest 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not appear on the Screen Page, the 
[Calculation Agent] [Issuer] will request the Reference Banks to provide the mid-market annual swap rate 
quotations at approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest Determination Date [and will 
provide these to the Calculation Agent]. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for that Interest Determination Date will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotations (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
Reference Rate Time means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market which will be 
determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion § 315 BGB). 
Interest Determination Date means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other number of days] [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which TARGET is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [insert financial centre] Banking Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency) in [insert financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET applies, insert: TARGET  means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer-System (referred to as TARGET or T2).] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate, (ii) the administrator 
of the Reference Rate ceases to calculate and publish the Reference Rate permanently or for an indefinite period 
of time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy,

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise being discontinued (each a 
Discontinuation Event), the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by 
applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the Successor Reference Rate): 
(I) 
The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is announced 
by the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a regulatory or supervisory authority as 
the successor rate for the Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which can be used in accordance 
with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be determined);  
(II) 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, which is or 
will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating 
rate mortgage covered bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot be 
determined); 
(III) 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, which is or 
will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant currency on a 
recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a 
comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
(IV) 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by the Issuer 
(who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable 
third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced with the type of calculations required at the time) 
in its reasonable discretion (in German, billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the Reference Rate and the 
relevant currency in a commercially reasonable manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used in connection with such successor 
reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate). From the date of the determination of the Successor Reference 
Rate (the Relevant Date) any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor 
Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference 
to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may 
specify an interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate and 
calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying 
steps (I) through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in 
part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par, together with any accrued interest until the 
redemption date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8.  
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate applicable from the first Interest 
Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the redemption date shall be [the Interest Rate applicable 
to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, 
insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin 
being added, insert: In case the relevant quotation will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied against such 
quotation. The Margin will thereby be reduced.] The Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] [⚫]. If the 
Issuer elects not to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first Interest 
Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert:

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(3) 
The interest rate (the Interest Rate)  
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Fixed Interest Term, will be [insert fixed 
interest rate in per cent. per annum] 
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the First Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be [[insert initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination] [[insert initial broken amount] 
per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
The Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Floating Interest Term, 
will be, except as provided below:] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert:  
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be] 
the relevant ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], [In the case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The Margin amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
ISDA Rate means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were to act as calculation agent for such swap transaction, such determination occurring pursuant 
to an agreement declaring the 2006 ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Definitions (in the version that is 
valid, current, updated and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on their 
website at www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) part of the contract and according 
to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate (“Euribor”) or the Prague Interbank Offered Rate (“Pribor”) 
for a currency: the first day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
not based on the Euribor or the Pribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]). 
For purposes of this paragraph (3), (i) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meaning accorded to these terms in the ISDA Definitions, 
and (ii) Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) 
No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: (3) 
 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:  
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above provisions is 
less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Interest Rate].] 
 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert:

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above provisions is 
higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
[(3)][(4)]  
The Interest Amount (the Interest Amount) will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified 
Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
[(4)][(5)] 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the 
Maturity Date on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity 
Date, subject to § 2(1). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Mortgage Covered Bonds at the 
rate determined in accordance with § 2[(5)][(6)] on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect 
of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. The final Interest 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
[(5)][(6)] 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date will be [insert percentage] and, where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying Agent two 
Banking Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter [insert 
Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each month / specify other] up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
[(6)][(7)] 
§§ 2[(4)][(5)] to 2[(6)][(7)] shall only apply if the maturity of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)].] 
[(7)][(8)] 
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for 
the respective Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are at that point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification 
to the stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the 
[fourth] [insert number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be adjusted in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment). Any such adjustment will be promptly notified to any stock 
exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are then admitted or traded and to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8. 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[(8)][(9)] 
Day Count Fraction means,  
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of 
time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed 
Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls, 
insert:  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number 
of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
 
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period 
and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive 
Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]  
 
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert: 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive 
Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of 
a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).]

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of time [In 
the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed Interest Term] 
[and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
  
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31 
and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and 
including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period.]

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date)] 
[(1)]  
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [In the case of a specified maturity date, insert: 
[insert Maturity Date]] [In the case of a specified maturity month, insert: the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert month] of [insert year]] (the Maturity Date) at their [Specified Denomination] 
[Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Redemption Amount) [if an Extended Maturity Date is applicable, 
insert:, subject to an extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to [insert Extended 
Maturity Date] (the Extended Maturity Date) as provided in § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] below]. 
 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on 
any Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than 
[insert maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 
11, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this 
§ 3(2) are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event 
the content of such certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds 
redeemed pursuant to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers 
of days] and not more than [insert maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with § 11, all Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if 
it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful 
for the Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next such Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)], the Issuer delivers to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this § 3[(2)][(3)] 
are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it 
be responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of 
such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or 
incorrect. Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)] will be redeemed at their 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] 
([the][each such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as 
defined in § 4 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued until the Call Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] 
[of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal 
Amount] [as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue price]]] 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
If:  
[(a) 
the Issuer or an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých 
bloků) fails, not at its discretion, to redeem all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within two Banking Days thereafter;][or] 
[(b) 
any circumstance set out in Section 32a(1)(a) to 32a(1)(d) (inclusive) of the Czech Bonds Act 
occurs in relation to the Issuer;][or] 
[(c) 
a crisis resolution measure (opatření k řešení krize) had been imposed in respect of the Issuer 
or a write down or conversion of eligible capital instruments and eligible intragroup liabilities 
(odpis nebo konverze odepisovatelných kapitálových nástrojů a vnitroskupinových závazků) is 
adopted against the Issuer in accordance with the applicable law relating to recovery and 
resolution in the financial markets;][or] 
[(d) 
any circumstance set out in Article 54(1)(a)(i) or Article 54(1)(a)(ii) of the CRR occurs in 
relation to the Issuer;][or] 
[(e) 
the Issuer does not meet the liquidity cover pool buffer requirements set out in Section 28aa of 
the Czech Bonds Act or it would, as a result of redeeming all of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
in full on the Maturity Date, fail to comply with the liquidity requirements set out in the directly 
applicable EU act,]

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the date on which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will be due 
and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity 
Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
 [(4)][(5)][(6)] 
The Issuer shall give to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
§ 11) and the Principal Paying Agent, notice as to whether or not it intends to redeem all or any of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full at least five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such person shall not affect the validity 
or effectiveness of any extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date. 
The Principal Paying Agent will notify the Clearing System of the notification (if any) given by the Issuer 
promptly upon such receipt (and in any event by no later than three Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Principal Paying Agent has not received a notice 
from the Issuer in accordance with this § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)], the Principal Paying Agent shall endeavour to notify the 
Clearing System that the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date and/or the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case may be. 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
shall be irrevocable. Where § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] applies, any failure to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
on the Maturity Date (except where the Issuer has given notice in accordance with § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)] that 
it will redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] shall not constitute an event of default for 
any purpose or give any Mortgage Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these 
Terms and Conditions. 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be 
determined and made in accordance with §§ 2[(4)][(5)] to 2[(6)][(7)] and [specify other]. 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the principal 
amount outstanding on the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] 
For so long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer 
shall not issue any further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
[(9)][(10)][(11)] 
§§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] to 3[(9)][(10)][(11)] shall only apply to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds if the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)].] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and 
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date including any interest accrued until 
the Call Date [.] [or]]

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3(2)), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3(2) any 
interest accrued until such date of redemption [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)], insert: 
(e) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)] 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption[.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s)[,][and] [the Optional 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] 
[the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the “[insert first exchange rate]” multiplied by the “[insert second exchange 
rate]”] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert first exchange rate]” means the [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone]) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert second exchange rate]” means [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone]) 
on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant 
currencies quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the 
restriction of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective 
impossibility of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (the Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published by the Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every reference to the Fixing 
Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (the Replacement Exchange Rate) as calculated 
and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing Sponsor, as the case may be. In 
case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference to the Settlement Rate, 
depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a) 
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b) 
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c) 
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the 
calculation of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances 
having a comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement 
Rate is impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German 
Civil Code (in German, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch “BGB”).] 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [●] is effected [●].] [At least [EUR] [●] [0.001] [●] 
[per Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Payment 
Date) is not a Banking Day then 
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Floating Rate Convention, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day, unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) an Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Banking Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Banking 
Day in the month, which falls [[insert number] months][insert other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Banking Day.]

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in respect of such 
delay.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert: 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, such Payment 
Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET applies, insert: TARGET means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (referred to as TARGET or T2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be made to 
each Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the close of business 
on the date being 15 Banking Days prior to the relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law16. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the 
effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the 
relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying 
Agent] (the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the Paying 
Agents) and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to 
§ 11. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
 
16 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if 
at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the 
Calculation Agent). 
(3) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent or 
Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of 
international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] or another person or 
institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent. Any such transfer of the functions of the 
Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly 
by the Issuer pursuant to § 11. 
(4) 
In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent[, the Paying Agent[s]] and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal 
Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent shall be exempt from the restrictions 
of § 181 German Civil Code. 
(5) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any 
payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the 
Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer in accordance with this § 6 – for the Beneficial 
Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the 
Certification Procedures. 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
(2) 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made 
after deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. 
The Issuer shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities. 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
(2) 
All payments of principal and interest or any other amounts payable by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax 
Jurisdiction (the Taxes) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the absence of such withholding or

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction [other than that under point (g) 
below]; 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in § 4([2][3])); or 
(d) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond is required by reason of the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer not 
having duly received a true, accurate and complete Beneficial Ownership Information or any 
other similar claim for exemption, where such Beneficial Ownership Information or other claim 
for exemption is required or imposed under the Certification Procedures, except where this is 
caused by actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(e) 
where any such withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes in respect of such Mortgage 
Covered Bond, based on the Beneficial Ownership Information received by the Issuer under the 
Certification Procedures, is for or on account of the Tax Security; 
(f) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Czech Tax Resident individual[; or 
(g) 
the Beneficial Owner of which is a Person Related Through Capital with the Issuer]. 
In the case of the Beneficial Ownership Information or other similar claim for exemption not being 
delivered to the Issuer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in paragraph (d) above, the Issuer 
will withhold (i) 35 per cent. Withholding Tax from any payment of interest on such Mortgage Covered 
Bond [and (ii) as the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued at a price lower than its principal amount (i.e. 
below par), 1 per cent. Tax Security from any payment of principal on such Mortgage Covered Bond] 
unless the Issuer is satisfied, in its absolute discretion, that it has in its possession all the necessary 
information enabling the Issuer to not apply the Withholding Tax or to apply it at a lower rate [or not to 
apply the Tax Security]. 
The Issuer may, at any time, waive any condition set out in this § 6 (1) to the benefit of the Beneficial 
Owners by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 11.] 
(3) 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of 
the German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any 
determination or specification (each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any 
provision of this § 6 to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect of 
the Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect 
of the Certification Procedures; 
(c) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or supplementing 
any of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
(4) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
(5) 
As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner 
(within the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of 
income paid on such Mortgage Covered Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial 
owner within the above meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient 
of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (together with relevant 
evidence thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner 
with respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
[Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is not a tax resident of the Czech Republic, either 
under the Income Taxes Act or under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Czech 
Income Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty (if any).] 
[Income Taxes Act means the Czech Act No. 586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended.] 
[Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate 
income tax but who may not necessarily have a legal personality).] 
[OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.] 
[Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a 
situation where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, 
another person, or (ii) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, 
several persons and, in each case, such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25% 
of the registered capital of, or 25% of the voting rights in, such other person/persons.] 
[Relevant Date means whichever is the later of (1) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (2) if the full amount payable has not been received in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.] 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding 
agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
relevant income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a 
final tax liability). 
[Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another 
country under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the 
case of Taiwan, the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the Elimination of Double Taxation in 
Relation to Taiwan, as amended.] 
[Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final.]  
§ 7 
(Status) 
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 15, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as such Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a special 
regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
[The Mortgage Covered Bonds are [“CRR Mortgage Covered Bonds”] [“European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”] complying with requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using 
the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech 
Bonds Act.] 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each CRR Residential Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such CRR 
Residential Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
80 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Residential 
Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such CRR 
Commercial Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
60 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Commercial 
Mortgage Loan; 
(c) 
each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such Czech 
Bonds Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Czech Bonds Mortgage Loan;

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
(d) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued and 
unpaid interest relating thereto; 
(e) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued interest relating thereto; 
(f) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law; and 
(g) 
each Liquid Asset, its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued interest relating thereto. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 4 June 2020, as amended and 
restated on 22 May 2023, and entered into by and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in 
or conversions to or from euros, TARGET is open for business. 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly 
Date falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Cash means receivables or other assets of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (in Czech, Vyhláška 
České národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the Adjusted Values of all 
Cover Assets. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions (if applicable 
for the particular Cover Asset) to cover the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including, among other things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a commercial immovable property within the meaning of the CRR. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR in relation to which all the relevant requirements set out in Articles 208 and 229(1) of the CRR 
are fulfilled. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a residential property pursuant to Article 4(75) of the CRR. 
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Bonds Act PSB’s Receivables means receivables set out in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech 
Bonds Act that also comply with Section 31(8) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage 
covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the 
Czech Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under 
the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), under the Local Bond Programme, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Dealer means UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. and any other 
dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 October 2023 and entered 
into between the Issuer as issuer, UniCredit Bank AG as arranger and dealer and UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s.as dealer. 
Debts means all debts covered by the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out in Section 
28a(1) and (2) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Default means a default in respect of the borrower under the Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of 
the CRR or a failure by the borrower to make any payment in respect of the Mortgage Loan within 90 
days from the date on which it became due and payable. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which a Default occurred and is continuing. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of Section

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the Czech 
Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means [30 September 2023]. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 12 October 2023 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Liquid Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register referred to in Section 28aa(3) of 
the Czech Bonds Act. 
Local Bond Programmes means the (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic bond programme of the 
Issuer for the issuance of both (i) mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under 
Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the (second, 
inactive) CZK 20,000,000,000 domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., 
Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds) and an inactive EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme of the Issuer, acting through its branch in Slovakia, for the issuance of (i) mortgage covered 
bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
14 et seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Slovak Bonds Act) and (ii) 
other bonds issued under Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act. 
LTV Ratio means the percentage ratio of the amount of receivables of the Issuer from a Mortgage Loan 
divided by the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant Mortgaged Property securing such Mortgage 
Loan. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not an Asset Monitor Business Day, 
then the immediately following Asset Monitor Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure such 
Mortgage Loan fulfilling all the relevant conditions set out in Sections 29 and 30 of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including the Czech Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s 
internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. 
Nominal Value means the outstanding principal balance of a Czech Mortgage Covered Bond, Mortgage 
Loans or any other debt or security as the case may be or a sum thereof if the context so requires. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Previous CNB Decree means Decree of the CNB No. 164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, 
Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing certain 
provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB Decree. 
Programme means the € 10,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables together with the Czech Bonds Act 
PSB’s Receivables. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Registered Nominal Value means the part of the Nominal Value of a Mortgage Loan registered in the 
Cover Assets Register pursuant to Section 3(2)(g) of the CNB Decree for the purpose of compliance with 
Section 28a of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Asset Monitor Business Day before the relevant 
determination or, (ii) if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech 
Koruna is available, the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the 
relevant currency or currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR 
and subsequently converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or 
EUR exchange rate to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Asset 
Monitor Business Day before the relevant determination. 
Slovak Banking Act means Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
State Subsidy means any subsidy or similar benefit within the meaning of Czech Government 
Regulation No. 249/2002 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Subsidies in relation to Mortgage 
Loans Provided to Persons Under 36 Years of Age, as amended, and Czech Government Regulation No. 
244/1995 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Financial Subsidies in relation to Mortgage Loans for 
Housing Development, as amended, or any subsidy or benefits having a similar nature that had been 
introduced into Czech law or Slovak law or may be introduced into Czech law or Slovak law after the 
date of the Base Prospectus; for the avoidance of any doubt, the definition of State Subsidy shall not 
include any tax benefits. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Sections 28a(1), (2) and (3) and 28aa of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Sections 30 and 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; 
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; and

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
(e) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional Cover Pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the 
Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and reviews 
as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that each 
Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in compliance with 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such substitutions in 
the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). In relation to the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each amount shall be 
calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech Koruna equivalent of 
such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant 
date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in compliance, 
it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the 
Issuer shall not issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover 
Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating agency 
which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value 
of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer 
with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria to (collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or 
entitlement to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in relation 
to principal or interest;

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) or the respective land registry in the relevant 
jurisdiction; 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are performing and are not Defaulted Loans;  
(g) 
under each Mortgage Loan, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least 
equal to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(j) 
the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a 
maximum LTV ratio of 100 per cent.; 
(k) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer's employees does not exceed 5 
per cent. of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; 
(l) 
the Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(m) 
the Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
at all times keep and procure that its Subsidiaries keep, proper books of account; 
(c) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations, in particular, it shall maintain a valid approval of its covered block pursuant to 
Section 30d(3) of the Czech Bonds Act (the Permission for Covered Block); 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time and 
in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply in all 
material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), including, but not limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the 
Cover Assets Register and any other ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool);

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
(e) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Slovak Republic (including, without limitation, the Slovak Banking Act) at such time and in 
such manner as required by such laws and regulations in respect of any Mortgage Loan governed 
by Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(f) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(g) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (f) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (g) and 
paragraph (f) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(h) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(i) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, except 
for:  
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or  
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant event 
of default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall fall

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent 
shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Additional Undertakings of the Issuer for the Benefit of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) 
Without prejudice to §9, if any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing:  
(a) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains unremedied for 
the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; Significant Obligations 
means any material obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset 
Monitor Agreement; 
(b) 
for so long as this requirement is stipulated by applicable law, the Issuer does not have the 
Permission for Covered Block; or 
(c) 
a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test with respect to the Cover Pool, 
and if there are any Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
§ 11 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
 
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette (in 
German, Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (in German, Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, 
the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (in 
German, Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
([www.[insert internet address]] [www.luxse.com]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first of such publications).]]

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
[(2)] 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert: 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert: 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].] 
§ 12 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 13 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 14 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
§ 15 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act 
and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Cover Pool will be subject to and will benefit from, in respect of Mortgage Loans governed by 
Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool, those provisions of the Slovak Banking Act and any other 
provisions of Slovak law applicable to or relevant for the Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided.] 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language.] 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (in German, Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (the SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, 
the Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
(e) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ termination rights under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(g) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [in a bondholders’ 
meeting][without a physical meeting pursuant to § 18 SchVG]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection 
with § 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set 
out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote 
participating in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 16 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(in German, Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so 
suspended, to another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; 
this shall also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting 
right for the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time 
of voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate 
body, an officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (in German, Gesamtgläubiger); in the 
performance of its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed 
by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited 
to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] 
times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon 
the assertion of claims for compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common 
Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Option III: Terms and Conditions of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (the Issuer) is 
being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date) in bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions 
(the Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Aggregate Principal Amount) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the Exchange 
Date) only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
through such financial institutions) (the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive payments is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and 
private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below). ] 
 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive payments is represented by the Global Note.] 
(4) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear).] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
are individually referred to as an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and, collectively, 
the ICSDs).] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
(6) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
On any redemption or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by 
the Global Note details of such redemption, or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds reflected in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be 
partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical procedure of the 
ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in § 3) relating to a partial 
redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be reflected in the records of 
the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable discretion of the ICSDs 
pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds” shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
[(5)][(6)] Details in respect of subscription and sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are contained in the Base 
Prospectus (see section Subscription and Sale of the Base Prospectus).

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
During their lifetime, there will be no periodic interest payment on the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
[If the default interest on the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] [and the Early 
Redemption Amount] accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield, insert: 
(2) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage 
Covered Bonds for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period (from, and including, the first day of such period to, but 
excluding, the last) divided by the actual number of days in the relevant calendar year.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of 
a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)]) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the Maturity Date) at [If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed at their Specified Denomination, insert: their Specified 
Denomination] [If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed at an amount other than their Specified

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Denomination, insert: [insert amount] per Specified Denomination] (the Redemption Amount). For the 
purpose of § 3(2), § 3(3) and § 9, each Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at its early redemption 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP  (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means [insert Reference Price]; 
AY means [insert Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal]; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction (as defined under § 2). 
 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 11, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this 
§ 3(2) are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event 
the content of such certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds 
redeemed pursuant to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days]and not 
more than [insert maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with § 11, all Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, 
or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the 
Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next such Interest Payment Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)], the Issuer delivers to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this § 3[(2)][(3)] 
are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it 
be responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of 
such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or 
incorrect. Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)] will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] 
([the][each such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer 
will give notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as 
defined in § 4 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to the provisions in 
§ 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] 
[of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal 
Amount] [as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue price]]] 
([4][5]) If the Issuer fails to pay the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] [and the Early 
Redemption Amount] when due, such amount shall bear interest from the due date for redemption or the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, respectively, until the expiry of the day 
preceding the day of the actual redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bonds [in the amount of the default 
rate of interest established by law]17 [in an amount equal to the sum of  
(c) 
[insert Reference Price] (the Reference Price), and 
(d) 
the product of [insert Amortisation Yield in per cent.] (the Amortisation Yield) and the 
Reference Price from (and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become 
due and payable, whereby the Amortisation Yield shall be compounded annually. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined under § 2).] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes  
(a) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
 
17 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if 
at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
(b) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date.] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3(2)), insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3(2) 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)], insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to 
§ 3[(2)][(3)] including any interest accrued until such date of redemption[.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] 
[the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the “[insert first exchange rate]” multiplied by the “[insert second exchange 
rate]”] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert first exchange rate]” means the [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone]) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert second exchange rate]” means [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone]) 
on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the 
Early Redemption Amount], respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant 
currencies quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the 
restriction of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective 
impossibility of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early 
Redemption Amount], respectively.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early Redemption Amount], 
respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (the Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] 
[the Early Redemption Amount], respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and 
published by the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each 
and every reference to the Fixing Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] 
[the Early Redemption Amount], respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (the Replacement 
Exchange Rate) as calculated and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor, as the case may be. In case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every 
reference to the Settlement Rate, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement 
Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a) 
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b) 
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c) 
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the 
calculation of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances 
having a comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement 
Rate is impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch “BGB“).] 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [•] is effected in.] [At least [EUR] [•] [0.001] [•] [per 
Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Payment Date) is not a Banking 
Day then  
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to any payment until the next following Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Banking Day.]

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to interest or other payments in respect of such delay.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, such Payment 
Date and the respective payment will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET applies, insert: TARGET means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (referred to as TARGET or T2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. Payment of interest and principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be made to 
each Mortgage Covered Bondholder that was a Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the close of business 
on the date being 15 Banking Days prior to the relevant payment date (the Entitlement Date). 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law18 [(unless, the 
relevant amount payable is subject to the accrual of interest on the basis of the default rate established 
by law as set out in § [(2)][(3)] above)]. Such accrual of interest starts on the due date of that payment 
(including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert:  
(5) 
Payments on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be made only 
upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the relevant 
participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying 
Agent] (the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the Paying 
Agents) and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to 
§ 11. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
(2) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] 
being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or any additional Paying Agent], the 
Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as 
 
18 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least one 
consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German Central 
Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
additional Paying Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the Principal Paying Agent [or any 
additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 11. 
(3) 
In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent[and the Paying Agent[s]] 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent [and the 
Paying Agent[s]] shall be exempt from the restrictions of § 181 German Civil Code. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
(1) 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable for and bears a burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities 
with respect to (i) a proper withholding of any Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) 
which are required to be withheld or deducted at source under any Tax Jurisdiction’s law from any 
payment of principal, interest or any other amounts payable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
as well as (ii) the granting of any Tax Relief. Accordingly, before any Tax Relief can be granted, the 
Issuer will require – unless waived by the Issuer by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with § 11 
– for the Beneficial Ownership Information to be duly collected and delivered to the Issuer in accordance 
with the Certification Procedures. 
(2) 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will only be made 
after deduction or withholding of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction (the Taxes), to the extent that such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. No additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. 
The Issuer shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government authorities. 
(3) 
Subject to the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner pursuant to § 315 of 
the German Civil Code (BGB) and with not less than 30 days’ notice being given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of any such determination or specification, the Issuer is entitled to make any 
determination or specification (each a Determination), without the consent of the Holders, to any 
provision of this § 6 to reflect: 
(a) 
a change in applicable Czech law or regulation (including any published practice) in respect of 
the Certification Procedures, or any ruling or official interpretation thereof; 
(b) 
a requirement imposed by the Czech tax authorities or another competent authority in respect 
of the Certification Procedures; 
(c) 
a change in the standard market approach in respect of the Certification Procedures; or 
(d) 
a change in any applicable rules or procedures of any party to the implementation of the 
Certification Procedures. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Determination is not to be considered as amending, modifying or 
supplementing any of the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
(4) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
(5) 
As used herein: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner 
(within the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and on Capital meaning of this term) in respect of

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
income paid on such Mortgage Covered Bond or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial 
owner within the above meaning. 
Beneficial Ownership Information means certain information and documentation as set forth under the 
Certification Procedures concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of a recipient 
of a payment of interest or principal in respect of a Mortgage Covered Bond (together with relevant 
evidence thereof) which enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner 
with respect to any such payment and that all conditions for the granting of a Tax Relief, if any, are met. 
Certification Procedures mean the tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic 
implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate collection of the Beneficial 
Ownership Information which are available at the website of the International Capital Market Services 
Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
OECD means Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds become generally subject. 
Tax Relief means a relief from the Withholding Tax or the Tax Security (as the case may be), whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate. 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding 
agent (for example, by an issuer of a note or by a buyer of a note) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the 
relevant income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a 
final tax liability). 
Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by a withholding agent 
(for example, by an issuer of a note) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited 
circumstances, such tax is generally considered as final.  
 
§ 7 
(Status) 
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 15, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as such Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a special 
regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
[The Mortgage Covered Bonds are [“CRR Mortgage Covered Bonds”] [“European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)”] complying with requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using 
the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech 
Bonds Act.] 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each CRR Residential Mortgage Loan, the lower of:

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such CRR 
Residential Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
80 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Residential 
Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such CRR 
Commercial Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
60 per cent. of the Mortgaged Property Value related to such CRR Commercial 
Mortgage Loan; 
(c) 
each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value of and any accrued and unpaid interest relating to such Czech 
Bonds Mortgage Loan; and 
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Czech Bonds Mortgage Loan; 
(d) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued and 
unpaid interest relating thereto; 
(e) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued interest relating thereto; 
(f) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law; and 
(g) 
each Liquid Asset, its outstanding Nominal Value and any accrued interest relating thereto. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 4 June 2020, as amended and 
restated on 22 May 2023, and entered into by and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in 
or conversions to or from euros, TARGET is open for business. 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly 
Date falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Cash means receivables or other assets of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (in Czech, Vyhláška 
České národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the Adjusted Values of all 
Cover Assets. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions (if applicable 
for the particular Cover Asset) to cover the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (including, among other things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a commercial immovable property within the meaning of the CRR. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR in relation to which all the relevant requirements set out in Articles 208 and 229(1) of the CRR 
are fulfilled. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR. 
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan means the CRR Mortgage Loan secured by the Mortgaged Property 
that is a residential property pursuant to Article 4(75) of the CRR.  
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to 
Section 31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Bonds Act PSB’s Receivables means receivables set out in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech 
Bonds Act that also comply with Section 31(8) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage 
covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the 
Czech Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under 
the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), under the Local Bond Programme, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
Dealer means UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. and any other 
dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 October 2023 and entered 
into between the Issuer as issuer, UniCredit Bank AG as arranger and dealer and UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s.as dealer. 
Debts means all debts covered by the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Statutory Tests set out in Section 
28a(1) and (2) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Default means a default in respect of the borrower under the Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of 
the CRR or a failure by the borrower to make any payment in respect of the Mortgage Loan within 90 
days from the date on which it became due and payable. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which a Default occurred and is continuing. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of Section 
C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the Czech 
Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means [30 September 2023]. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 12 October 2023 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Liquid Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register referred to in Section 28aa(3) of 
the Czech Bonds Act. 
Local Bond Programmes means the (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic bond programme of the 
Issuer for the issuance of both (i) mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under 
Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the (second, 
inactive) CZK 20,000,000,000 domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., 
Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds) and an inactive EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme of the Issuer, acting through its branch in Slovakia, for the issuance of (i) mortgage covered 
bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
14 et seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Slovak Bonds Act) and (ii) 
other bonds issued under Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act. 
LTV Ratio means the percentage ratio of the amount of receivables of the Issuer from a Mortgage Loan 
divided by the Mortgaged Property Value of the relevant Mortgaged Property securing such Mortgage 
Loan. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not an Asset Monitor Business Day, 
then the immediately following Asset Monitor Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure such 
Mortgage Loan fulfilling all the relevant conditions set out in Sections 29 and 30 of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including the Czech Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s 
internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. 
Nominal Value means the outstanding principal balance of a Czech Mortgage Covered Bond, Mortgage 
Loans or any other debt or security as the case may be or a sum thereof if the context so requires. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Previous CNB Decree means Decree of the CNB No. 164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, 
Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing certain 
provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB Decree. 
Programme means the €10,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables together with the Czech Bonds Act 
PSB’s Receivables. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Registered Nominal Value means the part of the Nominal Value of a Mortgage Loan registered in the 
Cover Assets Register pursuant to Section 3(2)(g) of the CNB Decree for the purpose of compliance with 
Section 28a of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Asset Monitor Business Day before the relevant 
determination or, (ii) if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech 
Koruna is available, the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the 
relevant currency or currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR 
and subsequently converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or 
EUR exchange rate to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Asset 
Monitor Business Day before the relevant determination. 
Slovak Banking Act means Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
State Subsidy means any subsidy or similar benefit within the meaning of Czech Government 
Regulation No. 249/2002 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Subsidies in relation to Mortgage 
Loans Provided to Persons Under 36 Years of Age, as amended, and Czech Government Regulation No. 
244/1995 Coll., on Conditions of the Provision of Financial Subsidies in relation to Mortgage Loans for 
Housing Development, as amended, or any subsidy or benefits having a similar nature that had been 
introduced into Czech law or Slovak law or may be introduced into Czech law or Slovak law after the 
date of the Base Prospectus; for the avoidance of any doubt, the definition of State Subsidy shall not 
include any tax benefits. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Sections 28a(1), (2) and (3) and 28aa of the Czech Bonds 
Act.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Sections 30 and 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; 
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional Cover Pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the 
Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and reviews 
as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that each 
Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in compliance with 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such substitutions in 
the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). In relation to the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, unless otherwise required by the applicable law, each amount shall be 
calculated (i) if denominated in a currency other than Czech Koruna, in the Czech Koruna equivalent of

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant 
date; and (ii) if denominated in Czech Koruna, in the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in compliance, 
it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the 
Issuer shall not issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover 
Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating agency 
which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value 
of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer 
with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria to (collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or 
entitlement to any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in relation 
to principal or interest; 
(d) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) or the respective land registry in the relevant 
jurisdiction; 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(f) 
the Mortgage Loans are performing and are not Defaulted Loans;  
(g) 
under each Mortgage Loan, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least 
equal to the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds 
such threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan 
exceeding the LTV Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and 
the Contractual Asset Cover Test; 
(j) 
the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a 
maximum LTV ratio of 100 per cent.; 
(k) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer’s employees does not exceed 5 
per cent. of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; 
(l) 
the Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(m) 
the Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 11) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
at all times keep and procure that its Subsidiaries keep, proper books of account; 
(c) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations, in particular, it shall maintain a valid approval of its covered block pursuant to 
Section 30d(3) of the Czech Bonds Act (the Permission for Covered Block); 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time and 
in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply in all 
material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), including, but not limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the 
Cover Assets Register and any other ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Slovak Republic (including, without limitation, the Slovak Banking Act) at such time and in 
such manner as required by such laws and regulations in respect of any Mortgage Loan governed 
by Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(f) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(g) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (f) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (g) and 
paragraph (f) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(h) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(i) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, except 
for: 
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors;

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or  
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.  
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the 
following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant event 
of default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered Bondholder at the time of 
such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall fall 
and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent 
shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Additional Undertakings of the Issuer for the Benefit of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) 
Without prejudice to §9, if any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing:  
(a) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains unremedied for 
the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; Significant Obligations 
means any material obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset 
Monitor Agreement; 
(b) 
for so long as this requirement is stipulated by applicable law, the Issuer does not have the 
Permission for Covered Block; or 
(c) 
a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test with respect to the Cover Pool, 
and if there are any Mortgage Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
§ 11 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert:

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
(1) 
Publication.  
 
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette (in 
German, Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (in German, Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, 
the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (in 
German, Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, insert:
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(www.[insert internet address] [www.luxse.com]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first of such publications).]] 
[(2)] 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET Banking Day, insert: TARGET Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].]

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
§ 12 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 13 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 14 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ 15 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act 
and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Cover Pool will be subject to and will benefit from, in respect of Mortgage Loans governed by 
Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool, those provisions of the Slovak Banking Act and any other 
provisions of Slovak law applicable to or relevant for the Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided.]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German 
language translation is attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language.] 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (in German, Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (the SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, 
the Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ termination rights under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(g) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [in a bondholders’ 
meeting][without a physical meeting pursuant to § 18 SchVG]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection 
with § 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set 
out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote 
participating in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 16 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(in German, Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
suspended, to another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; 
this shall also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting 
right for the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time 
of voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate 
body, an officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (in German, Gesamtgläubiger); in the 
performance of its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed 
by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited 
to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] 
times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon 
the assertion of claims for compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common 
Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
IV. Form of Final Terms  
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
In case of Mortgage Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
Terms used in the final terms below (the Final Terms) shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of 
the [Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set forth in the Base Prospectus (and the Supplements 
thereto, if any)] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set out on pages 59-87 of the 
base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 29 November 2013 in respect of the 
Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds set out on pages 62-90 of the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds dated 28 November 2014 in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] 
[applicable Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set out on pages 62-91 of the base prospectus 
for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 10 January 2017 in respect of the Programme, as incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set out 
on pages 64-93 of the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 29 November 2017 in 
respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] [applicable Terms and Conditions 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set out on pages 140-160 and on pages 161-194 and 195-212 of the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020 in respect of the Programme, as 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds set out on pages 144-168 and on pages 169-204 and 205-243 of the base prospectus for the issuance of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 24 June 2021 in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set out on pages 159-186 
and on pages 187-226 and 227-249 of the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 
September 2022 in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] (the Terms 
and Conditions).  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].[Insert 
further details on target market, client categories etc.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS)[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate [including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.][Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
The Final Terms are divided into a “Part I” and a “Part II”. 
In Part I of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions will be completed and specified by the information 
contained in Part I as follows: 
(a) 
In the case of “Type A” Final Terms, the following applies:  
The completed and specified provisions of the relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions 
represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions). 
(b) 
In the case of “Type B” Final Terms, the following applies:  
The relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to be read 
together with, Part I of these Final Terms represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions). 
Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the relevant set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II and Option III. Capitalised 
terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information was inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions which are not selected and not completed by the information contained in the Final Terms 
shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Part II of the Final Terms contains all other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and Conditions 
and which apply to all Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Final Terms 
dated [●] 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Legal Entity Identifier: KR6LSKV3BTSJRD41IF75 
Issue of [Title of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. [insert information with regard to accrued interest in case of an increase of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds] 
Series number [●] 
Tranche number [●] 
Trade Date: [●] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds] issued on [●])] 
under the 
EUR10,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Mortgage Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 para. 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation), in connection 
with the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval 
of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. In order to get full information, the Final Terms 
are to be read together with the information contained in [(a)] the base prospectus dated 12 October 2023 (the 
Base Prospectus) [and (b) the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus according to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation dated [●] (the Supplements[s])]. 
[These Final Terms are to be read together with the Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020 
in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]19 
[These Final Terms are to be read together with the Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 24 June 2021 
in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]20 
[These Final Terms are to be read together with the Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 September 
2022 in respect of the Programme (as supplemented by the First Supplement dated 3 February 2023 to the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 September 2022 and by the Second Supplement 
 
19  
Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base prospectus for the issuance 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020. 
20  
Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base prospectus for the issuance 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 24 June 2021.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
dated 9 June 2023 to the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 September 2022), 
in each case as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]21 
The aforementioned documents are available on the website www.unicreditbank.cz, section “Debt Investor 
Relations”, sub-section “UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €10 bln Covered Bond 
Programme”. 
Part I 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I to Option III including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders (“Type A” Final 
Terms), the following paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the English language version. [A non-
binding German language translation thereof will be provided together with the English language version.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are set out in the German language version. [A non-binding 
English language translation thereof will be provided together with the German language version.]] 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option III 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020, insert relevant Terms and 
Conditions as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 24 June 2021, insert relevant Terms and 
Conditions as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 September 2022 (as supplemented by the 
First Supplement dated 3 February 2023 to the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds dated 22 September 2022 and by the Second Supplement dated 9 June 2023 to the base prospectus 
for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 September 2022), insert relevant Terms and 
Conditions as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of “Type B” Final Terms, the following table shall be completed in accordance with the 
specifications of the relevant issue of [Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds] [Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds] [Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds]: 
 
§ 1 
Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Issue Date: 
[insert Issue Date] 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro (EUR)] [insert Specified Currency] 
 
21  
Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base prospectus for the 
issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 22 September 2022.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
Label: 
[European Covered Bond] [European Covered Bond 
(Premium)] [CRR]  
[Application of tax gross-up obligation (§ 6): 
[Yes] [No]] 
[Person Related Through Capital exception from a gross-
up obligation 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[Yes][No]] 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Series] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
Specified Denomination: 
[insert Specified Denomination] 
Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
 
 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange 
(TEFRA D) 
 
 
Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C) 
 
 
Permanent Global Note (neither TEFRA D nor 
TEFRA C Rules) 
 
Clearing System: 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
Mergenthalerallee 61  
D-65760 Eschborn 
 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 2 
Interest 
Option I: Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Interest Rate:

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[insert percentage] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[insert percentage] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] up to 
and including the Maturity Date]22 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each month] up to 
and including the Extended Maturity Date / specify 
other]23 
[Interest Payment Dates and relating Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
relating Interest Rate 
[insert Interest Payment 
Dates] 
 
[insert relating Interest 
Rate]]24 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[insert First Interest Payment Date] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) (in 
the case of a first [short][long] coupon): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal Amount 
of [Series][Tranche]) (in the case of a first [short][long] 
coupon): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) (in 
the case of a last [short][long] coupon): 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Final Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal Amount 
of [Series][Tranche]) (in the case of a last [short][long] 
coupon): 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Option II: Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
22 Only applicable for Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
23 Only applicable for Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
24 Only applicable for Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
[Specified Interest Payment Date(s) during the Fixed 
Interest Term: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year]]25 
 
specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
 
specified Interest Period(s): 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]]26 
[First Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating 
Interest Term: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date falling into the 
Floating Interest Term]]27 
[Interest Rate for the Fixed Interest Term: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]28 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal Amount 
of [Series][Tranche]): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]29 
 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to the [Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (Euribor)®] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
[Prague Interbank Offered Rate (Pribor)] 
 
 
Euribor (Brussels time / TARGET Banking 
Day / Interbank market in the Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)] [●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
 
SONIA (London time / London Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of London Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
 
25 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
26 Insert only in the case of a first long/short coupon. 
27 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
28 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
29 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
SOFR (New York time / US Government 
Securities Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of US Government Securities Banking 
Days “p” 
[●] 
 
€STR (Brussels time / TARGET Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of TARGET Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prague time / Prague Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of Prague Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.] 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to a Constant Maturity Swap 
Rate: 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor 
screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
Number of quotations from Reference Banks: 
 
[insert number of quotations] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate]

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [other number of days] [TARGET] 
[London] [other financial centre (specify)] Banking Day 
[prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant 
Interest Period 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to the [Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (Euribor)®] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] [Prague Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] 
 
 
Euribor (Brussels time / TARGET Banking 
Day / Interbank market in the Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)] [●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
 
SONIA (London time / London Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of London Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
 
SOFR (New York time / US Government 
Securities Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of US Government Securities Banking 
Days “p” 
[●] 
 
€STR (Brussels time / TARGET Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of TARGET Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prague time / Prague Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●]

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of Prague Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.] 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to a Constant Maturity Swap 
Rate: 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor 
screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
Number of quotations from Reference Banks: 
 
[insert number of quotations] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [other number of days] [TARGET] 
[London] [other financial centre (specify)] Banking Day 
[prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant 
Interest Period 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
To Maturity Date: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable]

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
 
 
To Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
Day Count Fraction:30 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)31 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] [Fictive Interest Payment Date: [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date]]32 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
30 In the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds, only applicable if default interest on the Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption 
Amount accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield or for the calculation of the Early Redemption Amount. 
31 If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a suitable 
fixed rate Day Count Fraction 
32 Insert in the case of a long/short first/last Calculation Period.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
Actual/360 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis33 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis34 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2000)35 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2006)36 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
§ 3 
Maturity, Redemption Amount[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date] 
Maturity Date: 
[insert maturity date] 
[the Interest Payment Date (as defined above) falling in 
[insert month] of [insert year]] 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable, list all relevant trigger events here] 
[The extended maturity date is [●].] 
[Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
 
Other amount 
[insert amount] per Specified Denomination]37 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Call Date(s): 
[insert Call Date(s)][of each year, commencing on 
[insert date]] 
Right to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Notice period: 
[insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking 
Days][months] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
33 Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
34 Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
35 Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
36 Only applicable in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds and if ISDA 2006 Definitions 
shall be applicable 
37 Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. Such Redemption Amount may not be less than the Specified 
Denomination of the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
Specified Denomination 
 
 
Other amount 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may not 
be lower than the principal amount/issue price]] 
[Accrual of default interest on the Redemption Amount 
[and the Optional Redemption Amount] on the basis 
of:38 
 
 
Amortisation Yield 
Reference Rate: [insert Reference Rate] 
Amortisation Yield: [insert Amortisation Yield] 
 
default interest rate established by law] 
 
Redemption for tax reasons (§ 3(2)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Notice 
period 
for 
condition 
[§ 3(2)] 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default 
[●] 
 
[Amortisation Yield: 
Reference Price: [insert Reference Price] 
Amortisation Yield: [insert Amortisation Yield]]39 
§ 4 
Payments 
Rounding of payable amounts: 
[upwards][always downwards] 
Dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Currency for settlement: 
[insert currency] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] 
[insert other currency] is effected [at the Settlement 
Rate] [●]] 
 
[At least [EUR] [Insert other currency] [0.001] [Insert 
other unit] per [Specified Denomination] [for the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid] 
Settlement Rate: 
[insert] [Calculated on the basis of [first exchange rate] 
(expressed a a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] 
[insert currency]) multiplied by [second exchange rate] 
(expressed a a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] 
[insert currency])] 
First Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
 
38 Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
39 Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
Second Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Rate Calculation Date: 
[insert] [[second] Banking Day before [insert]] 
Bank Working Day: 
[TARGET 2] [[insert financial centre] and [insert 
financial centre]] 
Time: 
[insert] 
Time Zone: 
[insert]] 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention40 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Adjustment: 
[Yes] [No] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centres] 
§ 5 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] 
[insert other Principal Paying Agent] 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[as of [insert date]] [insert additional Paying Agent(s)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] 
[insert other Calculation Agent] 
[Not applicable]] 
§ 11 
Notices 
[Notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:41 
[Yes] [No] 
 
40 Only applicable in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
41 Only applicable if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
Newspaper authorised by the stock exchange 
[insert newspaper authorised by the stock exchange] 
[Not applicable] 
Publication in another authorised newspaper if no longer 
possible: 
[Yes] [No] 
Website: 
[insert name of stock exchange] [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [insert website] [www.luxse.com] [Not 
applicable]] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET] [London] [insert other financial centres] 
§ 15 
Language 
Language of Terms and Conditions: 
 
 
English and German (English binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the German 
language will not be part of these Final Terms.) 
 
 
German and English (German binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the German 
language will not be part of these Final Terms.) 
 
only English] 
 
§ 16 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
Meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders: 
 
 
with a physical meeting 
 
 
without a physical meeting 
 
Limited liability of the common representative of the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders: 
[limited to [insert amount]-times of the annual 
retribution of the common representative] [insert 
amount] [Not applicable]]]

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
Part II 
Material Interest 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in the Base 
Prospectus, if any] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[as set out in the Base Prospectus] [Green Mortgage 
Covered Bonds – specify details in accordance with the 
Sustainability Bond Framework] [Social Mortgage Covered 
Bonds – specify details in accordance with the Sustainability 
Bond Framework][Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds 
– specify details in accordance with the Sustainability Bond 
Framework] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow ECB eligibility 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
ECB eligibility: 
[Yes. Note the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them may then be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]]

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[insert percentage] % per annum.]42 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
cannot be calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Non-Syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
Management Details 
 
Dealer/Management Group: 
[insert name]  
Commissions 
 
[Management/Underwriting Commission:43 
[Not applicable] [specify details]  
[Selling Concession37: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Listing Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Stabilising Manager:  
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Regulated Market 
 
 
EuroMTF 
 
 
Other:  
[●] 
 
42 Only applicable for Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
43 There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
Rating44 
[specify rating] [specify meaning of the rating] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).]  
[The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a 
decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in 
the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Amounts payable under the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR®, which is 
currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [CMS, which is currently provided by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA)] [SONIA®, which is currently provided by the Bank of England] 
[SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [€STR®, which is currently 
provided by the European Central Bank] [PRIBOR, which is currently provided by Czech Financial Benchmark 
Facility s.r.o.] [OTHER, which is currently provided by [insert administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[EMMI] [IBA] [the Bank of England] [the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [Czech Financial Benchmark 
Facility s.r.o.] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation).] 
 
[UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
___________________________________ 
 
[Name]] 
 
 
 
 
 
44 Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Mortgage Covered Bonds, if any.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CZECH AND SLOVAK LEGISLATION RELATING TO 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
1. 
CZECH LEGISLATION 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Czech law governing the 
issuance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), as at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Czech legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds as Czech covered bonds comprises (i) Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act; (ii) the CNB Decree; and (iii) Section 375 as well as some other provisions of the Czech Insolvency 
Act. 
2. 
CZECH COVERED BOND LEGISLATION 
In accordance with Section 28(1) of the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech covered bonds (in Czech, kryté 
dluhopisy) are either (i) bonds; or (ii) similar debt securities representing a right for repayment of an 
owed amount which are issued under and governed by a foreign law. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds represent a sub-category of the Czech covered bonds terms and 
conditions of which stipulate that the aggregate value of (i) issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant 
to Section 31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act (the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans), or (ii) issuer’s 
mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of the CRR (the CRR Mortgage Loans and 
together with the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans as the Mortgage Loans) included in the Cover Pool 
(as defined below) must be equal to at least 85 % of the aggregate value of all the debts covered by the 
relevant Cover Pool. Only the Czech Mortgage Covered Bond may bear the designation “hypoteční 
zástavní list” or any other designation expressing the same meaning in another language (e.g. mortgage 
covered bond) to be recognised as such under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the Czech 
Insolvency Act. Other securities are prohibited from using this designation. 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (as well as other covered bonds) may 
only be issued by a bank with its seat in the Czech Republic which holds a Czech banking licence granted 
by the CNB in accordance with Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the Czech Banking 
Act). Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank is defined as a legal entity which is established as a joint-
stock company that may accept deposits from the public and grant loans in accordance with its banking 
licence. The banking licence may also enumerate other activities which are permitted for the particular 
bank. Save for the Permission for Covered Block (as defined below), no specific licence or authorisation 
is required for the issuance of any Czech covered bonds under Czech law. 
The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and thus the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, 
create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same 
priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer becomes insolvent, claims of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may be 
satisfied either from: (i) the Cover Pool; or (ii) any other (general) assets of the Issuer, subject to specific 
provisions of the Czech insolvency law (see section 11 Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool 
below). 
The Cover Pool is a ring-fenced pool of: (A) assets registered in the cover assets register, identified and 
designated by the Issuer to constitute cover in respect of: (i) the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds that the 
Issuer has either issued or, in the case of multiple existing issues, determined (and which are outstanding, 
i.e. in circulation, which are owned by a person other than the Issuer or which are owned by the Issuer 
and have been provided to another person as a security or collateral); and (ii) certain other debts of the 
Issuer; and (B) also other assets (accessory assets) which belong to that Cover Pool by the operation of 
law, i.e. without the need of their registration to the cover assets register (the Cover Pool). The respective 
Cover Pool is created upon registration of at least one asset satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set 
out in the Czech Bonds Act in a cover assets register, which is maintained separately in respect of each 
Cover Pool (if multiple Cover Pools are created) (the Cover Assets Register). From the moment of

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
registration of an eligible asset in the Cover Assets Register, such an asset becomes a cover asset (the 
Cover Asset) (particular Cover Assets are described in detail in section The Cover Pool – Composition 
of Assets and Statutory Tests) and cannot be transferred, pledged or otherwise used as a security. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer is required to maintain at least one Cover Pool for the benefit 
of all debts that it covers. However, the Issuer may create multiple Cover Pools for the benefit of 
individual or specified multiple issuances or series of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, at its sole 
discretion. If this is the case, the Issuer must also determine which debts are to be covered by each Cover 
Pool, whereas if the Issuer has created only one Cover Pool, such determination is not required. 
Moreover, in case a creditor enforces claims against the Issuer through judicial enforcement pursuant to 
the Civil Procedure Code or through an executor pursuant to the Czech Act No. 120/2001 Coll on Court-
Appointed Distrainers and Distraining Activities, as amended (the Enforcement Code), pursuant to 
Section 267b of the Czech Civil Procedure Code and Section 52 of the Enforcement Code, the Cover 
Assets cannot be used in enforcement to fulfil other debts than those debts which are covered by the same 
Cover Pool. 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the legal title to any Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool continues to 
be held by the Issuer and such assets remain on the balance sheet of the Issuer. However, the Cover 
Assets must not be transferred, mortgaged or otherwise used as security.  
The Issuer must continuously monitor the eligibility of the Cover Assets. The Issuer must remove from 
the Cover Assets Register such Cover Assets which no longer satisfy the legal requirements (eligibility 
criteria) from the Cover Pool and substitute them with other eligible assets to the extent required. 
However, the Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), if and once appointed, has no such duty.  
Pursuant to Section 375 of the Insolvency Act the Cover Pool does not form a part of the insolvency 
estate of the Issuer. This means that the Cover Pool is to be managed separately from the insolvency 
proceedings applicable to an insolvency estate of the Issuer (i.e. on a bankruptcy remote basis) (for 
further details, please see section 11 Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool below). 
In addition, pursuant to Section 337c(1)(c) of the Civil Procedure Code, the receivables under the 
Mortgage Loans, which are included in the Cover Pool covering the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in 
circulation, will be satisfied in priority to any claims of all other creditors of the borrowers of those 
Mortgage Loans and any claims of all other mortgagees in respect of the Mortgaged Property (as defined 
below) securing those Mortgage Loans from the proceeds of the liquidation of the Mortgaged Property 
following only deduction of the costs of the state of the Czech Republic arising in connection with the 
foreclosure auctions and, if applicable, the deduction of the costs relating to the administration of the 
building and the land that are due from the owner of the Mortgaged Property, which is a unit situated 
within that building, up to the amount of one-tenth of the proceeds of the sale of such Mortgaged 
Property. This means that the Issuer’s receivables from the Mortgage Loans will have priority rights with 
respect to any cash flows from any enforcement or foreclosure proceedings in respect of the Mortgaged 
Property securing the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool (up to the amount in which the 
Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Pool) vis-à-vis any other creditors including the Issuer’s 
creditors. 
3. 
COVER ASSETS, LIQUIDITY BUFFER AND STATUTORY COVER TESTS 
Cover Assets 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, only the following types of assets (the Eligible Assets) may be 
registered in the Cover Assets Register: 
(a) 
CRR Mortgage Loans and other assets set out in Articles 129(1) and (2) of the CRR provided 
that the Issuer meets conditions set out in Articles 129(1a)-(3) of the CRR (while any Derivative 
(as defined below) must comply with requirements under point (e) below); 
(b) 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans; 
(c) 
receivables against or guaranteed by a state, regional self-governing unit or an individual or 
legal person performing tasks in the area of public administration (the Public Undertaking) 
provided that the following cumulative conditions are met: (i) the respective Public Undertaking 
provides essential public services on the basis of a licence, a concession pursuant to the Czech 
Act No. 134/2016 Coll., on Public Procurement, as amended or other form of entrustment

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
granted by a public authority; (ii) the respective Public Undertaking is subject to public 
supervision and (iii) the respective Public Undertaking has sufficient revenue generating 
powers, which are ensured by the fact of such Public Undertaking: (A) having adequate 
flexibility to collect and to increase fees, charges and receivables for the service provided in 
order to ensure their financial soundness and solvability; (B) receiving sufficient grants on a 
statutory basis in order to ensure its financial soundness and solvability in exchange for 
providing essential public services; or (C) having entered into a profit and loss transfer 
agreement with a public authority; 
(d) 
exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR provided that the Issuer meets 
conditions set out in Articles 129(1a)-(3) of the CRR (the CRR PSB’s Receivables) and 
together with the assets under subparagraphs (C) also referred to as the PSB’s Receivables and 
Exposures); 
(e) 
cash of the Issuer held on an account kept by a person set out in Section 72(2) of the Act No. 
240/2013 Coll., on Investment Companies and Investment Funds, as amended (the Cash) and 
other Liquid Assets (as defined below); and 
(f) 
rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) 
of Section C of Annex I to MiFID II (the Derivative), provided that the following cumulative 
conditions are met: (i) the purpose of the Derivative is to hedge against the risks related to Cover 
Assets included in the Cover Pool or the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, (ii) from the terms 
under which the derivative contract was concluded, it is clear that it relates to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, (iii) the terms of the Derivative provide that insolvency (in Czech, 
platební neschopnost) of an Issuer or a crisis resolution (in Czech, řešení krize) or similar 
measure in respect of an Issuer does not constitute an event of default or a termination or similar 
event which could lead to early termination of the Derivative; and (iv) the Issuer’s counterparty 
to the Derivative has granted its prior consent with registration of the Derivative in the Cover 
Assets Register and where the Issuer’s counterparty to the Derivative is a financial counterparty 
pursuant to Article 2(8) of Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, it must have been 
assigned at least with a credit quality step 3 (within the meaning of Part Three, Title III, Chapter 
3 of the CRR), and the derivative contract must have been sufficiently documented (while the 
same applies also to removal of the Derivative from the Cover Assets Register). 
The Cover Pool also includes the following assets that are part of the Cover Pool by operation of law 
without a need of their registration in the Cover Assets Register (each being the Accessory Asset): 
(a) 
rights from a security provided in relation to any Cover Asset included in the Cover Pool, rights 
from mortgages over real property in relation to the Mortgage Loans in particular; 
(b) 
rights from agreements entered into in relation to any Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(particularly the rights from any insurance arrangements);  
(c) 
an asset provided (posted) as collateral or other security in respect of the Derivative unless the 
terms and conditions of the respective Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds provide otherwise;  
(d) 
rights from agreements concluded in relation to the administration of the Covered Block (as 
defined below) whose part is the Cover Pool; and  
(e) 
from the moment of appointment of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), cash 
accepted as payment for the repayment of a debt arising from a Cover Asset that is included in 
the Cover Pool or in direct connection with such Cover Asset or funds obtained as a proceeds 
from the Cover Pool Liquidation or Liquidation of Selected Assets (as these terms are defined 
below).

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
Liquidity Buffer 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Cover Pool must at all times include a cover pool liquidity buffer 
(the Liquidity Buffer) composed of the following liquid assets (each being a Liquid Asset) registered 
in the Cover Assets Register: 
(a) 
assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets under Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to liquidity coverage 
for Credit Institutions, that are valued in accordance with that delegated regulation, and are not 
issued by the Issuer, its parent undertaking pursuant to Article 4(1)(15) of the CRR, other than 
a public sector entity that is not a credit institution pursuant to Article 4(1)(1) of the CRR, its 
subsidiary pursuant to Article 4(2)(16) of the CRR or another subsidiary of its parent 
undertaking, or by a securitisation special purpose entity pursuant to Article 2(2) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 
2009/138/EC and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012 with 
which the Issuer has close links pursuant to Article 4(1)(38) of the CRR; or 
(b) 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-
term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance 
with point (c) of Article 129(1) of the CRR. 
According to the Czech Bonds Act, claims from exposures considered in default under Article 178 of the 
CRR cannot contribute to the Liquidity Buffer. 
The Liquidity Buffer must be available at all times in order to cover the maximum cumulative net 
liquidity outflow (i.e. all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and interest 
payments arising under the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and payments under Derivative in the 
Covered Block, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover 
Pool) over a period of 180 days. 
In case the Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements set out in other acts of the European Union that 
result in an overlap with the Liquidity Buffer, the provisions of the Czech Act on Bonds regulating 
Liquidity Buffer do not apply for the period provided for in those acts of the European Union. 
Statutory Cover Tests 
First, the aggregate nominal value of all the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool must represent at 
least 102 % of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool, i.e. resulting in a 
minimum 2% statutory over-collateralisation (the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test). For the 
purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, 1% of the aggregate nominal amount of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds must always be added to the aggregate value of all debts covered by the 
relevant Cover Pool as an expected value of (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined 
below); (ii) a receivable arising out of legal acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the 
benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a receivable of a common representative of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders; and (vi) a receivable of another person specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the 
relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the 
administration of the Covered Block which serves to cover such debts. The terms and conditions of the 
respective Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may set a higher over-collateralisation level. 
Secondly, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the Cover Pool has to represent at least 85 % of the 
aggregate value of the debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool, whereas only the Mortgage Loans may 
be used to fulfil this limit in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Statutory 85 % Test) 
and together with the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test as the Statutory Cover Tests).  
The Issuer must (i) ensure that the Statutory Cover Tests are constantly complied with and (ii) within 25 
days after the end of each calendar quarter inform the CNB on whether and how the Issuer meets its 
duties under Section 28c of the Czech Bonds Act (including, but not limited to, compliance with the 
Statutory Cover Tests and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test (as defined below)). 
Mortgage Loans 
The nominal value of each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan may not exceed 100 % of the value of the 
Mortgaged Property (as described below in section 4 Valuations of the Mortgaged Property) (the

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test). However, this requirement does not operate as a strict 
eligibility criterion. Therefore, to the extent the nominal value of an individual Czech Bonds Act 
Mortgage Loan exceeds such limit (and only to that extent), it is disregarded for the purpose of 
calculating the Statutory Cover Tests. For the CRR Mortgage Loans, specific collateral value tests, as set 
out in the CRR, will apply. 
For a Mortgage Loan to be eligible to be included in the Cover Pool it must be secured by way of a 
legally perfected first ranked mortgage over real property (subject to the exceptions below) (including 
real property under construction) located in the Czech Republic, any other member state of the European 
Union or a member state of the EEA (the Mortgaged Property). A Mortgage Loan becomes eligible to 
be included in the Cover Pool as of the moment when the Issuer learns about the legal effects of the 
creation of the mortgage relating to the Mortgaged Property. The Issuer must have procedures in place 
to monitor that the Mortgaged Property is adequately insured against the risk of damage and that the 
insurance claim forms part of the respective Cover Pool. 
In addition, the following criteria apply to the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool: (i) the Mortgage Loans 
must be granted or legally owned by the Issuer or granted to the Issuer as a financial collateral pursuant 
to the Czech Act No. 408/2010 Coll., on Financial Collateral, as amended; (ii) the Mortgaged Property 
cannot be encumbered by a mortgage or a similar right of security of a third party, which would rank 
pari passu or in priority to the mortgage securing the repayment of the Mortgage Loans included in the 
Cover Assets Register; and (iii) a transfer of any Mortgaged Property securing the Mortgage Loan cannot 
be restricted by previously created disposals prohibition, provided that the Mortgaged Property is not 
considered to be subject to a prior ranking security interest or disposal prohibition if they cease to exist 
as a result of repayment of the obligations secured by them from the proceeds of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan. If the criteria under paragraphs (ii) and (iii) are not fulfilled, the nominal value of such Mortgage 
Loan shall be for the purpose of calculating the Statutory Cover Tests equal to zero. 
In the case of a borrower’s default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR (or based on a fulfilment of stricter 
conditions set out in the relevant terms and conditions), the nominal value of the Cover Assets included 
in the Cover Pool is for the purpose of both Statutory Cover Tests decreased by 100 %. 
Additionally, Section 28c of the Czech Bonds Act stipulates that an issuer of covered bonds that bear the 
designation “CRR” or “evropský krytý dluhopis (prémiový) (in English, “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” or its translation in official language in the European Union in their title must ensure that 
the covered bonds fulfil criteria pursuant to Article 129 of the CRR. Only those covered bonds that fulfil 
the criteria of Article 129 of the CRR may bear the designation “CRR” or “evropský krytý dluhopis 
(prémiový) (in English, “European Covered Bond (Premium)” or its translation in official language in 
the European Union in their title. 
4. 
VALUATIONS OF THE MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
The Issuer must determine the value of the Mortgaged Property (the Mortgaged Property Value) and 
issue guidelines for these valuations in the form of its internal rules (the Valuation Guidelines) while 
respecting the principles set out below. Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the value of the Mortgaged 
Property is determined by the Issuer either as open market value (in Czech, cena obvyklá) or as market 
value (in Czech, tržní hodnota) in accordance with the Czech Act No. 151/1997 Coll., as amended (the 
Property Valuation Act), and with special regard to: (i) characteristics of the Mortgaged Property which 
are sustainable on a permanent and a long-term basis; (ii) income achievable by a third party while 
administering the Mortgaged Property with due care; (iii) rights and encumbrances attached to the 
Mortgaged Property; and (iv) conditions prevailing on the local real property market and anticipated 
development of that market. These conditions are similar, yet not identical to those set out in Article 4, 
point 74 of the CRR. 
The value of the Mortgaged Property must be determined by a person who possesses the necessary 
qualifications, ability and experience and who is independent from the credit decision process. During 
the valuation process such person must not take into account speculative elements and must document 
the value of the Mortgaged Property in a transparent and clear manner. 
5. 
VALUATIONS OF THE COVER ASSETS 
The value of the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool is, for the purpose of calculating the Statutory 
Cover Tests, expressed in their nominal value, while the value of the Derivatives is by default expressed 
in their real value in accordance with the international accounting standards governed by the Regulation

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
No. 1126/2008 of the European Commission, adopting certain accounting standards in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended.  
Any Cover Asset the value of which, for the purpose of determining compliance with the Statutory Cover 
Tests, is zero nevertheless remains part of the Cover Pool until such asset is removed (deregistered) from 
the Cover Assets Register. 
6. 
COVERED BLOCK AND ITS MANAGEMENT 
Covered Block 
With the creation of one or more Cover Pools, the Issuer also creates one or more covered blocks, which 
are fully segregated and ring-fenced blocks of assets and liabilities (debts) of the Issuer (the Covered 
Block). The Covered Block constitutes the Cover Pool and the debts that it covers.  
A Cover Pool covers both the debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Covered Bonds 
Debts) that it covers and the debts related to those Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which may be 
determined in the relevant terms and conditions or the prospectus of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
or in an agreement relating to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, particularly of the following type: (i) 
a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below); (ii) a receivable arising out of legal 
acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a receivable of 
a common representative of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders; (iv) a receivable of counterparty 
of the Derivative arising under the Derivative or in direct connection with it (provided the relevant 
Derivative is registered in the Cover Assets Register); and (v) a receivable of another person specified in 
the relevant terms and conditions or the relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the Covered Block which serves to cover such 
debts (the Accessory Debts). 
Permission for Covered Block 
No later than on the date of issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and throughout the period of 
the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer must possess a permission for Covered 
Block (in Czech, povolení pro krytý blok) (the Permission for Covered Block). The Permission for 
Covered Block is granted by the CNB if the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
a programme of operations defines and covers the issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
policies, processes and methodologies for the approval, amendment, renewal and refinancing 
of loans or other assets included in the Cover Pool sufficiently ensure investor protection; 
(c) 
there is a management and staff dedicated to the Covered Block which have adequate 
qualifications and knowledge regarding the issue of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and its 
administration; 
(d) 
an administrative set-up of the Cover Pool and the monitoring thereof meets the applicable 
requirements laid down under the Czech Bonds Act; and 
(e) 
terms and conditions of the relevant issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds are in 
compliance with the requirements laid down under the Czech Bonds Act. 
The CNB may revoke the Permission for Covered Block if: 
(a) 
it has been issued based on false, misleading or incomplete information; 
(b) 
the conditions for granting the Permission for Covered Block are no longer met; or 
(c) 
the Issuer repeatedly or materially breached its duties under the Czech Bonds Act. 
Covered Block Records 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must maintain records of Covered Blocks with 
respect to (i) each of its Cover Pools; and (ii) each issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Covered Block Records). The Covered Block Records must provide complete 
information for assessing whether and how the Issuer fulfils its obligations under the Czech Bonds Act

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
and the CNB Decree (i.e., the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover Tests). Upon 
the appointment of the Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), the obligation to maintain the 
Covered Block Records shifts (to the full extent) from the Issuer to the Covered Block Administrator. 
Further details and requirements relating to maintaining of the Covered Block Records are set out in the 
CNB Decree. 
The Covered Block Records consist of (i) the Cover Assets Register; (ii) the records of the Accessory 
Assets (the Accessory Assets Records); (iii) the records of debts from Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Debts Records); and (iv) the records of Accessory Debts and debts related to assets 
under paragraphs (i) and (ii) (the Accessory Debts Records) each of them kept separately for each 
Covered Block that the Issuer has created. 
The Covered Block Records are not publicly available (i.e. Covered Block Records are not public 
registers) and the details contained therein are subject to banking secrecy rules set out in the Czech 
Banking Act. 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Covered Block Records must contain: (i) the list of the Covered Blocks; 
and (ii) comprehensive information about each of the Covered Blocks, including: (A) identification of 
the Covered Block itself; (B) the type of the Czech covered bonds; (C) information on whether the 
Covered Block includes Czech covered bonds which bear the “CRR” compliance designation in their 
names; (D) higher limits going above the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover 
Tests (if applicable under the terms and conditions of the relevant issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds); (E) identification of the currency in which the Covered Block Records are maintained; (F) the 
aggregate value of Covered Bonds Debts; (G) the aggregate value of the Accessory Debts; (H) the 
aggregate value of the Cover Assets for the purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test; and (I) 
the aggregate value of the Cover Assets for the purposes of the Statutory 85 % Test. 
The Issuer must maintain the Covered Block Records in an electronic format enabling it to track and 
reproduce all the past entries and changes and keep the Covered Block Records up to date. The Covered 
Block Records are maintained based on documentation that justifies the inclusion of each particular asset 
or debt in the Covered Block. Such documentation would mainly include a loan agreement relating to 
the Mortgage Loan (including its amendments), documentation relating to the Mortgaged Property 
including the relevant security agreements, an up-to-date extract from the cadastral register of real 
property, the Mortgaged Property Value, the Valuation Guidelines and other documentation relating to 
each asset included in the Cover Pool and each issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
For conversion of any financial information contained in the Covered Block Records, the foreign 
exchange rate published by the CNB on the date of the conversion will be used. If no such exchange rate 
is available for the currency or currencies in question, the conversion in accordance with the Czech Act 
No. 563/1991 Coll., on Accounting, as amended, will be used. Employees of the department keeping the 
Covered Block Records must be provided with up-to-date, reliable and complete information in order to 
decide on including items into or removing items from the Covered Block Records or undertaking other 
activities related to the duties under the CNB Decree. 
Cover Assets Register 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Cover Assets Register must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Assets Register: (i) the identification of the relevant 
Mortgage Loan; (ii) the type of the relevant Cover Asset based on categorisation as provided for in Article 
129(1) of the CRR or in the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) information whether the relevant debtor is in default 
pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; (iv) the identification of currency in which the relevant Mortgage 
Loan was concluded; (v) the mortgage lending value of the Mortgaged Property; (vi) the nominal value 
of the Mortgage Loan receivable; and (vii) the nominal value of the Mortgage Loan receivable for the 
purposes of calculating the Statutory Cover Tests and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test. 
In relation to the Cover Assets other than the Mortgage Loans, the Cover Assets Register must contain 
at least: (i) identification of the relevant Cover Asset; (ii) determination of the type of such Cover Asset 
based on categorisation as provided for in Article 129(1) of the CRR or the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) 
information whether the debtor is in default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; (iv) type, trade date, 
effective date of a Derivative and name of the derivative counterparty, (v) currency or currencies in which 
the Cover Asset was entered into; (vi) value of the Cover Asset (or positive real value of the Derivative); 
and (vii) the value of the Cover Asset for the purpose of calculating of the Statutory Cover Tests and the 
Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
Accessory Assets Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Accessory Assets Records must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Accessory Asset: (i) the identification of the relevant Accessory Asset; (ii) the 
identification of the relevant contract(s) relating to the Accessory Asset; (iii) the identification of the 
Derivative’s security; (iv) indication as to whether it is possible to use the security for the purposes of 
the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test; (v) currency/currencies in which the Accessory Asset was 
arranged; and (vi) real value of the security pursuant to paragraph (iii) in the currency in which the 
Accessory Assets Records are being kept. 
Debts Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Debts Records must contain at least the following details in relation to 
each issue: (i) the identification of the relevant issue; (ii) the issue date; (iii) the maturity date of the issue; 
(iv) the currency or currencies in which the debt was concluded; (v) the nominal value of the outstanding 
issue; (vi) the value of the accrued proceeds from the issue in the currency in which the Debts Record is 
kept; and (vii) the nominal value of the unissued part of the issue if it serves for the identification of the 
debts for which the relevant Cover Pool serves as a cover in the currency in which the Debts Record is 
kept.  
Accessory Debts Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Accessory Debts Records must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Accessory Debt included in the Accessory Debts Records: (i) the identification of the 
respective Accessory Debt; (ii) the identification of the type of the Accessory Debt; (iii) the currency or 
currencies in which the respective Accessory Debt was concluded; and (iv) the nominal value of the 
Accessory Debt in the currency in which the Accessory Debts Records are kept; save for the case of an 
Accessory Debt arising from a Derivative in which case the value of debt is recorded as a negative real 
value of such a Derivative. 
7. 
EXTENDABLE MATURITY STRUCTURES 
Subject to meeting certain requirements stipulated thereunder, the Czech Bonds Act allows for the 
issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds which provides for the possibility of extending their 
scheduled maturity for a pre-determined period of time in the event that a specific trigger event occurs 
(the Extendable Maturity Structures). 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued with the Extendable 
Maturity Structures, if the investor protection is ensured by at least the following: 
(a) 
the maturity of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended only in case the following 
trigger events occur as at their maturity date or as at another date specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the Issuer or the Covered Block Administrator does not repay all the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds of a particular series in due time; 
(ii) 
any of the Triggers for the Appointment of the Covered Block Administrator (as 
defined below) occurs; 
(iii) 
a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize) has been imposed in 
respect of the Issuer or a write-down or conversion of eligible liabilities or intragroup 
eligible liabilities pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act has taken place; 
(iv) 
an event pursuant to Article 54(1)(a)(i) or (ii) of the CRR occurs; or 
(v) 
the Issuer does not the meet the requirement for the Liquidity Buffer or would not, as 
a result of a repayment of the relevant Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, meet the 
liquidity requirements pursuant to the directly applicable EU act (the Maturity 
Extension Triggers); 
(b) 
the information provided to investors about the maturity structure is sufficient to enable them 
to determine the risk of the Czech Mortgage Bonds, and includes a detailed description of:

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
(i) 
the Maturity Extension Triggers; 
(ii) 
the consequences for a maturity extension of the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer; 
and 
(iii) 
the role of the CNB and the Covered Block Administrator with regard to the maturity 
extension; and 
(c) 
the final maturity date of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds is at all times determinable. 
In the event of the insolvency or resolution of the Issuer, maturity extensions do not affect the ranking of 
investors in the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or invert the sequencing of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds original maturity schedule. 
The Issuer or the Covered Block Administrator must, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, notify the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders about the maturity 
extension taking place in the manner and within the time period stipulated under the terms and conditions 
of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The maturity extension does not change the structural features of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and of the Covered Block. 
8. 
INVESTOR INFORMATION 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must provide information about its Covered Block that is 
sufficiently detailed to allow investors to assess the profile and risks of the Covered Block and to carry 
out their due diligence. 
The information must be provided via the Issuer´s websites at least on a quarterly basis and must include 
at least the following minimum information: 
(a) 
the value of the Cover Pool and outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
a list of the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) for all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under that Covered Block to which an ISIN has been attributed 
(c) 
the geographical distribution and type of Cover Assets, their loan size and valuation method; 
(d) 
details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit and 
liquidity risks; 
(e) 
the maturity structure of Cover Assets and Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, including an 
overview of the Maturity Extension Triggers, if applicable 
(f) 
the levels of required and available coverage, and the levels of statutory, contractual and 
voluntary overcollateralisation; and 
(g) 
the percentage of loans where a default is considered to have occurred pursuant to Article 178 
of the CRR and in any case where the loans are more than 90 days past due. 
9. 
CONSEQUENCES OF CERTAIN ISSUER’S SHORTCOMINGS 
Czech Banking Act 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CNB may take certain steps or actions against or impose certain 
measures upon the Issuer, being a bank with its seat in the Czech Republic and holding a Czech banking 
licence (a Czech Bank), provided that the CNB finds “shortcomings in the activities” of the Issuer (the 
Shortcomings). The CNB may only take such steps or actions or impose measures for so long as the 
Issuer holds its banking licence (i.e. before its banking licence has been revoked by the CNB) and until 
insolvency proceedings under the Czech Insolvency Act have been commenced against the Issuer. 
The Czech Banking Act contains a list of the Shortcomings, which includes, in particular, the violation 
or breach of obligations or terms set out in (i) the Czech Banking Act; (ii) a legal act implementing the

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
Czech Banking Act; (iii) a measure of general nature issued pursuant to the Czech Banking Act (in Czech, 
opatření obecné povahy); (iv) a decision issued pursuant to the Czech Banking Act (in Czech, 
rozhodnutí); (v) the directly applicable legal act of the European Union (in Czech, přímo použitelný 
právní předpis Evropské unie) regulating prudential requirements; or (vi) the Issuer’s banking licence or 
such other breach discovered during an inspection or official review of the Issuer. Therefore, for instance, 
failure by the Issuer to comply with the applicable Statutory Cover Tests (as set out in section The Cover 
Pool – Composition of Assets and Statutory Tests above), may lead to the CNB taking steps or actions 
against, or imposing measures, upon the Issuer. 
Upon the discovery of the Shortcoming, and depending on the nature and gravity of that Shortcoming, 
the CNB may impose certain remedial measures on the Issuer (each a Measure), including but not limited 
to: (a) requiring the Issuer to suspend or terminate certain trades which would represent a risk for the 
Issuer; (b) requiring the Issuer to limit its distribution network; (c) requiring the Issuer to replace a 
member of its Board of Directors or its supervisory board (the Supervisory Board); (d) requiring the 
Issuer to decrease its shareholding in another entity or to transfer its shareholding in that entity or to 
otherwise limit the risks associated with its shareholding in that entity; (e) amending the Issuer’s banking 
licence by excluding or restricting some banking activities stated therein; (f) ordering an extraordinary 
audit of the Issuer; or (g) restricting or prohibiting certain activities of the Issuer with persons who are 
closely associated with the Issuer (in Czech, osoby, které jsou spjaty úzkým propojením s bankou) or 
persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or persons with special relations to the Issuer (in 
Czech, osoby se zvláštním vztahem k bance). Section 19 of the Czech Banking Act defines persons with 
special relations to the Issuer as, among others: (i) members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer; (ii) 
members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer; (iii) persons controlling the Issuer, shareholders who 
have a qualified holding in such controlling persons and management of these two; (iv) persons closely 
associated with a member of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Board and board of non-executive 
directors, members of the audit, risk, appointment and remuneration committee or a person controlling 
the Issuer; (v) an entity in which a person mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above has a qualified 
holding; (vi) a person with a qualified holding in the Issuer and any person controlled by them; (vii) a 
member of the banking council of the CNB; and (viii) entities controlled by the Issuer (the Connected 
Persons). 
In case of continuing serious Shortcomings of the Issuer, the CNB may revoke its banking licence. The 
Issuer’s banking licence may also be revoked by the CNB in other cases specified in the Czech Banking 
Act, including insolvency of the Issuer or a decision finding that the Issuer seriously breached its 
obligations under laws preventing money laundering and financing of terrorism. 
Czech Bonds Act 
If the Issuer, as the issuer of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, breaches obligations placed on him 
under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB may (i) impose remedial measure requiring the Issuer to remove 
the relevant identified shortcomings, (ii) restrict or limit the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or (iii) issue a public statement on the nature of the breach which indicate the identity of the natural 
or legal person (each a Czech Bonds Act Measure). 
Fulfilment of the Czech Bonds Act Measure may be enforced by the CNB by means of imposing a 
coercive fine up to CZK 5,000,000. Such penalty may be imposed repeatedly. 
10. 
CZECH RESOLUTION AND RECOVERY ACT 
As long as the Issuer, being a Czech Bank, holds its banking licence issued by the CNB, the Czech 
Insolvency Act does not generally apply to it. However, the Issuer, as a Czech bank, is subject to the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which came into effect on 1 January 2016. The Czech Resolution 
and Recovery Act implements the BRRD into Czech law, which seeks to establish a common framework 
for the orderly recovery and resolution of failing (or likely to fail) credit institutions and investment firms 
within the European Union (as well as of entities within their group if deemed relevant).  
Responsibility for the operation of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act rests almost exclusively with 
the CNB as the competent resolution authority while the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic holds 
some joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the governmental stabilisation tools 
(including the temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a Czech Bank such as the 
Issuer.  
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to a Czech 
Bank (such as the Issuer) and distinguishes between two basic sets of measures and tools. These measures

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
and tools are crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis resolution 
measures (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also deals with 
certain other matters.  
The crisis prevention measures represent, for the most part, early intervention measures and as such can 
be described as pre-resolution measures or tools. Their main goal is to remedy potential Shortcomings 
of, among others, Czech Banks such as the Issuer, including by virtue of breaches or series of breaches 
of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or the Czech Banking Act (including various deficiencies or 
impediments to recoverability of the Issuer) and prevent such Shortcomings, which may result from a 
rapid deterioration of their financial condition, and in turn, prevent the spread of financial problems 
among Czech Banks (including the Issuer) and other entities subject to the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act. Accordingly, the CNB may, among other things, gradually (i) impose specific 
administration measures on the Issuer in order to remedy the Shortcomings or breaches and/or address 
or remove deficiencies or impediments to recoverability (these measures broadly correspond to those set 
out in Article 27 of the BRRD as implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act); (ii) remove 
the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and make the appointment of new members of the Board 
of Directors conditional upon the CNB’s prior consent; or (iii) impose temporary administration of the 
Issuer by virtue of the appointment of one or more temporary administrators (who would be appointed 
by the CNB in order to facilitate the functions of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and senior management 
while the temporary administration may last for up to 12 months, unless extended by the CNB). 
The primary effect of temporary administration is that a temporary administrator with adequate 
qualification and capabilities is appointed by the CNB to help manage and run the Issuer. The precise 
function and powers of the temporary administrator under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act are 
specified by the CNB at the time of appointment and can include various investigatory and management 
consultation powers, granting prior approvals to decisions of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and senior 
management or powers to actually manage the Issuer whereby the exercise of the powers by the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors and senior management (but not those by the general or shareholders’ meeting) is 
suspended (fully or in part) and the temporary administrator, appointed by the CNB, takes over their 
functions. 
The general conditions to the exercise of crisis resolution measures set out in the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act require that: (i) the Issuer is failing; (ii) having regard to all circumstances, there is no 
reasonable prospect that any other measure would prevent the failure of the Issuer; and (iii) the resolution 
action is necessary in the public interest. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the Issuer is 
deemed to be failing when (i) it meets the conditions for the withdrawal of its banking licence, 
particularly due to a loss that causes or may cause significant decrease in the amount of its capital; (ii) 
its liabilities exceed the value of its assets; (iii) it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or (iv) it 
requires extraordinary public support (except in limited circumstances). Should the Issuer be failing, its 
Board of Directors must notify the CNB. Crisis resolution measures are in the public interest if it is 
necessary and one or more of the resolution objectives would not be met to the same extent by the 
winding-up or insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer. 
The relevant provisions of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act contain further specific conditions 
for various individual crisis resolution measures such as a transfer to a private sector purchaser, a bridge 
institution or an asset management entity or applying government stabilisation tools (including a transfer 
to temporary public ownership (nationalisation)). 
In the case of a special management for crisis resolution, either the CNB through one or more of its 
employees directly or a special manager (or administrator) appointed by the CNB takes over, and the 
authority of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and supreme body (i.e. shareholders’ meeting) is 
automatically fully suspended. As a result, the relevant bodies of the Issuer (and their powers) are 
replaced with the CNB or the special manager for crisis resolution. The special management for crisis 
resolution may last for up to 12 months, unless extended by the CNB.  
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act further provides for the following crisis resolution measures: 
(i) a transfer of the shares of the Issuer or assets or liabilities of the Issuer or part thereof to a private 
sector purchaser (the sale of business tool); (ii) a transfer of the shares of the Issuer or assets or liabilities 
of the Issuer or part thereof to a bridge institution that is wholly or partially owned (directly or indirectly) 
and controlled by the Czech Republic (the bridge institution tool); (iii) a transfer of all or part of the 
assets or liabilities of the Issuer to an asset management entity owned (directly or indirectly) and 
controlled by the Czech Republic (the asset separation tool); (iv) a write-down of certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or conversion of certain unsecured debt claims (eligible

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
liabilities) to equity (the bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future write-down; and 
(v) a government stabilisation tool including public equity support and a temporary stabilisation 
comprising a transfer to temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of the Issuer. These 
crisis resolution measures are achieved through the exercise of one or more “crisis resolution powers” 
detailed in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which enable share transfers, property transfers, bail-
in of capital instruments and eligible liabilities and recognition of the effect of a third country special 
resolution action taken under the laws of a country outside the EEA. 
The CNB further has certain wide powers pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act including, 
in certain circumstances, powers to unilaterally cancel a contract or modify contractual arrangements or 
transfer all rights and obligations under a contract as well as some other ancillary resolution powers in 
order to enable the crisis resolution measures under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act to be used 
effectively. As regards these resolution powers to unilaterally cancel a contract or modify contractual 
arrangements or transfer all rights and obligations under a contract (which would include the Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, any agreements or contracts entered into in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and rights and obligations under the same), the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act contains specific safeguards in respect of certain “protected rights and liabilities”.  
Similarly, with respect to share and property transfers, and most notably partial property transfers, which 
could be used by the CNB in applying any of the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool or the 
asset separation tool, the concern is that the CNB could use such power to “cherry-pick” certain rights 
and obligations in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or any Cover Pool or otherwise interfere with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or rights and obligations under the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Accordingly, the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for various 
protections from the effect of partial property transfers. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
a transfer or passage of property, rights and liabilities under legal arrangements or relationships that 
qualify as “protected rights and liabilities”, may not provide for the transfer or passage of only some, but 
not all such “protected rights and liabilities”. The “protected rights and liabilities” under legal 
arrangements or relationships under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in turn comprise, 
irrespective of their number of parties, governing law and contractual or statutory basis, among other 
things, covered bonds as well as structured finance arrangements, including securitisations and 
instruments used for hedging which form an integral part of any Cover Pool and which are secured in a 
way similar to the covered bonds. 
The relevant safeguards contained in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provide that a partial 
property transfer may not provide for the transfer of only some, but not all, of the “protected rights and 
liabilities” under the Czech covered bonds, which technically means that the CNB must not (i) decide on 
the transfer or passage of any Cover Asset in any Cover Pool without the simultaneous passage of the 
Czech covered bonds; or (ii) decide on the transfer or passage of any Czech covered bonds without the 
simultaneous passage of the benefit of the Cover Assets in any Cover Pool.  
The bail-in tool represents one of the crisis resolution measures under the Czech Resolution and Recovery 
Act. In this process, losses are imposed on some of the Issuer’s direct stakeholders by either a write-
down of their claims or by their conversion to equity. The purpose of the bail-in tool is to offset losses 
and/or recapitalise all or a part of the Issuer or its successor entity. This tool is exercised by the CNB 
through a write down of certain claims of unsecured creditors of the Issuer and/or conversion of certain 
unsecured debt claims (eligible liabilities) to equity, which equity (i.e. capital instruments which may 
take the form of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments) could also be subject to any future write-down. The 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act stipulates certain specific conditions to exercise of the bail-in tool, 
which the CNB will be obliged to observe. The effect of exercise of the bail-in tool by the CNB is broadly 
that (i) the nominal value or the amount of principal of an eligible liability owed by the Issuer is 
permanently decreased as a result of the partial write-down or partial conversion to equity; or (ii) an 
eligible liability owed by the Issuer is cancelled altogether as a result of the full write-down or cancelled 
and modified as a result of full conversion to equity.  
The scope of eligible liabilities (which can be subject to the bail-in tool) includes all liabilities of the 
Issuer, unless such liabilities are explicitly excluded. In line with the BRRD, the rules explicitly exclude 
from the scope of eligible liabilities, among other things, any liabilities owed by the Issuer under covered 
bonds up to the value of all assets that are included in the relevant Cover Pool. On the basis of the Czech 
Resolution and Recovery Act, therefore, the exercise by the CNB of the bail-in tool in relation to the 
Issuer could only affect any liabilities owed by the Issuer under the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the 
extent that they are not covered and exceed the values of assets included in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
Finally, the application of any of crisis prevention measures and crisis resolution measures under the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act does not per se trigger any segregation or ring-fencing of the assets 
in any Cover Pool from the rest of the Issuer’s assets.  
11. 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER AND THE COVER POOL 
The Czech Insolvency Act does not apply to the Issuer, being a Czech Bank, for so long as it holds its 
banking licence. The Issuer’s banking licence may only be revoked by the CNB if there are significant 
Shortcomings (see section 9 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings above) and in certain other 
cases specified by the Czech Banking Act. The application of crisis resolution measurers (as described 
above in section 10 Czech Resolution and Recovery Act above) may but does not have to precede the 
revocation of the Issuer’s banking licence. The Czech Insolvency Act distinguishes between: 
(a) 
Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings (as defined below) (in Czech, zahájení 
insolvenčního řízení) against the Issuer; 
(b) 
declaration of insolvency (in Czech, rozhodnutí o úpadku) (the Declaration of Insolvency); 
and 
(c) 
declaration of bankruptcy (in Czech, rozhodnutí o prohlášení konkursu) (the Declaration of 
Bankruptcy). 
The Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings means only the commencement of the court 
proceedings ascertaining whether insolvency (in Czech, úpadek) or threatened insolvency (in Czech, 
hrozící úpadek) of the Issuer exists. The occurrence of these proceedings does not automatically lead to 
the Declaration of Insolvency or the Declaration of Bankruptcy. 
The insolvency proceedings are commenced by an insolvency petition (in Czech, insolvenční návrh) 
which may be filed by the Issuer itself, a creditor of the Issuer or the CNB. After the Commencement of 
Insolvency Proceedings, the insolvency court would examine whether the Issuer is insolvent, and if the 
court finds so, it would declare the Issuer insolvent. 
As of the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, the Czech Insolvency Act imposes specific 
restrictions on the Issuer as well as on the Issuer’s creditors to protect the general insolvency estate (in 
Czech, majetková podstata) (the General Insolvency Estate). Specifically, as of the moment of 
publication of an insolvency petition and unless the insolvency court rules otherwise, the Issuer is obliged 
to refrain from any dispositions with the assets that form part of the General Insolvency Estate and those 
assets which may potentially belong there, provided that such dispositions would cause significant 
changes in the composition, usage or determination of these assets or a reduction, other than negligible 
reduction, of these assets. Also, the Issuer’s monetary obligations which arose before the Commencement 
of Insolvency Proceedings can only be performed by the Issuer to the extent permitted under the terms 
of the Czech Insolvency Act. All the Issuer’s actions contradicting these limitations are ineffective vis-
à-vis its creditors, unless taken with the prior consent of the insolvency court. These restrictions do not 
apply, in particular, to the Issuer’s actions necessary for (i) the performance of the obligations stipulated 
by special regulation; (ii) operating its business within the ordinary course of business; (iii) diversion of 
imminent damage; (iv) the performance of procedural sanctions; and (v) the performance of receivables 
against the General Insolvency Estate (in Czech, pohledávky za majetkovou podstatou) and receivables 
set at the same level as receivables against the General Insolvency Estate (in Czech, pohledávky 
postavené na roveň pohledávkám za majetkovou podstatou).  
If the insolvency court finds it necessary for the protection of the General Insolvency Estate, it may, at 
its discretion, for the period from the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings until the Declaration 
of Bankruptcy, issue a preliminary injunction prohibiting the Issuer from making dispositions with the 
assets in the General Insolvency Estate or by making such dispositions subject to the approval of the 
preliminary insolvency administrator’s (in Czech, předběžný správce), who is appointed by the 
insolvency court (the Preliminary Injunction). The insolvency court may further order the Issuer’s 
debtors to perform their obligations to the preliminary insolvency administrator rather than to the Issuer. 
For a Czech Bank as the Issuer there is only one available method of resolving insolvency, which is 
bankruptcy (in Czech, konkurs). The insolvency court would always decide simultaneously on the 
Declaration of Insolvency to confirm the state of affairs (i.e. that the Issuer is insolvent) and on the 
Declaration of Bankruptcy to decide on the method to resolve the insolvency. The outcome of bankruptcy 
would be that all the Issuer’s assets would be liquidated and the Issuer wound up. As of the moment of

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
the Declaration of Bankruptcy, among other things, the Issuer’s right to dispositions with the General 
Insolvency Estate is transferred to the court appointed insolvency administrator (in Czech, insolvenční 
správce) (the Insolvency Administrator) and any subsequent legal acts of the Issuer are ineffective vis-
à-vis its creditors. As of the publication of the Declaration of Bankruptcy, the liquidation of the Issuer 
would be interrupted and any preliminary injunctions (including Preliminary Injunctions) issued so far 
(unless the insolvency court decides otherwise) cease to apply. 
If the insolvency proceedings are initiated in respect of the Issuer, the proceedings are limited to the 
General Insolvency Estate. The Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings does not cause the 
obligations and debts in respect of the Covered Block to become due and payable.  
The Covered Blocks in the Issuer’s insolvency and in certain other cases 
Section 375(3) of the Czech Insolvency Act provides that neither the Commencement of Insolvency 
Proceedings nor the Declaration of Insolvency and the Declaration of Bankruptcy shall affect the Issuer’s 
Covered Blocks in any way. Further, the Czech Insolvency Act explicitly provides that the Cover Pool 
created in accordance with the provisions of the Czech Bonds Act is not a part of the Issuer’s General 
Insolvency Estate. Therefore, all of the assets in the Cover Pool remain ring-fenced and thus segregated 
from any other assets of the Issuer which fall within the Issuer’s General Insolvency Estate. If an asset 
is removed from the Cover Assets Register, it is no longer protected and becomes a part of the Issuer’s 
insolvency estate. 
Section 32a of the Czech Bonds Act provides that, without undue delay after (i) the CNB has filed an 
insolvency petition seeking the Declaration of Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the 
Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer has entered into liquidation or (iv) the CNB has revoked the 
Issuer’s banking licence (the Triggers for the Appointment of the Covered Block Administrator), 
the CNB appoints an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých bloků) 
(the Covered Block Administrator). 
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator manages all the Covered Blocks of the Issuer. 
The administration of the Covered Blocks by the Covered Block Administrator ends after (i) Transfer of 
the Covered Block (as defined below) or (ii) the Cover Pool Liquidation (as defined below) has been 
completed. In order to ensure the proper management of the Covered Block, only (i) another Czech bank 
or (ii) a bank having its seat in another EU or EEA member state that issues securities comparable to 
Czech covered bonds or manages assets that are comparable to the Cover Assets (the Eligible Entity) 
may be appointed as the Covered Block Administrator by the CNB. The Czech Bonds Act also ensures 
that no conflict of interests will occur in respect of managing these separate parts of the estate of the 
Issuer. The Insolvency Administrator, an interim administrator, a liquidator or any other person who 
could potentially act in the conflict of interests with the interests of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders may not be the same person as the Covered Block Administrator. 
The Covered Block Administrator is charged with management of the Covered Blocks and is obliged to 
act with professional care while always respecting and promoting the best interests of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any legal act that relates to an asset registered in Cover Asset Register 
which is not a discharge of a debt and which has been made by a person other than the Covered Block 
Administrator without his consent has no legal effect. The Covered Block Administrator may enter into 
an arrangement either for the benefit or to the detriment of the Covered Block only in order to improve 
liquidity or hedge against risk. 
Where, after the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in 
the Cover Pool is lower than the total nominal value of the debts for whose cover the Cover Pool serves 
(the Over-indebted Covered Block), the Covered Block Administrator shall quantify the claims of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts to the extent in which 
they are not covered by the Cover Pool and, without undue delay, shall send the quantification to the 
insolvency court within the period stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the insolvency 
proceedings. Upon delivery of the quantification to the insolvency court, the respective claims contained 
therein are deemed to be registered. Only in the case where the Covered Block Administration fails to 
send the quantification to the insolvency court without undue delay within the period stipulated by the 
law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings, the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders and creditors of Accessory Debts may register their respective claims to the extent in which 
they are not covered by the Cover Pool with the insolvency court within the period of 1 year from the 
moment the period stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings has 
elapsed. The portion of the claims registered with the insolvency court mentioned above would rank pari 
passu with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and be satisfied on a pro rata

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
basis with all other general creditors’ claims (i.e. the portions of the claims concerned will be satisfied 
from the General Insolvency Estate). 
Also, the Czech Bonds Act contains express provisions regarding the segregation of the cash flows from 
the assets in the Cover Pool, following the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, Declaration of 
Insolvency, Declaration of Bankruptcy or other situations when the Covered Block Administrator must 
be appointed by the CNB, as provided for in the Czech Bonds Act. The Covered Block Administrator is 
upon its appointment obliged to open a separate account for the purpose of collecting payments 
representing repayments of the debts from the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool and, alternatively, 
the debts relating to the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool. But, on the other hand, the cash flows 
received from the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool before the Covered Block Administrator has 
been appointed will not become part of the Cover Pool.  
The General Insolvency Estate is administered by the Insolvency Administrator. The Insolvency 
Administrator must co-operate with the Covered Block Administrator to ensure the proper management 
of the Covered Block. The Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders may not give any instructions to the 
Insolvency Administrator and the Insolvency Administrator must uphold the common interest of all of 
the Issuer’s creditors. 
After the satisfaction of all of the creditors’ claims, any part of the Cover Pool remaining will be used to 
satisfy all the other general creditors’ claims in accordance with the court-approved distribution schedule. 
If the case of the Over-indebted Covered Block, the Covered Block Administrator may decide on a 
proportional (pari passu) decrease of debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered bonds and Accessory 
Debt (save for (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator; (ii); (ii) a receivable of a common 
representative of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders; and (iii) a receivable of counterparty of the 
Derivative arising under the Derivative or in direct connection with it (provided the relevant Derivative 
is registered in the Cover Assets Register))45 for whose cover the Cover Pool serves, resulting in a 
removal of the decreased amount of such debts from the Covered Block (the Pari Passu Haircut). 
Claims deriving from the portion of debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered bonds and Accessory Debt 
which, as a result of Pari Passu Haircut, ceased to be part of the Covered Block may be registered for the 
purposes of insolvency proceedings with the insolvency court by Covered Block Administrator, Czech 
Covered Bondholder or a creditor of the relevant Accessory Debt at any time during the insolvency 
proceedings (irrespective whether the period for registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings 
elapsed) save for when such claims have already been registered for the purposes of the insolvency 
proceedings by means of the Covered Block Administrator sending the quantification of the claims of 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts to the extent in 
which they are not covered by the Cover Pool to the insolvency court within the period stipulated by the 
law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings (see above). 
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator may also and irrespective whether the Pari Passu 
Haircut occurred (i) decide on realisation of all assets in the Cover Pool and consequently proceed with 
early repayment of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds either partial or in full (the Cover Pool 
Liquidation), (ii) decide on realisation of selected assets in the Cover Pool (the Liquidation of Selected 
Assets) or (iii) decide that it will continue to manage the Covered Block. 
The Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation and Liquidation of Selected Assets require the prior 
consent of the CNB, which the CNB shall grant if it determines that it is in the interest of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders, for its validity. No further approval, notification or consent is required 
for the Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation and the Liquidation of Selected Assets to be 
effective. If the meeting of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders adopts a decision on the Pari Passu 
Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation or the Liquidation of Selected Assets, the Covered Block 
Administrator is bound by such a decision and is obliged to make a request for the consent of the CNB 
to proceed with the Pari Passu Haircut, the Cover Pool Liquidation or the Liquidation of the Selected 
Assets. 
 
45  
Note that the reference contained in the Section 32e(1) of the Czech Bonds Act to the types of Accessory Assets which may not be 
subject to the Pari Passu Haircut is likely incorrect due to the changes made in the list of Accessory Assets contained in Section 
31a(4) of the Czech Bonds Act which was subject to the changes during the course of the legislative process of the amendments 
thereto. It is likely that the intention of the legislator was in fact to exclude the Accesory Assets of the following type from the Pari 
Passu Haircut: (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator; (ii) a receivable of a common representative of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders; and (iii) a receivable of another person specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the 
relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the Covered 
Block which serves to cover such debts.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
If the proceeds from the Cover Pool Liquidation are not sufficient to satisfy the claims of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts in full, the unsatisfied 
portion of those claims may be registered for the purposes of insolvency proceedings with the insolvency 
court by the Czech Covered Bondholder or a creditor of the relevant Accessory Debt at any time during 
the insolvency proceedings (irrespective whether the period for registration of claims in the insolvency 
proceedings elapsed) save for when such claims have already been registered for the purposes of the 
insolvency proceedings by means of the Covered Block Administrator sending the quantification of the 
claims of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders and of the creditors of the Accessory Debts to the 
extent in which they are not covered by the Cover Pool to the insolvency court within the period 
stipulated by the law for the registration of claims in the insolvency proceedings (see above). Such claims 
will rank pari passu with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will be 
satisfied on a pro rata basis with all other general creditors’ claims as already stated above.  
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator may further transfer the whole Covered Block 
and its management to another Eligible Entity (the Transfer of the Covered Block). The Covered Block 
Administrator may not transfer the Covered Block to itself. Apart from the consent of the CNB, which 
the CNB shall grant (if it determines that the Transfer of the Covered Block is in the interests of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders), no further approval, notification or consent with the Transfer of 
the Covered Block is required for its validity. A transfer of the Covered Block made without such consent 
shall have no legal effects. The Czech Bonds Act further stipulates that if the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders meeting adopts a decision on Transfer of the Covered Block, the Covered Block 
Administrator is bound by such decision and is obliged to make a request for the consent of the CNB to 
proceed with such Transfer of the Covered Block. Also, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ 
meeting may decide on refusing the Transfer of the Covered Block and, again, the Covered Block 
Administrator would be bound by such decision. 
The Transfer of the Covered Block has to be always done in relation to the Covered Block as a whole 
(i.e. assets and liabilities) and as a result it is not possible to transfer just the Cover Pool itself (i.e. only 
the assets). 
12. 
RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF SLOVAK LAW AFFECTING THE COVER POOL 
Slovak law is not directly relevant for the purposes of composition of the Cover Pool and entitlements in 
respect of the Cover Pool except as set out below.  
The Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage include both Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans regulated 
by Section 68 et seq. of the Slovak Banking Act effective until 31 December 2017 and other Slovak loans 
which are secured by residential or commercial property located in the Slovak Republic and which do 
not meet the requirements of Section 68 et seq. of the Slovak Banking Act effective until 31 December 
2017 (Other Slovak Mortgage Loans and together with the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans Slovak 
Mortgage Loans). For a Slovak Mortgage Loan to become eligible to be included in the Cover Pool it 
must comply with the applicable statutory tests (as set out in sections General Description of Czech and 
Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – The Cover Pool – Composition of Assets 
below and The Cover Pool below). 
Pursuant to the Slovak regulation effective until 31 December 2017, the Issuer had to finance at least 
90 per cent. of its Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans through issuing the Slovak Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. In other words, there was a statutory requirement to maintain a certain ratio between the value of 
the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and value of Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans. In turn, the issued 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds had to be covered by eligible receivables from Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans, and this requirement continues to apply in respect of the still outstanding Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. The interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law 
governing the Slovak cover pool for the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. However a likely 
outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would be able to benefit from all Cover 
Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, included in the Cover Pool 
pari-passu with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer, but it cannot be ruled 
out that a court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would 
only be able to benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are not used for covering 
the Slovak Mortgage Bonds of the Issuer (for details see section Risk Factors – Receivables from 
mortgage loans governed by Slovak law included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are primarily designated 
under Slovak law to cover the receivables under Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and interaction of 
Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool is not clear).

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
No such rule applies to the Other Slovak Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, there is no Slovak cover pool in 
respect of receivables from the Other Slovak Mortgage Loans, which are included in the Cover Pool in 
full if the otherwise applicable Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria for 
the Eligible Assets are also met. 
As of 1 January 2018, a substantially new Slovak regulation of Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans and 
Mortgage Covered Bonds came into effect. In particular, the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans no longer 
have to be partly financed via an issue of Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer even ceased to 
be able to issue new Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds through its Slovak branch. The Slovak Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans already in place are governed by the legal 
regulations applicable as of 31 December 2017, as described above, until they are fully paid-up. The 
Covered Bond Directive has been implemented into Slovak law with effect from 8 July 2022, however, 
this new legislation does materially affect previously issued Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and Slovak 
Regulated Mortgage Loans. 
Once all Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans are fully paid up, the 
regulation described here will become largely irrelevant. Consequently, the Slovak law issues will 
continue to be relevant in respect of the Issuer’s legacy portfolios of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, but the Issuer will not issue any new Slovak Mortgage Covered 
Bonds after 1 January 2018. Similarly, although the Issuer will be able to provide Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans and/or Other Slovak Mortgage Loans after 1 January 2018, these loans will not be 
subject to the restrictions described above.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE REGULATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC 
The Terms and Conditions provide, among other things, that the courts of Germany shall have jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds. As the principal assets 
of the Issuer are located in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia, any judgements rendered in disputes connected 
with the Mortgage Covered Bonds will likely be enforced in these two jurisdictions. 
The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments of civil courts in the Czech Republic and Slovakia is 
governed by EU law, public international treaties and domestic legislation. In relations among the EU Member 
States, Regulation (EU) 1215/2012, which recast Regulation (EC) 44/2001 (the Brussels I Recast), is the 
governing law on the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. 
Based on this regulation, court rulings issued by any court authority in the EU member states, including Germany, 
with regard to civil and commercial matters are enforceable in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, subject to the 
rules of the Brussels I Recast and, vice versa, court rulings issued by court authorities in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia with regard to civil and commercial matters are reciprocally enforceable in the EU member states, 
including Germany. 
According to the EC Regulation No. 593/2008 of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations, 
parties to a contract may, subject to the terms set out therein, select the law which will govern their contractual 
relations in civil and commercial matters and Czech and Slovak courts will give effect to such choice of law. 
Unless parties to the dispute agreed otherwise, or unless courts of a different member state have an exclusive 
jurisdiction, foreign entities are able to bring civil proceedings before Czech or Slovak courts against individuals 
and legal entities domiciled therein. In court proceedings, Czech and Slovak courts apply their respective national 
procedural rules and their judgments are enforceable in their respective jurisdictions, subject to certain statutory 
limitations on the ability of creditors to enforce judgments against certain assets. 
Any person bringing an action in the Czech Republic or Slovakia may be required to: (i) submit to the court a 
translation in the Czech or Slovak language (apostilled if applicable pursuant to respective international treaties) 
of any relevant document prepared by a sworn translator authorised by such court; and (ii) pay a court filing fee. 
In the event that court judgments against the Issuer are issued by court bodies of non-EU member states, the 
following rules shall apply: 
In cases where the Czech Republic or Slovakia concluded a treaty with a specific country on the recognition and 
enforcement of court rulings, the enforcement of court rulings issued in such country is ensured in accordance 
with the provisions of the applicable international treaty. If no such treaty exists, then the rulings of foreign courts 
shall be recognized and enforced in the Czech Republic in accordance with the Czech Private International Law 
Act and other relevant legislation. In the event of a foreign ruling against a Czech individual or legal entity, such 
a foreign ruling shall be recognized and enforced if, among other things, actual reciprocity has been established 
regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered by Czech courts in the relevant country.  
The Czech Ministry of Justice may, upon a request of a Czech court, provide the court with declaration that 
reciprocity has been established with respect to a particular foreign country. If such declaration of reciprocity has 
not been issued with regard to a particular country, however, this does not automatically mean that reciprocity 
cannot be established in a given case. In such cases, the recognition of reciprocity would be assessed as part of 
the proceedings by the Czech court based on the actual situation in a given country with regard to the recognition 
of judgments of Czech authorities. 
On the other hand, even if reciprocity has been established and declared by the Ministry of Justice with respect to 
judgments issued by judicial bodies of a particular foreign country, such judgments may not be recognized and 
enforced under applicable provisions of Czech law if, for example: (i) the matter falls within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Czech Republic, or in the event that the proceedings on recognition and 
enforcement could not have been conducted by any authority of a foreign state, should the provisions on the 
jurisdiction of Czech courts be applied for considering the jurisdiction of the foreign authority (unless the party 
against whom the decision was issued voluntarily submitted to the authority of the foreign body); (ii) a Czech 
court has issued or recognized a final judgment in the same matter, or proceedings regarding the same matter are 
pending before a Czech court; (iii) the foreign authority deprived the party to the proceedings against whom the 
judgment was made of the opportunity to properly participate in the proceedings (i.e., in particular, if such party

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
had not been duly served for the purposes of the initiation of the proceedings); or (iv) the recognition of a foreign 
judgment would be contrary to the public order in the Czech Republic. 
If there is no relevant international treaty, a judgment of a court of law of a non-EU member state, which is not 
impeachable as void or voidable under the internal laws of the foreign jurisdiction would be recognised in the 
Slovak Republic provided that relevant conditions in respect of recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments 
set out in the Slovak Act No. 97/1963 Coll. on Private and Procedural International Law (the Slovak Private 
International Law Act) are met, including without limitation the following: (i) the non-EU judgment is final and 
enforceable according to the law of the state where it was issued; (ii) the matter is not within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of Slovakia; (iii) the non-EU judgment is a decision on the merits of the case; (iv) a party to the dispute 
against whom an enforcement is sought was not denied access to the foreign court, mainly it must have been 
served with a statement of claim or summons for the hearing; (v) the non-EU judgment is not irreconcilable with 
a prior Slovak judgment or an earlier foreign judgment which may be recognised in Slovakia; (vi) the non-EU 
judgement is not against the public policy (in French, ordre public) of Slovakia; and (vii) the application for 
recognition before the Slovak courts is duly made according to the Slovak Private International Law Act 
procedural rules and encloses all the documentation thereby required. Under the Slovak Private International Law 
Act there is no reciprocity principle applied in relation to civil and commercial foreign judgments. 
The Government of the Czech Republic may, under the Constitutional Act. No. 110/1998 Coll., on Security of 
the Czech Republic, as amended, declare an emergency. If such an emergency is declared, payments in foreign 
currency or abroad generally, interbank transfers of monies from abroad to the Czech Republic and/or sale of 
securities (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) abroad may be suspended for the duration of such emergency. 
Such an emergency may be declared for a maximum period of 30 days unless prolonged by the approval of the 
Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
THE COVER POOL 
Notwithstanding any other definitions used in this Base Prospectus, for the purposes of interpretation of the terms 
used in this section, the terms shall be interpreted as set out in the Terms and Conditions. 
Composition of Assets 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets (the Statutory Eligibility Criteria) 
The Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree prescribe that a Cover Pool created by the Issuer may only consist of 
the Cover Assets and the Accessory Assets (for details see section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – The Cover Pool – Composition of Assets).  
The Statutory 85 % Test has to be complied on an on-going basis. Only the Mortgage Loans may be used to meet 
the Statutory 85 % Test. In relation to the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans, the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV 
Test will apply, whereas for the CRR Mortgage Loans, specific collateral value tests, as set out in the CRR, will 
apply (for details see section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds – The Cover Pool – Composition of Assets). 
With the creation of one or more Cover Pools, the Issuer also creates a Covered Block. The Covered Block is 
constituted of the Cover Pool and the debts that it covers. 
The Cover Pool includes the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans and Other Slovak Mortgage Loans and, the 
interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool for the Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. A likely outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
would be able to benefit from all Cover Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, 
included in the Cover Pool pari-passu with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer, but 
it cannot be ruled out that a court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders would only be able to benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are not used 
for covering the Slovak Mortgage Bonds of the Issuer (for details see section Risk Factors – Receivables from 
mortgage loans governed by Slovak law included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are primarily designated under Slovak 
law to cover the receivables under Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and interaction of Czech law governing the 
Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool is not clear). 
Pursuant to an amendment to the Slovak Banking Act adopted by the Slovak National Council, which applies as 
of 1 January 2018, a substantially new regulation of Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage came into effect. 
See section Banking Regulation – Slovak Banking Regulation – Slovak Regulation of Covered Bonds for more 
details. 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer covenants to 
apply contractual eligibility criteria to the Cover Pool (the Contractual Eligibility Criteria) and to ensure that 
the Contractual Eligibility Criteria are met by the Cover Pool. 
The Contractual Eligibility Criteria are that: 
(a) 
The Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgage Loans are fully disbursed and the relevant borrower does not have a right or entitlement to 
any additional advance from the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans did not provide at the time of disbursement for any State Subsidy in relation to 
principal or interest; 
(d) 
The Mortgaged Property is a real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate register 
(in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) (the Czech Real Estate Register) or the respective land registry in the 
relevant jurisdiction;

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
(e) 
The Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(f) 
The Mortgage Loans are performing and there are no payments in respect of such loans that are due and 
unpaid for more than 90 days; 
(g) 
under the Mortgage Loans, the maximum amount of secured receivables of the Issuer is at least equal to 
the Registered Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Residential Mortgage Loan does not exceed 80% and if it exceeds such 
threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Residential Mortgage Loan exceeding the LTV 
Ratio of 80% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and the Contractual Asset Cover 
Test 
(i) 
the LTV Ratio of the CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan does not exceed 60% and if it exceeds such 
threshold, the part of the Nominal Value of such CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan exceeding the LTV 
Ratio of 60% shall be disregarded for the purpose of the Statutory Test and the Contractual Asset Cover 
Test; 
(j) 
The Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a maximum LTV 
ratio of 100 per cent.; 
(k) 
the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans granted to the Issuer's employees does not exceed 5 per cent. 
of the Nominal Value of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool; 
(l) 
The Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(m) 
The Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is subject 
to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) or other land not 
designated for construction purposes. 
As of 30 June 2023, 27.7 per cent. of the total volume of Mortgage Loans (including among others both Slovak 
Regulated Mortgage Loans and Other Slovak Mortgage Loans) were governed by Slovak Law, with the remainder 
being governed by Czech Law. 
Valuation of Assets 
Statutory Tests 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is required to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
following requirements for the Cover Assets. 
The Issuer covenants to ensure that it maintains the Cover Pool in compliance with the Statutory Minimum OC 
Level Test, the Statutory 85 % Test and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test (the Statutory Tests). 
The Statutory Minimum OC Level Test 
The Czech Bonds Act stipulates that the aggregate value of all the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool must 
represent at least 102 % of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the respective Cover Pool, i.e. resulting in 
a minimum 2 % statutory over-collateralisation requirement (i.e. Statutory Minimum OC Level Test). For the 
purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, 1% of the aggregate nominal amount of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds must always be added to the aggregate value of all debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool as 
an expected value of (i) a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below); (ii) a receivable arising 
out of legal acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a receivable 
of a common representative of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders; and (vi) a receivable of another person 
specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the relevant prospectus that participated on the issuance of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the Covered Block which serves to cover such debts. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has created only one Cover Pool that covers debts from all the 
issued and outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
this Programme, the Local Bond Programme and, if applicable, by way of the Issuer’s standalone issues) (see

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – The Cover 
Pool – Composition of Assets above).  
The Statutory 85 % Test 
The Issuer covenants to ensure that the Mortgage Loans Ratio (as defined below) is an amount equal to at least 
85 per cent. of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool (i.e. the Statutory 85 % Test). 
For the purposes of the Statutory 85 % Test and the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, the Mortgage Loans 
Ratio is the sum of the outstanding Nominal Values of all the Mortgage Loans used as Cover Assets, where the 
Nominal Value is deemed to be zero, for (i) each Mortgage Loan (including CRR Mortgage Loan) if such 
Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan, (ii) each Mortgage Loan if such Mortgage Loan does not fulfil requirements 
set out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act, (iii) each Mortgage Loan in the case of an obligor’s default 
pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR and (iv) each CRR Mortgage Loan if such CRR Mortgage Loan do not fulfil 
the applicable CRR requirements. A part of the Mortgage Loan which exceeds 100 % of the Mortgaged Property 
Value disregarded to such extent.  
Contractual Asset Cover Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover 
Pool Balance is an amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of all Debts (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). 
For the purposes of the Contractual Asset Cover Test, the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance 
is the sum of the outstanding Adjusted Values of all Cover Assets. 
Where any Cover Asset is not denominated in Czech Koruna such balance shall be converted to its equivalent in 
Czech Koruna at the Relevant Exchange Rate. 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to Moody’s (or another rating agency which has rated 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value of the Contractual Adjusted 
Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer with the Contractual Asset Cover Test. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. 
However, whilst such breach is continuing the Issuer cannot issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds which 
have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover Pool.  
Liquidity Buffer  
The Issuer covenants that the Cover Pool will at all times include the Liquidity Buffer composed of the Liquid 
Assets. The Issuer further covenants that the Liquidity Buffer will be available at all times in order to cover the 
maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow (i.e. all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal 
and interest payments arising under the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and payments under Derivative in the 
Covered Block, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover Pool) over 
a period of 180 days. 
For the avoidance of doubt failure by the Issuer to maintain the Liquidity Buffer does not constitute an event of 
default under the Terms and Conditions or a breach of the Terms and Conditions and does not give the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders or other persons any rights. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on 4 June 2020 between the Issuer, and the Asset 
Monitor as amended and restated by the amendment no. 4 dated 22 May 2023 (such Asset Monitor Agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Asset Monitor Agreement), the Asset 
Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of information to be provided by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor, to 
carry certain agreed upon procedures in relation to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Contractual Eligibility 
Criteria, the Statutory Tests, the Contractual Asset Cover Test and any other procedures agreed in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement in respect of the Cover Pool on each relevant Asset Monitor Calculation Date (as defined in 
the Asset Monitor Agreement). The Asset Monitor will only be required to perform its role starting from the First 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date and in the scope as per the wording of the Asset Monitor Agreement valid on the

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
date the Asset Monitor is performing its procedures. The Asset Monitor Report will not be publicly available or 
available to potential investors in the Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
If the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and/or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria have been breached or the Statutory 
Tests and/or Contractual Asset Cover Test had been failed on the relevant Asset Monitor Calculation Date or the 
reported Aggregate Cover Pool Balance or the reported Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance, as 
applicable, was misstated by the Issuer by an amount exceeding one per cent. of the Aggregate Cover Pool Balance 
or the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance, as applicable (as at the date of the relevant Statutory 
Tests or the Contractual Asset Cover Test), the Asset Monitor shall conduct the agreed procedures on a monthly 
basis for a six-month period subject to the receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer. 
Within forty Business Days (as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement) of receiving the relevant information 
from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor shall notify the parties to the Asset Monitor Agreement of their findings in a 
report following a specified form (the Asset Monitor Report). 
The Asset Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the Issuer for the purpose of reporting 
on the arithmetic or other accuracy basis is true and correct and is complete and not misleading and is not required 
to conduct an audit or other similar examination in respect of or otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy or 
completeness of such information save that the Asset Monitor will be required to advise the Issuer if it has not 
been provided with any of those figures which it is required to provide. However, if information required to be 
provided by the Issuer contains what appear to be manifest errors, the Asset Monitor shall notify the parties to the 
Asset Monitor Agreement and the Issuer shall provide further amended information to the Asset Monitor or shall 
confirm the accuracy of information previously provided. The Asset Monitor shall not be required to confirm 
whether the information provided to it by the Issuer (i) has been accurately extracted from the sources identified 
therein or agrees with any underlying accounting or other information or (ii) is presented in compliance with any 
relevant accounting or other definitions as to its elements and composition. 
The Asset Monitor Report will be delivered to the Issuer and subject to the terms and conditions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement also to the Arranger, the Dealers, the Rating Agency and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee determined in accordance with a fee letter entered into between the 
Issuer and the Asset Monitor. The liability of the Asset Monitor will be limited to five times the fees paid under 
the Asset Monitor Agreement and the relevant fee letter by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor in accordance with the 
Asset Monitor Agreement during any twelve months preceding an event that resulted in the Asset Monitor’s 
liability specified therein. If such event occurs during the first 12 months of the effectiveness of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the liability of the Asset Monitor shall be limited by five times fees paid under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement and the relevant fee letter since the date of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving the Asset Monitor 60 days’ 
written notice, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a replacement has been found 
by the Issuer which agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign from its appointment by giving the Issuer 60 days’ prior written notice 
(the Issuer shall provide a copy of such notice to the Rating Agency), provided that such termination may not be 
effected unless and until a replacement has been found for the Asset Monitor by the Issuer of the Asset Monitor. 
In addition, the Asset Monitor may resign from its appointment upon giving 30 days’ prior written notice if any 
action taken by the recipients of the Asset Monitor Report (Recipients) or future circumstance not caused by the 
Asset Monitor causes a professional conflict of interest for the Asset Monitor under the rules of the professional 
and/or regulatory bodies regulating the activities of the Asset Monitor. The Asset Monitor will inform the 
Recipients as soon as reasonably practicable of any action or circumstance of which the Asset Monitor is aware 
that may cause a professional conflict of interest for the Asset Monitor which could result in termination under 
the relevant clause. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Czech law.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
Description of the Cover Pool 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
In case of the Issuer’s insolvency, the assets in the Cover Pool will primarily serve for the satisfaction of all Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ claims (see section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation 
Relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 11 Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool above). In order to be 
included in the Cover Pool, Mortgage Loans have to meet certain statutory and contractual eligibility criteria (see 
section The Cover Pool– Composition of Assets and section The Cover Pool– Valuation of Assets above for 
further details). The composition of assets in the Cover Pool changes in time, as Mortgage Loans which are repaid 
or cease to meet the eligibility criteria are removed from the Cover Pool and new Mortgage Loans that meet the 
eligibility criteria are added. 
The Cover Pool consists of four types of Mortgage Loans: 
(a) 
Mortgage Loans which are retail residential loans secured by property located in the Czech Republic (the 
Czech Retail Residential Loans); 
(b) 
Mortgage Loans which are commercial loans secured by property located in the Czech Republic (the 
Czech Commercial Loans);  
(c) 
(A) Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans which meet the requirements of Section 68 et seq. of the Slovak 
Banking Act, as effective until 31 December 2017 (in Slovak, hypotekárny úver) and (B) Other Slovak 
Mortgage Loans which are secured by residential property located in the Slovak Republic, whereas both 
types of such Mortgage Loans must also fall within the definition of Eligible Assets in accordance with 
the Czech Bonds Act (the Slovak Residential Loans); and 
(d) 
Other Slovak Mortgage Loans, which are secured by commercial property located in the Slovak 
Republic, whereas such Other Slovak Mortgage Loans must also fall within the definition of Eligible 
Assets in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act (the Slovak Commercial Loans); 
In order to assess compliance with the Slovak Banking Act, the Issuer maintains a separate register of the Slovak 
Regulated Mortgage Loans. Since the Issuer has obtained a consent from the NBS to apply a lower threshold of 
70 per cent., at least 70 per cent. of the value of the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans originated until 
31 December 2017 (including) had to be financed from proceeds of sale of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool for the 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. However, a likely outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders would be able to benefit from all Cover Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans, included in the Cover Pool pari-passu with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds 
of the Issuer, but it cannot be ruled out that a court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders would only be able to benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are 
not used for covering the Slovak Mortgage Bonds of the Issuer. 
As of 30 June 2023, the total value of the Cover Pool was CZK 159,176 million, out of which (i) 49.88 per cent. 
(or CZK 79,390 million) consisted of Czech Retail Residential Loans; (ii) 25.34 per cent. (or CZK 40,341 million) 
consisted of the Slovak Residential Loans; and (iii) 24.78 per cent. (or CZK 39,446 million) consisted of the Czech 
Commercial Loans and Slovak Commercial Loans.  
The following table provides information on the composition of the Cover Pool as of 30 June 2023: 
 
 
 
Czech Retail 
Residential Loans 
Slovak 
Residential 
Loans 
Czech and Slovak 
Commercial Loans 
 
 
 
 
Total loan balance (in CZK millions)......................................................... 
79,390 
40,341 
39,446 
Average loan balance (in CZK) ................................................................. 
1,639,852 
1,311,590 
32,789,331 
Total number of loans ................................................................................ 
48,413 
30,757 
1,203 
Total number of debtors ............................................................................. 
43,791 
28,822 
972 
Total number of properties......................................................................... 
51,633 
32,193 
1,017 
Weighted average seasoning (in years) ...................................................... 
4.7 
3.9 
4.8 
Contracted weighted average remaining term (in years) ............................ 
21.3 
22.1 
4.5

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
Weighted average LTV (in per cent.) ......................................................... 
62 
67 
52 
Stake of fixed interest rate loans (in per cent.) ........................................... 
99 
99 
26 
Stake of 10 biggest loans (in per cent.) ...................................................... 
1 
0 
31 
Stake of bullet loans (in per cent.).............................................................. 
0 
0 
7 
As of 30 June 2023, the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds were over-collateralised by 66.02 per cent. 
As of the same date, 57.79 per cent. of the assets included in the Cover Pool was denominated in Czech crowns 
and 42.21 per cent. was denominated in euro.  
Issuer’s Cover Pool in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Management of the Cover Pool in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer maintains the Cover Assets Register which contains a separate 
record of the Eligible Assets included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool. The Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool 
serve to provide cover in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and the obligations of the Issuer arising 
from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). For the 
purposes of managing the Cover Pool and to comply with the applicable statutory requirements set out in the Czech 
Bonds Act and the CNB Decree, the Issuer adopted an internal regulation which governs the work-streams, 
procedures and the competences of individual departments in this area. 
The Issuer through its Real Estate Appraisal department continuously monitors and analyses the real estate market 
in the Czech Republic and development of real estate prices. The Issuer applies security coefficients when 
approving Mortgage Loans, which, according to the type of the Mortgaged Property, also take into account a 
possible drop in the Mortgaged Property Value over the long term. If, on the basis of a revaluation, the Mortgaged 
Property Value would decrease below the threshold needed for covering the respective Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer excludes such a Mortgage Loan from the Cover Pool. 
In the context of management of the Cover Pool the Issuer has defined limits that can be altered only by its 
Financial Risk Committee (the FCR) based on analysis conducted by the department in charge of the administration 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. The FCR further decides about individual steps leading to an increase in the 
ratio of the Substitute Assets or alternatively to the repurchase of the relevant Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
List of Issued and Outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than the Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) issued by the Issuer. The data is valid as of 30 June 2023. 
 
Name of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bond issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Outstanding 
amount 
Interest 
yield 
Issuance 
date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating  
(assigned by 
Moody’s) 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HZL HVB 5,00/25 
CZ0002000680 
CZK 
4,050 
5 
23.11.2005 
15.11.2025 
- 
UCB HZL 7,00/2024 
CZ0002002983 
CZK 
93.5 
7 
21.12.2012 
15.6.2024 
- 
UCB HZL 3,04/2028 
CZ0002003114 
EUR 
5.5 
3.04 
7.6.2013 
7.6.2028 
Aa2 
UCB SD HZL GLOBAL 
10/2024 
CZ0002006240 
CZK 
248.7 
structured 
26.8.2019 
26.8.2024 
- 
UCB SD HZL EUR GLOBAL 
10/2024 
CZ0002006257 
EUR 
3.4 
structured 
26.8.2019 
26.8.2024 
- 
UCB SDHZL HealthCare 
Invest 2024 
CZ0002006562 
EUR 
3.1 
structured 
16.12.2019 
16.12.2024 
- 
UCB SDHZL EUR CLEAN 
ENERGY INVEST 2025 
CZ0002006810 
EUR 
0.5 
structured 
27.04.2020 
28.04.2025 
- 
UCB SD HZL CLIMATE 
ACTION 2026 
CZ0002008428 
CZK 
198.8 
structured 
16.05.2022 
18.05.2026 
- 
List of Issued and Outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the German law  
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
under German law. The data is valid as of 30 June 2023.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
Name of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Outstanding 
amount 
Interest 
yield 
Issuance 
date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating  
(assigned by 
Moody’s) 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT /24 
XS2188797729 
EUR 
1,000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2024 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT /25 
XS2188802230 
EUR 
1,000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2025 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT /26 
XS2188802313 
EUR 
1,000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2026 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT /27 
XS2188802404 
EUR 
1,000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2027 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 0,01/25 
XS2259866064 
EUR 
500 
0,01 
19.11.2020 
19.11.2025 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT 
II/26 
XS2419387357 
EUR 
1,000 
floater 
15.12.2021 
15.12.2026 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3.125/27 
XS2541314584 
EUR 
500 
3.125 
11.10.2022 
11.10.2027 
/11.10.2028* 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3.63/26 
XS2585977882 
EUR 
500 
3.63 
15.02.2023 
15.02.2026 
/15.02.2027* 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 3.75/2028 
XS2637445276 
EUR 
500 
3.75 
20.06.2023 
20.06.2028 
/20.06.2029 
Aa2 
* Soft bullet structure 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
List of Issued and Outstanding Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the 
Slovak branch of the Issuer. The data is valid as of 30 June 2023.  
 
Name of the Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bond 
issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Outstanding 
amount 
Interest yield 
Issuance 
date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating 
(assigned by 
Moody’s) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
UCB HZL EUR 1,40/2024 
SK4120011131 
EUR 
5 
1,4 
15.10.2015 
15.10.2024 
- 
UCB HZL EUR 1,80/2025 
SK4120011123 
EUR 
10 
1,8 
15.10.2015 
15.10.2025 
-

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer will be used for its general corporate purposes, i.e. making profit. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net proceeds for general 
corporate purposes of the Issuer, i.e. making profits, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
In the case of Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds and Sustainability Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each offer of Green 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds and Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds to 
finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, selected in accordance 
with the Sustainability Bond Framework as further specified in the Final Terms. 
Criteria for selecting the Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects under the Sustainability 
Bond Framework 
The Sustainability Bond Framework sets out examples of  Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects. 
The list of examples included in the Sustainability Bond Framework is illustrative and not exhaustive and Eligible 
Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects will not be limited to those included on this list, provided that they 
qualify under the eligible categories presented in the Sustainability Bond Framework, as these are described 
below. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Bond Framework sets out the following examples of 
Eligible Green Projects categorised into five eligible categories: 
• 
Renewable energy, whereas examples of Eligible Green Projects include: 
o 
renewable energy production: (i) onshore and offshore wind; (ii) solar; (iii) biogas from biowaste and 
low carbon gasses (Hydrogen); (iv) hydroelectric; (v) energy storage (batteries) and (vi) products and 
services related to renewable energy production; 
• 
Clean transportation, whereas examples of Eligible Green Projects include: 
o 
low carbon passenger cars and commercial vehicles (electric, hybrid, etc.) and relevant infrastructure; 
o 
enhancement of rail transport and relevant infrastructure; and 
o 
improvement of public electricity-based/sustainable transportation and relevant infrastructure; 
• 
Green buildings, whereas examples of Eligible Green Projects include: 
o 
construction or acquisition of commercial or residential green buildings which meet at least one of the 
following criteria: (i) the building meets a recognised environmental standard such as: LEED gold or 
higher, or BREEAM very good or higher; (ii) buildings with Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) 
class 'A'; (iii) the energy performance of the building is within the top 15 per cent. of the national or 
regional building stock; and (iv) buildings which meet other regional or national standards or 
certifications related to energy  efficiency;  
o 
implementation of energy efficiency solutions or renovations in buildings, which lead to a 30 per cent. 
increase in the building energy efficiency or at least two steps improvement in EPC compared to the 
baseline before the renovation; 
• 
Pollution prevention and control, whereas examples of Eligible Green Projects include waste collection, 
process, disposal and recycling (including related technologies and infrastructure); and 
• 
Sustainable water and wastewater management, whereas examples of Eligible Green Projects include: 
o 
water management; and

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
o 
waste-water treatments. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Sustainability Bond Framework sets out the following examples of 
Eligible Social Projects categorised into six eligible categories: 
• 
Healthcare (target population - people in need of medical care), whereas examples of Eligible Social Projects 
include:  
O 
construction of hospitals and healthcare facilities; and 
O 
R&D and construction of medical equipment/healthcare technology; 
• 
Social Assistance (target population - elderly, disabled and vulnerable people), whereas examples of Eligible 
Social Projects include construction of kindergartens, homes for the elderly,  for disabled or for vulnerable 
people; 
• 
Affordable housing (target population - low income population and people living without adequate housing), 
whereas examples of Eligible Social Projects include access to affordable housing; 
• 
Support to disadvantaged areas housing (target population - SMEs located in economically underperforming 
areas), whereas examples of Eligible Social Projects include financing SMEs in deprived areas or affected 
by natural disasters; 
• 
Education (target population – entire population), whereas examples of Eligible Social Projects include 
construction of schools, universities and campuses; and 
• 
Social Impact Banking (target population – organisations (profit and non-profit) generating proved and 
measurable social outcomes and individuals and small companies with limited or no access to credit), 
whereas examples of Eligible Social Projects include: 
o 
impact financing: Projects and initiatives that, in addition to generating economic returns, have 
objectives of social, positive, tangible, and measurable impacts;  
o 
microcredit loans to individuals and small companies with limited or no access to credit; and 
O 
social mission-oriented organisations and religious bodies. 
Sustainability Profile of the Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Sustainability Bond Framework 
The Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds and Sustainability Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued under the Sustainability Bond Framework is based on principles and guidelines introduced by the 
ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles. The ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles have been introduced by ICMA to 
promote transparency in disclosure regarding environmental and social impacts of bond investments. The 
Sustainability Bond Framework is also intended to align, on a best effort basis and to the extent currently possible,  
with the proposal for the EU Green Bond Standard (EU GBS) and the Technical Screening Criteria of the EU 
Taxonomy Delegated Act. 
Second Party Opinion 
A Second Party Opinion on the Sustainability Bond Framework was provided by ISS ESG on 18 June 2021, 
assessing three core elements to determine the sustainability quality of the instrument:  
(a) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework’s link to UniCredit Group’s sustainability strategy: 
According to ISS ESG, the use of proceeds financed through bonds issued under the Sustainability Bond 
Framework is consistent with the UniCredit Group’s sustainability strategy and material ESG topics for 
the  industry. The rationale for issuing sustainability bonds is clearly described by UniCredit Group;

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
(b) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework benchmarked against the ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles: 
According to ISS ESG, UniCredit Group has defined a formal concept for its bonds issued under the 
Sustainability Bond Framework regarding the use of proceeds, processes for project evaluation and 
selection, management of proceeds and reporting. This concept is in line with the ICMA Sustainable Bond 
Principles; and 
(c) 
the sustainability quality of the selection criteria: 
According to ISS ESG, the overall sustainability quality of the selection criteria in terms of sustainability 
benefits, risk avoidance and minimisation is good.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Interest income of which: .......................................................  
16,046 
11,166 
24,090 
15,305 
–interest income calculated using the effective interest 
method .......................................................................  
19,852 
13,175 
30,403 
12,722 
Interest expenses ....................................................................  
(8,501) 
(3,464) 
(9,506) 
(2,324) 
Net interest income ...............................................................  
7,545 
7,702 
14,584 
12,981 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income ..................................................  
2,758 
2,693 
5,402 
5,009 
Fee and commission expenses ................................................  
(899) 
(692) 
(1,600) 
(1,414) 
Net fee and commission income ...........................................  
1,859 
2,001 
3,802 
3,595 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividend income ....................................................................  
2 
3 
8 
4 
Net income/(loss) from trading ..............................................  
1,413 
1,019 
2,032 
2,111 
Net income/(loss) from hedging against risk of changes in 
fair value ................................................................................  
- 
(1) 
(2) 
(1) 
Net income/(loss) from the sale or repurchase of ...................  
54 
64 
342 
435 
Financial assets at amortised cost .................................  
25 
17 
107 
357 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ................................................. 
28 
46 
46 
94 
Financial liabilities .......................................................  
1 
1 
(189) 
(16) 
Net income/(loss) from financial assets/liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss, of which.....................................  
52 
(56) 
(4) 
(12) 
Mandatorily at fair value ..............................................  
52 
(56) 
(4) 
(12) 
Operating income .................................................................  
10,925 
10,732 
20,762 
19,113 
 
 
 
 
 
Impairment losses on: .............................................................  
(180) 
(687) 
(1,600) 
(2,044) 
Financial assets at amortised cost .................................  
(180) 
(687) 
(1,595) 
(2,045) 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .................................................  
1 
- 
(5) 
1 
Administrative expenses.........................................................  
(4,072) 
(4,015) 
(7,577) 
(7,288) 
Net provisions for risks and charges.......................................  
111 
(53) 
62 
41 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees given ......  
53 
(40) 
65 
18 
Other net provisions .....................................................  
58 
(13) 
(3) 
23 
Depreciation and impairment of property, equipment and 
right of use assets ...................................................................  
(466) 
(475) 
(951) 
(1,064) 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets .................  
(363) 
(346) 
(688) 
(676) 
Other operating income and expenses ....................................  
350 
351 
1,102 
665 
Operating expenses ..............................................................  
(4,440) 
(4,538) 
(8,052) 
(8,322) 
 
 
 
 
 
Net income/(loss) on property and investment property 
measured at fair value ............................................................  
- 
- 
- 
2 
Profit/(loss) from equity investments .....................................  
27 
27 
54 
61 
Profit/(loss) from the sale of non-financial assets ..................  
(1) 
(1) 
(2) 
30 
Profit before income tax.......................................................  
6,331 
5,533 
11,162 
8,840 
 
 
 
 
 
Income tax ..............................................................................  
(1,082) 
(1,100) 
(2,034) 
(1,859) 
Profit after tax ......................................................................  
5,249 
4,433 
9,128 
6,981

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
Net profit attributable to the Group’s shareholders .........  
5,249 
4,433 
9,128 
6,981 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that cannot be subsequently reclassified to profit 
or loss 
 
 
 
 
Reserve from revaluation of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income, of which:  ...................  
(1) 
2 
(6) 
- 
Change in fair value......................................................  
(1) 
2 
(7) 
- 
Deferred tax ..................................................................  
- 
- 
1 
- 
Reserve from revaluation of property used in business 
measured at fair value, of which:  ..........................................  
3 
10 
4 
(53) 
Change in fair value......................................................  
8 
18 
15 
(51) 
Transfers to other net equity items  ..............................  
(4) 
(5) 
(10) 
(15) 
Deferred tax ..................................................................  
(1) 
(3) 
(1) 
13 
Items that can be subsequently reclassified to profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
 
Reserve from revaluation of hedging instruments in cash 
flow hedges, of which: ...........................................................  
1,219 
(3,433) 
(2,007) 
(6,565) 
Change in fair value......................................................  
1,502 
(4,259) 
(1,207) 
(8,643) 
Revaluation reclassified to profit or loss ......................  
- 
- 
(1,299) 
532 
Deferred tax ..................................................................  
(283) 
826 
499 
1,546 
Reserve from revaluation of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income, of which: ....................  
6 
(528) 
(522) 
29 
Change in fair value......................................................  
12 
(587) 
(577) 
89 
Revaluation reclassified to profit or loss ......................  
(4) 
(65) 
(68) 
(53) 
Deferred tax ..................................................................  
(2) 
124 
123 
(7) 
Foreign exchange rate gains from the consolidation of a 
foreign branch ........................................................................  
(170) 
2 
(332) 
(709) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax ............................  
1,057 
(3,947) 
(2,863) 
(7,298) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax, attributable to 
the Group’s shareholders ....................................................  
1,057 
(3,947) 
(2,863) 
(7,298) 
Total comprehensive income, net of tax .............................  
6,306 
486 
6,265 
(317) 
Total comprehensive income, net of tax, attributable to 
the Group’s shareholders ....................................................  
6,306 
486 
6,265 
(317)

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Cash and cash balances*  ............................................................  
5,927 
20,140 
7,086 
5,772 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, of which  ...  
44,128 
53,081 
53,235 
35,190 
Held for trading  ..................................................................  
43,537 
52,546 
52,695 
34,646 
Mandatorily at fair value .....................................................  
591 
535 
540 
544 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income, of which: .......................................................................  
43,497 
28,451 
28,319 
21,802 
Financial assets at amortised cost*, of which: ............................  
876,518 
822,264 
645,469 
605,192 
Loans and advances to banks* .............................................  
312,393 
303,518 
108,389 
121,843 
Loans and advances to customers ........................................  
564,125 
518,746 
537,080 
483,349 
Positive fair value of hedging derivatives ..................................  
16,133 
18,895 
21,431 
12,341 
Change in fair value of the portfolio of hedged instruments 
(2,043) 
(1,934) 
(3,164) 
(366) 
Equity investments .....................................................................  
325 
328 
355 
365 
Property, equipment and right of use assets ...............................  
6,798 
6,585 
6,443 
6,511 
Intangible assets .........................................................................  
2,474 
2,705 
2,712 
2,876 
Tax receivables, of which: .........................................................  
2,585 
3,232 
3,036 
2,553 
Current income tax ..............................................................  
4 
51 
10 
349 
Deferred tax .........................................................................  
2,581 
3,181 
3,026 
2,204 
Non-current assets held for sale .................................................  
- 
- 
- 
8 
Other assets ................................................................................  
2,799 
1,639 
1,490 
1,220 
Total assets.......................................................................................  
999,141 
955,386 
766,412 
693,464 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, of 
which:......................................................................................... 
43,296 
52,529 
52,725 
35,135 
Held for trading  .................................................................. 
43,296 
52,529 
52,725 
35,135 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost, of which:  ....................... 
840,484 
782,284 
594,696 
550,898 
Deposits from banks ............................................................ 
75,369 
93,786 
56,910 
56,874 
Deposits from customers ..................................................... 
706,452 
665,149 
503,374 
470,158 
Debt securities issued .......................................................... 
58,663 
23,349 
34,412 
23,866 
Negative fair value of hedging derivatives ................................. 
32,724 
38,342 
39,799 
21,755 
Changes in fair value of the portfolio of hedged instruments ..... 
(10,266) 
(12,388) 
(12,656) 
(5,395) 
Tax liabilities, of which: ............................................................. 
1,252 
1,096 
1,459 
998 
Current income tax .............................................................. 
661 
382 
808 
260 
Deferred tax ......................................................................... 
591 
714 
651 
738 
Other liabilities ........................................................................... 
11,740 
16,461 
7,703 
6,827 
Provisions for risks and charges ................................................. 
1,143 
1,411 
1,264 
1,365 
Total liabilities ................................................................................ 
920,373 
879,735 
684,990 
611,583 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
Issued capital  ............................................................................. 
8,755 
8,755 
8,755 
8,755 
Share premium ........................................................................... 
3,495 
3,495 
3,495 
3,495 
Reserve funds from revaluation ................................................. 
(7,982) 
(9,941) 
(9,029) 
(6,141) 
Retained earnings and reserve funds .......................................... 
69,251 
68,909 
69,073 
68,791 
Profit for the period .................................................................... 
5,249 
4,433 
9,128 
6,981 
Total shareholder’s equity............................................................. 
78,768 
75,651 
81,422 
81,881 
Total liabilities and shareholder’s equity ..................................... 
999,141 
955,386 
766,412 
693,464 
 
* Balances as of 31 December 2020 have been restated. In 2021, to closer represent the substance of items included in the line “Cash and 
cash balances” the Group adjusted the presentation of current accounts and sight deposits toward banks from line “Financial assets at 
amortised cost: Loans and advances to banks” to line “Cash and cash balances”.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Six months ended  
30 June 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Profit after tax ............................................................................. 
5,249 
4,433 
9,128 
6,981 
Adjustments for non-monetary items: 
 
 
 
 
Impairment losses of:  ................................................................... 
(182) 
687 
1,600 
2,044 
Financial assets at amortised costs  ............................... 
(181) 
687 
1,595 
2,045 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .................................................. 
(1) 
- 
5 
(1) 
Revaluation of financial instruments ............................................. 
258 
(329) 
(461) 
1,358 
Net provisions for risks and charges.............................................. 
(112) 
53 
(62) 
(41) 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees given ....... 
(53) 
40 
(65) 
(18) 
Other net provisions ...................................................... 
(59) 
13 
3 
(23) 
Depreciation and impairment of property, equipment and right 
of use assets ................................................................................... 
466 
475 
951 
 
1,064 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets ........................ 
363 
346 
688 
676 
Net income/(loss) from the sale or repurchase of: ......................... 
(28) 
(46) 
(46) 
(94) 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .................................................. 
(28) 
(46) 
(46) 
(94) 
Profit/(loss) from equity investments  ........................................... 
30 
37 
10 
(6) 
Profit/(loss) from the sale of non-financial assets ......................... 
1 
1 
2 
(30) 
Taxes ............................................................................................. 
1,082 
1,100 
2,034 
1,859 
Unrealised foreign currency gains/(losses)  ................................... 
(150) 
2 
(300) 
(709) 
Other non-monetary adjustments .................................................. 
(2,795) 
727 
(995) 
(2,225) 
Operating profit before change in operating assets and 
liabilities ....................................................................................... 
4,182 
7,486 
12,549 
10,877 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, of which:  ...... 
8,938 
(17,799) 
(17,682) 
(19,482) 
Held for trading .............................................................  
8,937 
(17,752) 
(17,516) 
(19,466) 
Mandatorily at fair value ...............................................  
1 
(47) 
(166) 
(16) 
Financial assets at amortised cost*, of which:  ............................... 
(228,959) 
(217,590) 
(39,646) 
(9,533) 
Loans and advances to banks ........................................  
(203,657) 
(181,427) 
13,506 
12,038 
Loans and advances to customers.................................. 
(25,284) 
(36,163) 
(53,152) 
(21,571) 
Other financial instruments* .......................................................... 
1,479 
(227) 
2,181 
(2,236) 
Other assets ................................................................................... 
(1,311) 
(422) 
(278) 
852 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, of which .. 
(9,615) 
17,538 
17,585 
18,336 
Held for trading ............................................................. 
(9,615) 
17,538 
17,585 
18,336 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost, of which:  ........................... 
220,326 
231,603 
32,776 
(3,366) 
Deposits from banks ...................................................... 
17,476 
37,113 
259 
(48,372) 
Deposits from customers ............................................... 
202,850 
194,490 
32,517 
45,006 
Other liabilities  ............................................................................. 
4,029 
9,637 
131 
(3,230) 
Income tax paid  ............................................................................ 
(1,151) 
(647) 
(1,436) 
(1,291) 
Net cash flows from operating activities .................................... 
(2,082) 
29,579 
6,180 
(9,073) 
(Purchase) of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income* ................................................................. 
(19,405) 
(11,653) 
(11,892) 
(11,774) 
Sale and maturity of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income* ................................................................. 
5,350 
3,209 
3,640 
9,038 
Cash proceeds from the sale of property and equipment and 
intangible assets ............................................................................ 
435 
485 
982 
1,525 
(Acquisition) of property and equipment and intangible assets ..... 
(124) 
(154) 
(949) 
(895) 
Dividends received  ....................................................................... 
2 
3 
8 
4 
Net cash flows from investment activities .................................. 
(13,742) 
(8,110) 
(8,211) 
(2,102) 
 
 
 
 
 
Dividends paid .............................................................................. 
(8,923) 
(6,662) 
(6,662) 
(3,299) 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost – issue of debt securities..... 
24,517 
504 
13 283 
16,408 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost – repayment of issued debt 
securities........................................................................................ 
(750) 
(1,124) 
(2,848) 
(3,007) 
(Payment) of Lease liabilities ........................................................ 
(179) 
181 
(428) 
(362)

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
Net cash flows from financial activities ..................................... 
14,665 
(7,101) 
3,345 
9,740 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash balances at the beginning of the period ............ 
7,086 
5,772 
5,772 
7,207 
Cash and cash balances at the end of the period ...................... 
5,927 
20,140 
7,086 
5,772 
Interest received ............................................................................ 
15,000 
10,973 
23,221 
15,347 
Interest paid ................................................................................... 
6,647 
(3,213) 
(8,941) 
(2,625) 
 
* In order to better express the nature of the amounts on the line “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
other financial instruments”, the Issuer decided to include part of this line represented by Other financial instruments in cash flows from 
operating activities and adjust the comparative period. The remaining part in cash flows from investment activities representing by financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income was divided between cash flows caused by purchase and sale and maturity.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The following description of the Issuer sets out selected consolidated financial information relating to the Issuer. 
Unless stated otherwise, all such financial information has been extracted from the financial statements of the 
Issuer incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Overview 
The Issuer is a universal bank providing retail, commercial and investment banking services mainly in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia for domestic and foreign customers.  
The Issuer was incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Czech Republic on 1 January 1996 
for an indefinite period and is registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, 
File No. B 3608. The Issuer’s identification number is 649 48 242 and its registered office is at Želetavská 1525/1, 
140 92 Prague 4, Czech Republic, its telephone number is +420 955 911 111, its fax number +420 221 112 132, 
its email address info@unicreditgroup.cz and its internet address www.unicreditbank.cz. The LEI of the Issuer is 
KR6LSKV3BTSJRD41IF75. 
The Issuer is the fourth largest bank and financial services provider in the Czech Republic, based on its balance 
sheet sum of CZK 766.4 billion (according to the Issuer’s data and the CNB’s ARAD database as of 31 December 
2022). Based on its balance sheet sum of CZK 693.5 billion, the Issuer is the largest bank in Slovakia (according 
to the Issuer’s data and the statistics database of the NBS as of 31 December 2021). The Issuer, together with its 
direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Group), offers a wide range of banking and financial services to both private 
and corporate clients. Headquartered in Prague, as of 30 June 2023, the Issuer operated a wide network of 104 
branches (104 as of 31 December 2022) and 411 ATMs (412 as of 31 December 2022) throughout the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia. As of 30 June 2023, the Group had 3,180 employees on a consolidated basis (3,185 as of 
31 December 2022). 
The Issuer holds a universal banking licence and offers services to retail clients, small enterprises, medium-sized 
enterprises, large corporate customers, as well as institutional and public sector clients and high net worth 
individuals. Key products and services offered by the Issuer include bank accounts, credit and debit cards, 
corporate and consumer loans, real estate, export and project finance, private banking and investment banking 
products. Through its subsidiaries, the Issuer further provides additional services such as factoring products, 
leasing and instalment sales, mediation of services and sales, real estate activities including purchase, sale, lease 
and administration, or consumer and commercial loans. 
As a member of the UniCredit Group, one of the largest European banking groups, the Issuer can take advantage 
of the UniCredit Group’s wide network when offering products and services outside of the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia. 
The Issuer’s business activities are divided into three primary operating segments, differentiated by the scope and 
nature of products and services they offer. These segments are:  
(a) 
the corporate and investment banking segment, together with lease (the Corporate and Investment 
Banking Segment), which consists of the corporate banking and investment banking divisions and lease; 
(b) 
the private and retail banking segment (the Private and Retail Banking Segment), which consists of 
the retail banking and private banking divisions; and  
(c) 
the other business segment (the Other Business Segment).  
The table below provides key financial data for the Issuer’s segments for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 
2022 and the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021:  
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
2023 
2022(1) 
2023 
2022(1) 
 
Net interest and 
dividend income 
Profit (loss) before 
tax 
Net profit (loss) (2) 
 
(in CZK millions)

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
Segment ...................................................  
6,342 
5,304 
6,919 
5,584 
6,919 
5,584 
Private and Retail Banking Segment .......  
2,610 
2,444 
844 
831 
844 
831 
Other Business Segment ..........................  
(1,405) 
(43) 
(1,432) 
(882) 
(2,514) 
(1,982) 
Total .......................................................  
7,547 
7,705 
6,331 
5,533 
5,249 
4,433 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
In the first half of 2022, the Group adjusted the segments classification. In accordance with IFRS 8 Operating segments, the 
values reported in the Segment Information by client category as of 30 June 2021 were restated in order to maintain the 
comparability of the reported values. 
(2) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for the Corporate and Investment Banking segment and the Private and Retail Banking 
segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business Segment table (see section “Business 
Overview of the Issuer - Other Business Segment” below). 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
Net interest and 
dividend income 
Profit (loss) before 
tax 
Net profit (loss) (1) 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
Segment ...................................................  
11,199 
8,309 
10,783 
7,874 
10,783 
7,874 
Private and Retail Banking Segment .......  
5,008 
3,205 
2,977 
495 
2,977 
495 
Other Business Segment ..........................  
(1,615) 
1,471 
(2,598) 
471 
(4,632) 
(1,388) 
Total .......................................................  
14,592 
12,985 
(11,162) 
8,840 
9,128 
6,981 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for the Corporate and Investment Banking segment and the Private and Retail Banking 
segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business Segment table (see section “Business 
Overview of the Issuer - Other Business Segment” below). 
As of 30 June 2023, the total assets of the Group were CZK 999.1 billion compared to CZK 955.4 billion as of 30 
June 2022 (CZK 766.4 billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 10.5 per cent. from CZK 693.5 billion as 
of 31 December 2021), the Issuer had CZK 706.5 billion (CZK 503.4 billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase 
of 7.1 per cent. from CZK 470.2 billion as of 31 December 2021) of customer deposits and CZK 564.1 billion 
(CZK 537.1 billion as of 31 December 2022, an increase of 11.1 per cent. from CZK 483.3 billion as of 31 
December 2021) of outstanding customer loans.  
The Issuer aims to maintain its financial stability through a strong capital base, with its common equity tier 1 
(CET1) ratio amounting to 23.06 per cent. and its total capital ratio amounting to 23.1 per cent. (both according 
to Basel III phase-in rules) as of 31 December 2022. As of 30 June 2023, the Issuer’s ratio of the common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) was 22.0 per cent. and its total capital ratio amounted to 22.1 per cent. 
As of 30 June 2023, the LCR of the Issuer stood at 140 per cent. (144 per cent. as of 30 June 2022) and the NSFR 
of the Issuer stood at 139 per cent. (139 per cent. as of 30 June 2022). Cost of risk of the Group stood at 0.04 per 
cent. as of 30 June 2023 (0.29 per cent. as of 30 June 2022) and the total net write-downs on loans reached CZK  
-102.4 million as of 30 June 2023 (CZK -711.6 million as of 30 June 2022). 
The Group’s return on allocated capital (ROAC) stood at 19.9 per cent. as of 30 June 2023 (16.8 per cent. as of 
30 June 2022). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital amounts to CZK 8,754,617,898 and has been 
fully paid up. The Issuer’s shares have not been admitted to trading on a regulated market and are all registered 
in the central securities depository. The Issuer has not issued any shares providing their holders a right to exchange 
such shares for other shares or a right to priority subscription of other shares. The Issuer’s shares are freely 
transferrable. No consent of any of the company’s body is required for their transfer or pledge to become effective. 
Voting rights pertaining to these shares are in no way limited. 
The Issuer has won a number of prestigious awards for a variety of its products and services. In 2020, the Issuer 
was awarded the Best Corporate Bank in the Czech Republic award by the Global Banking & Finance Awards 
and International Business Magazine. The Issuer has also won the Account of the Year category in the completion 
of a Czech portal Finparáda. The Smart Banking mobile application was awarded by Scott & Rose as the best 
banking application in the category of user availability in 2020. For several consecutive years (including 2020

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
and 2021), the Issuer holds the title of Best Sub-Custodian Bank from Global Finance and the best position in the 
Trade Finance and Cash Management Survey of Euromoney Magazine.  
UniCredit Group was recognised by Capital Finance International Magazine as the Best Social Impact Bank in 
Europe in 2020 as well as in 2021. In 2022, for the sixth consecutive year, the UniCredit Group received the Top 
Employers Institute certification for fulfilling its obligations to its employees and for building an inspiring work 
environment. 
In the conduct of its activities, the Issuer is primarily governed by Czech and Slovak law, in particular the Czech 
Banking Act, the Czech Business Corporations Act, the Czech Capital Markets Act, the Slovak Banking Act, the 
Slovak Securities Act, Slovak Act No. 513/1991 Coll., the Commercial Code, as amended, and other Czech and 
Slovak laws and regulations governing operations in the banking and capital markets. 
History and Development of the Issuer 
Although the UniCredit Group launched its activities in the Czech market on 5 November 2007, the entity today 
called UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia a.s. (i.e., the Issuer) was incorporated on 1 January 1996 
(then with the business name Vereinsbank (CZ) a.s.). The Issuer was created through the merger of HVB Bank 
Czech Republic a.s. and Živnostenská banka, a.s. The assets of the dissolved company Živnostenská banka, a.s. 
were assumed by the successor company, HVB Bank Czech Republic a.s., as a result of the merger. The effective 
date of the merger was 1 October 2006.  
HVB Bank Czech Republic a.s. was established by the merger of HypoVereinsbank CZ a.s. and Bank Austria 
Creditanstalt Czech Republic, a.s., without liquidation, on 1 October 2001. All rights and obligations of the 
dissolved company Bank Austria Creditanstalt Czech Republic, a.s. were assumed by HVB Bank Czech Republic 
a.s. The change of name, amount of issued capital and other facts connected with the merger were recorded in the 
commercial register on 1 October 2001. HVB Bank Czech Republic, a.s. became a member of the UniCredit Bank 
Austria AG’s (Bank Austria) group in 2005. 
Živnostenská banka was established in 1868 as a bank oriented toward financing small and medium-sized Czech 
enterprises. It was the first bank founded in Austria-Hungary exclusively with Czech capital. In 1945, it was 
nationalised, as were other banks. From 1950 to 1956, it still existed as a legal entity but its activities were 
significantly restricted. On the day of its entry in the Commercial Register, on 1 March 1992, Živnostenská banka 
assumed authorization to operate as a bank on the basis of, among others, the Czech Banking Act and Government 
Resolution No. 1 dated 9 January 1992, by which the privatization of Živnostenská banka was approved. In 
February 2003, the bank UniCredito Italiano SpA completed the acquisition of an 85.2 per cent. share in the issued 
capital of Živnostenská banka, a.s. from Bankgesellschaft Berlin AG, and thus the oldest Czech bank became part 
of the UniCredito Italiano Group. 
On 1 December 2013, a cross-border merger through an amalgamation of the Issuer (as the successor company 
named UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.) and UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s., which was thereby 
wound up, became effective. The decisive date was 1 July 2013. The merger integrated the business activities of 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic, a.s. and UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s., previously performed by two independent 
entities, meaning that following the completion of the merger, the Issuer performs activities previously undertaken 
by UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. on the territory of Slovakia through its organisational branch UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., pobočka zahraničnej banky (branch of a foreign bank). 
On 14 February 2014, the Issuer purchased all shares in UniCredit Leasing CZ, a.s. (UniCredit Leasing CZ) and 
further 71.3 per cent. of shares in UniCredit Leasing Slovakia, a.s. (UniCredit Leasing SK) (resulting in a total 
ownership interest of 91.2 per cent.) from UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. for a total acquisition price of CZK 3.21 
billion. The sale occurred as part of the reorganization within the Group. The 91.2 per cent. of shares in UniCredit 
Leasing SK were subsequently transferred as a non-monetary contribution to the registered capital of UniCredit 
Leasing CZ. The purpose of the acquisition of UniCredit Leasing CZ was primarily to extend an offer of financial 
services to clients of the Issuer and UniCredit Leasing CZ through the creation of a new service model based on 
client approach from one place.  
On 20 January 2015, the Issuer completed the acquisition of 100 per cent. of shares in Transfinance, a.s. The entity 
was acquired from a person outside the UniCredit Group. In May 2015, the name Transfinance, a.s. was changed 
to UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
In January 2015, UniCredit Leasing Real Estate s.r.o. was merged into UniCredit Leasing SK. CAC Real Estate, 
s.r.o., owned by UniCredit Leasing CZ was sold outside the UniCredit Group in June 2015. In March 2016, BACA 
Leasing Gama s.r.o. was sold as well, followed by the sale of CA-Leasing EURO, s.r.o., in February 2017. In 
February 2016, INPROX Poprad, spol. s r.o. and INPROX SR I., spol. s r.o were merged into UniCredit Leasing 
SK. Subsequently, INPROX Chomutov, s.r.o. and INPROX Kladno, s.r.o. were merged into UniCredit Leasing 
CZ in August 2016. 
During the year 2021, the assets of the defunct company BACA Leasing Alfa s.r.o. were transferred to UniCredit 
Leasing CZ as the successor company because of the intra-national amalgamation as of 1 January 2021.  
In 2022, the assets of the defunct company HVB Leasing Czech Republic s.r.o. were transferred to UniCredit 
Leasing CZ, a.s. as the successor company because of the intra-national amalgamation as of 1 January 2022. 
Corporate Changes 
Minority shareholders’ squeeze out 
On 1 June 2016, the general meeting of the Issuer (the General Meeting) decided on the squeeze-out of the 
Issuer’s minority shareholders, based on a request by its former majority shareholder Bank Austria. Pursuant to 
the resolution, all shares in the Issuer owned by persons other than Bank Austria, corresponding to approx. 0.04 
per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital, were transferred onto Bank Austria, in exchange for compensation to be 
paid by Bank Austria to the minority shareholders. In September 2016, Bank Austria was registered in the 
Commercial Register as the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Reorganization of the UniCredit Group  
On 11 November 2015, UniCredit S.p.A. announced its so-called “2018 strategic plan” in which it communicated 
its financial targets and contemplated measures to achieve such financial targets. These include, among others, 
the elimination of Bank Austria’s function as sub-holding of the CEE subsidiaries, including the Issuer, with 
UniCredit S.p.A. assuming direct control of such subsidiaries by the end of 2016. 
The restructuring was achieved through a demerger of the business operations and subsidiaries of Bank Austria 
in CEE, including, among others, the Issuer, UniCredit Bank a. d. Banja Luka, UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt., 
UNICREDIT BANK S. A., UniCredit Bank Serbia JSC, UniCredit Banka Slovenija d. d. and UniCredit Bulbank 
AD, into a special purpose vehicle and the subsequent cross-border merger of this special purpose vehicle into 
UniCredit S.p.A. The reorganization following the completion of the demerger and merger became effective as 
of 1 October 2016. Consequently the Issuer ceased to be a subsidiary of Bank Austria and became a direct 
subsidiary of UniCredit S.p.A. 
Recent Events Particular to the Issuer 
The Issuer fulfils all its debts duly and on time. The Issuer is not aware of any recent events specific to it that 
would be of significant importance in assessing the Issuer’s solvency. 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer was assigned rating A3 with a negative outlook by Moody’s.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
Group Structure 
The table below provides an overview of the Group structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group comprises the Issuer and 11 subsidiaries and one associate. 
The following table provides an overview of companies that are consolidated in the financial statements as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Group Entity 
Country 
Business Activity 
Parent Company 
Ownership 
Interest 
 
 
 
 
(per cent.) 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and 
Slovakia, a.s. ........................................ 
CZ 
Factoring 
Issuer 
100.0 
UniCredit Leasing CZ .......................... 
CZ 
Leasing 
Issuer 
100.0 
UniCredit Fleet Management s.r.o. ...... 
CZ 
Lease of motor 
vehicles 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit pojišťovací makléřská spol. 
s.r.o. ...................................................... 
CZ 
Mediation of 
services 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o.(1)  ........... 
CZ 
Financing of 
motor vehicles 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
50.0 
ALLIB Leasing s.r.o............................. 
CZ 
Real estate project 
company 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
CA-Leasing OVUS s.r.o. ...................... 
CZ 
Real estate project 
company 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit Leasing SK. ......................... 
SK 
Leasing 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit Fleet Management s.r.o. ...... 
SK 
Lease of motor 
vehicles 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
100.0 
UniCredit S . p . A . 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia ,  a . s . 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and  
Slovakia ,  a . s . 
UniCredit Leasing CZ ,  a . s . 
UniCredit Leasing Slovakia a . s . 
UniCredit Fleet Management s . r . o 
  
100 % 
UniCredit poji šťovací makléřská spol .  s r . o . 
  
100 % 
RCI Financial Services ,  s . r . o . 
  50  % 
ALLIB Leasing s . r . o . 
  
100 % 
   
  
100 % 
CA Leasing OVUS s.r.o. 
    
  
     
 
  
UniCredit Fleet Management s . r . o . 
100  % 
UniCredit Broker ,  s . r . o . 
100  % 
UniCredit Leasing Insurance Services ,  s . r . o . 
  
100 % 
  
100 % 
  
100 % 
  
100 % 
  
100 %

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
UniCredit Broker, s.r.o. ........................ 
SK 
Mediation of 
services 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
100.0 
UniCredit Leasing Insurance Services, 
s.r.o. ...................................................... 
SK 
Mediation of 
services 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
100.0 
_____ 
Notes: 
(1) 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o. is an associate that is consolidated using the equity method. The Group holds 49.9 per cent. of 
voting rights and does not exercise control over this entity. 
The following table provides an overview of the key direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus:  
 
Subsidiary 
Description 
UniCredit 
Factoring 
Czech Republic and 
Slovakia, a.s. 
Principal activity is the provision of factoring services, the purpose of which is to 
finance, collect and secure short-term receivables of clients from various industry 
segments whereby the services are intended primarily for small and medium sized 
companies. 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
Principal activities include leases and instalment sale, primarily brand vehicle 
financing, credit financing in the area of corporate loans, and operating leasing for 
businesses and private individuals. 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
Principal activities include leases and instalment sale for businesses and private 
individuals in the area of automobile vehicles, technology, machinery and real 
estate. Through its subsidiaries, it also provides fleet management services and 
operating leasing as well as insurance brokerage. 
Slovak Branch of the Issuer 
As a result of the cross-border merger of the Issuer and the former UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. on 1 December 
2013 (see section History and Development of the Issuer above), the Issuer assumed business activities previously 
conducted by UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. and has been operating and offering banking services in Slovakia 
through its organisational branch UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., pobočka zahraničnej banky 
(branch of a foreign bank).  
Pursuant to the Slovak Banking Act, the Issuer offers banking services in Slovakia on the basis of its Czech 
banking license granted by the CNB. 
The purpose of the cross-border merger of the Czech and Slovak banks was to create a stronger entity which 
would do business on both markets, benefiting from cost synergies, more balanced capital structure and optimised 
liquidity management.

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
Sole Shareholder  
As a result of the restructuring of the UniCredit Group, as of 1 October 2016, the Issuer became a direct subsidiary 
of UniCredit S.p.A. (see section Corporate Changes - Reorganization of the UniCredit Group above for more 
information).  
UniCredit S.p.A. is incorporated under Italian law, with its registered office at Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 
20154 Milano, Italy. LEI of UniCredit S.p.A. is 549300TRUWO2CD2G5692. It is a universal bank, a financial 
services provider and the parent company of the UniCredit Group. It offers banking and financial services for 
families, individuals and corporate clients, such as accounts, loans, mortgages, investments, financial advices and 
insurances products. It operates through its numerous subsidiaries across multiple countries, such as Italy, 
Germany, Central Europe and Eastern Europe. Its shares are listed and traded on the Milan Stock Exchange, the 
Warsaw Stock Exchange and Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The following table shows the overview of shareholders 
of UniCredit S.p.A. holding at least 3 per cent. of the shares: 
 
 
Shareholders of UniCredit S.p.A 
Shares as of 3 April 2023 
 
 
(in per cent.) 
1. 
BlackRock Group .........................................  
5.921 
2. 
Allianz Group ...............................................  
3.587 
UniCredit S.p.A.’s business is divided into four coverage divisions: (i) Italy, (ii) Germany, (iii) Central Europe 
and (iv) Eastern Europe. The Issuer is part of the Central Europe division. 
As the Issuer’s sole shareholder, UniCredit S.p.A. exercises control over the Issuer who must therefore comply, 
subject to applicable law, with relevant directives issued by UniCredit S.p.A. The Issuer uses standard statutory 
mechanisms to prevent UniCredit S.p.A’s potential misuse of its position and control over the Issuer, including 
the statutory instrument of the report on relations between the related entities. The Issuer is not a party to a 
controlling contract or a contract for the transfer of profits. The Issuer is not aware of any agreements that could 
lead to a change of control over the Issuer. 
UniCredit Group 
The Issuer is part of the UniCredit Group, one of the largest European banking groups with a focus on Austria, 
Germany and Italy as well as CEE including the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The UniCredit Group and its parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. act as a universal banking and financial services provider, offering its products to retail, 
corporate and institutional clients in both Western Europe and CEE. As of 31 December 2022, the UniCredit 
Group operated in 13 core markets and had 3,175 branches and 75,040 full-time employees (according to data of 
UniCredit S.p.A. presented in its annual consolidated report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
In the years 2016-2019, the UniCredit Group successfully implemented its Transform 2019 plan, the main 
objective of which was to streamline the UniCredit Group and strengthen its capital position through business 
innovation, digital transformation, consistent risk management, transparent corporate governance and key banking 
initiatives, all with a positive impact on society based on an ethical approach and respect. 
After the successful implementation of the Transform 2019 plan, UniCredit Group followed with a strategic Multi-
Year-Plan “Team 23” in December 2019. The plan covers the period 2020-23. Focal points of the plan are 
expansion and strengthening of the client franchise (further improvement of the client experience), transformation 
and maximization of productivity, disciplined risk management and controls and a strong focus on capital and 
balance sheet management. 
In December 2021, the Board of Directors of UniCredit S.p.A. presented a new strategic plan for 2022-2024 called 
UniCredit Unlocked. The goal is to implement reunited client segments, a harmonized service model and 
simplified processes across 4 regions (Italy, Germany, Central Europe and Eastern Europe) using a common 
organizational structure for the entire UniCredit Group, as well as unification of the technology and data platform. 
The contemporary history of the UniCredit Group started with the merger of nine leading Italian banks, the 
subsequent integration with the German HVB Group and, most recently, with the Italian Capitalia. In 1999, the 
acquisition of Bank Pekao of Poland started the UniCredit Group’s expansion (at that time under the name 
UniCredito Italiano) into CEE that continued over the next years through, among others, the purchase of the

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
Pioneer Investments Group, the subsequent formation of Pioneer Global Asset Management, and further strategic 
acquisitions gradually carried out in Bulgaria, Slovakia, Croatia, Romania, the Czech Republic and Turkey. 
During 2017, most of the stake held in Bank Pekao was sold to a third party and therefore Bank Pekao in Poland 
was excluded from the UniCredit Group. In addition, the investment branch of Pioneer Investments was sold. 
With the new owner of Pioneer Investments, the Amundi Group, the UniCredit Group has entered into a strategic 
partnership in relation to the distribution network covering Italy, Germany and Austria. 
The Issuer is not dependent on other members of the UniCredit Group, however, there are certain mutual ties and 
connections among the UniCredit Group members, established mainly through numerous refinancing 
arrangements, competence centres for individual business segments to which the Issuer has access, cross-holdings, 
implementation of group-wide IT systems, mutually shared products and standards, as well as through funding 
measures regarding the capital of the Issuer. 
Business Overview of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a universal provider of banking and financial products and services, including retail, commercial as 
well as investment banking, in CZK and foreign currencies for both domestic and foreign clients. The Issuer 
operates mainly in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, but is active also in other EU countries, taking advantage of 
the wide network of the UniCredit Group.  
The Issuer’s business activities include banking transactions and provision of financial services including 
primarily: 
 
• 
receiving deposits from the 
public; 
• 
operating 
a 
system 
of 
payments and clearing; 
• 
providing 
depository 
services 
for 
investment 
funds; 
• 
providing loans; 
• 
opening letters of credit; 
• 
conducting foreign currency 
exchange activities; 
• 
investing in securities on its 
own behalf; 
• 
conducting 
financial 
brokerage; 
• 
providing 
banking 
information; 
• 
administering 
cash 
collection; 
• 
issuing mortgage covered 
bonds; 
• 
renting safe-deposit boxes; 
• 
issuing and administration 
of payment products; 
• 
participating 
in 
share 
subscriptions and providing 
related services; 
• 
providing 
depository 
services and administration 
of securities; and 
• 
providing guarantees; 
• 
managing 
securities, 
including 
portfolio 
management, on behalf of 
clients; 
• 
trading on its own behalf or 
on behalf of clients in 
foreign-exchange currency 
products; 
forward 
and 
option contracts, including 
foreign currency and interest 
rate contracts; and with 
transferable securities. 
Through its subsidiaries and associated companies, the Issuer also provides the following types of services: 
 
• 
lease and instalment sale of 
cars, 
machinery 
and 
equipment; 
• 
purchase, sale and lease of 
real estate; 
• 
operating leasing of cars 
(including full-service and 
fleet administration), trucks, 
machinery and equipment;

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
• 
consumer and commercial 
loans 
granted 
for 
the 
purchase of cars, machinery 
and equipment; 
• 
real estate administration 
and maintenance; 
• 
real estate activities;  
• 
insurance mediation and 
distribution for leased and 
non-leased assets; and 
• 
lease 
to 
own 
(lease 
purchase); 
• 
mediation of services and 
sales; 
• 
factoring. 
The Issuer operates through three principal business segments: the Corporate and Investment Banking Segment, 
the Private and Retail Banking Segment and the Other Business Segment. 
Corporate and Investment Banking Segment 
The Issuer’s Corporate and Investment Banking Segment serves a broad spectrum of customers including small 
and medium-sized enterprises (companies with an annual turnover between CZK 10 and 250 million) (SME), 
medium enterprises (companies with an annual turnover between CZK 250 million and 2.5 billion), corporate 
clients (companies with an annual turnover above CZK 2.5 billion), international clients (multinational SME 
enterprises), financial institutions (insurance companies, pension funds and other non-bank financial institutions), 
real estate financing (developers and investors in commercial and residential real estate), public administration 
(regions, cities, municipalities and associations of municipalities) and agriculture (farmers, biogas plants and 
subsidy programmes). With effect from 1 January 2022, in accordance with the group-wide strategy of the 
UniCredit Group, it was decided to transfer clients with an annual turnover of between CZK 10 and 25 million to 
the Private and Retail Banking Segment. 
Key services and products offered in the Issuer’s Corporate and Investment Banking Segment are: corporate and 
investment banking, credit transactions, financing commercial real estate, project financing and structured 
financing, trade and export financing, documentary transactions, treasury and custody services, asset management, 
EU funds (consulting and payment), maintaining accounts and deposits, payment systems, electronic banking, 
direct banking, SWIFT services, cash pooling, payment cards, card acquiring, European commodity clearing, 
comprehensive management of client assets, including portfolio management, comprehensive factoring services, 
strategic advisory for capital market investments and open architecture of investment products. The Issuer’s 
subsidiaries further offer comprehensive leasing and factoring services including domestic factoring and export. 
The table below outlines key financial data for the Issuer’s Corporate and Investment Banking Segment for the 
six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Net interest and dividend income ............................  
6,342 
5,304 
11,199 
8,309 
Net fee, commission income and other net income 
2,886 
3,037 
5,844 
5,523 
Depreciation/impairment losses of property and 
equipment and intangible assets ..............................  
(88) 
(86) 
(173) 
(203) 
Impairment loss .......................................................  
239 
(100) 
(1,553) 
(1,269) 
Segment expenses ...................................................  
(2,460) 
(2,571) 
(4,534) 
(4,381) 
Profit before tax.......................................................  
6,619 
5,584 
10,783 
7,874 
Income tax(2) ............................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Result of segment ...................................................  
6,619 
5,584 
10,783 
7,874 
Segment assets (end of period) ................................  
783,191 
739,323 
558,726 
507,265 
Segment liabilities (end of period) ..........................  
543,048 
556,638 
423,599 
365,112 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
In the first half of 2022, the Group adjusted the segments classification. In accordance with IFRS 8 Operating segments, the 
values reported in the Segment Information by client category as of 30 June 2021 were restated in order to maintain the 
comparability of the reported values. 
(2) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for this segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business 
Segment table (see section Business Overview of the Issuer – Other Business Segment below).

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
Corporate Banking 
The Issuer’s corporate banking division offers tailored financial services to large national and international 
corporate clients, financial institutions, public institutions and institutional real estate customers. It provides a 
complete range of commercial banking services and finance products together with access to one of the largest 
networks of banks in CEE, as well as to branches of the UniCredit Group in major financial centres worldwide. 
The Issuer’s activities in this division include, among other things, structured and project finance, syndications, 
real-estate finance, trade finance and investment advisory. The Issuer provides additional services to its corporate 
customers including working capital financing, a variety of domestic and international non-cash credit line 
facilities, such as letters of credit and guarantees, cash management and insurance services. 
In 2021, a dedicated ESG team was established within the Industry Expertise Center, focusing its attention on the 
development of activities in the area of sustainable, environmental and socially beneficial financing. This is a 
particularly important area that the Issuer wants to further develop. This is one of the Issuer's obligations as a 
socially responsible company. 
The Issuer also provides project financing and real estate financing, where the main source of repayment is the 
future cash-flow from the relevant investment. This type of financing involves the preparation of a business plan 
of the investment that is to bring to the investor a real and predictable future income ensuring the requested return 
on investment. 
The Issuer holds strong position in real estate and infrastructure projects. Loans are provided especially for the 
purpose of (i) investment acquisition, (ii) development, (iii) upgrade, reconstruction and revitalisation or (iv) 
refinancing of outstanding liabilities. Real estate financing is focused in particular on (i) commercial real estate, 
(ii) residential real estate and (iii) land with planning permission for new development. Aside from real estate, 
financing is also provided to (i) industrial and manufacturing units (such as production lines), (ii) energy plants 
(such as small hydroelectric or wind plants) and (iii) public infrastructure. In line with the Issuer’s long-term 
strategy the Issuer’s main focus is on developing its position in the SME/ICC (international corporate customer) 
segment. 
The Issuer’s trade and export activities include (i) bank guarantees and other documentary services and 
(ii) structured trade and export finance. The Issuer’s clients within these product lines include importers and 
exporters in the large corporate and SME segments. As part of its trade and export finance activities, the Issuer 
issues and processes bank guarantees, counter-guarantees and letters of credit (including forfeiting of receivables 
under letters of credit issued by other banks) and also extends export credits under the Export Credit Agencies (in 
Czech, Exportní garanční a pojišťovací společnost, a.s. or in Slovak, Exportno-importná banka Slovenskej 
republiky) insurance cover to foreign importers mainly out of the CEE region. 
The Issuer provides factoring products mainly through its wholly-owned subsidiary UniCredit Factoring Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (see below). 
Investment Banking 
The Issuer’s investment banking division provides capital market services and investment banking solutions. 
In particular, this division provides derivative and foreign currency operations, capital market activities, such as 
securities underwriting for clients, securities trading on various regulated and over-the-counter markets, 
investment advisory and consulting on mergers and acquisitions. 
Leasing 
The Issuer provides leasing products mainly through its wholly-owned subsidiary UniCredit Leasing CZ, one of 
the two biggest non-banking financing companies in the Czech Republic with the market share of 11.7 per cent. 
as of September 2022, according to the data of UniCredit Leasing CZ (on a consolidated basis including its 
subsidiaries). The leasing products offered include basic credit financing, financial leasing, operational leasing 
and insurance on financed items, such as passenger cars, commercial vehicles, trucks, transport equipment, 
machinery and technology.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
In 2022, UniCredit Leasing CZ, based on consolidated results (including its subsidiaries in both Czech and Slovak 
markets), financed movable and immovable property in a total volume exceeding CZK 20 billion with year-on 
year increase of 1.2 per cent. In 2022, the number of newly concluded contracts reached almost 21,000 and new 
clients accounted for 40 per cent. of all these contracts. 
The total financed value of passenger cars and utility vehicles up to 3.5 tonnes decreased by 7.9 per cent. year-
on-year as of 31 December 2022, while the total market of new passenger cars and commercial vehicles in the 
Czech Republic, according to SDA statistics, went down by almost 8 per cent. year-on-year. In Slovakia, the total 
market of new passenger cars and commercial vehicles grew by less than 3 per cent. in the first 11 months of 
2022, according to ZAP statistics. The sale of freight transport equipment over 3.5 tonnes grew year-on-year 
together with the volume of new financed value, namely by 14 per cent. In the machinery and equipment segment 
the volumes of new deals grew by a total of 8.5 per cent.  
At the end of 2021, UniCredit Leasing CZ added the Yamaha brand under the YoU YAMAHA Finance name to 
its brand financing portfolio in the Czech and Slovak markets. UniCredit Leasing CZ also established cooperation 
with the Tesla brand concerning financing in the form of operating lease, which guarantees faster handling and 
simpler conditions for ordering and financing cars of Tesla brand. 
In 2022, UniCredit Leasing CZ confirmed its long-standing business partnership with the IVECO brand in the 
Czech Republic by signing a cooperation agreement, thus adding IVECO to its brand financing portfolio. In the 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, UniCredit Leasing CZ signed new cooperation agreements with Emil Frey Group 
for the FCA Group brands. UniCredit Leasing CZ also entered into cooperation agreements with the ISUZU brand 
in both markets. 
Over the last couple of years, the Issuer via UniCredit Leasing CZ also strengthened its position in the area of 
agro-financing and engineering, as well as in the innovative system solutions. In 2021 and 2020, the Issuer focused 
on growth in the area of automotive and the financing of machinery and facilities in particular. Throughout the 
year 2022, UniCredit Leasing CZ focused on improving its customer relationship management and internal CRM 
system as well as on retention activities, lead management and sales campaigns and improved and automated 
reporting and management of sales activities. UniCredit Leasing CZ completed an upgrade of its front-end system 
and has been involved in utilising multinational financial resources, such as the European Investment Bank, 
Council of Europe Development Bank and European Investment Fund guarantee programmes. At the end of 2022, 
UniCredit Leasing CZ completed product innovations focused on the financing of the agricultural sector, 
electromobility and photovoltaic equipment. 
In the long-term, UniCredit Leasing CZ aims to maintain its leading position among the non-banking financing 
providers and continued long-standing cooperation with the Corporate Banking division and further 
systematically promote cooperation with the Issuer’s Retail division. 
At the end of the year, UniCredit Leasing CZ completed product innovations focused on financing the agricultural 
segment, electromobility and photovoltaic equipment, with the aim to promote new business opportunities in 
2023. 
Private and Retail Banking Segment 
The Issuer’s Private and Retail Banking Segment is responsible for the local customer business in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, including the so-called small businesses, i.e., freelancers and companies with annual 
turnover below CZK 10 million. 
The table below outlines key financial data for the Issuer’s Private and Retail Banking Segment for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Net interest and dividend income ............................  
2,610 
2,444 
5,008 
3,205 
Net fee, commission income and other net income 
742 
962 
1,737 
1,658 
Depreciation/impairment losses of property and 
equipment and intangible assets ..............................  
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
Impairment loss .......................................................  
(494) 
(588) 
(39) 
(790) 
Segment expenses ...................................................  
(2,014) 
(1,987) 
(3,729) 
(3,643) 
Profit before tax.......................................................  
844 
831 
2,977 
495 
Income tax(2) ............................................................  
- 
- 
 
- 
Result of segment ...................................................  
844 
831 
2,977 
495 
Segment assets (end of period) ................................  
199,574 
185,824 
190,860 
171,234 
Segment liabilities (end of period) ..........................  
311,076 
286,059 
221,858 
220,234 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
In the first half of 2022, the Group adjusted the segments classification. In accordance with IFRS 8 Operating segments, the 
values reported in the Segment Information by client category as of 30 June 2021 were restated in order to maintain the 
comparability of the reported values. 
(2) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for this segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business 
Segment table (see section Business Overview of the Issuer – Other Business Segment below). 
Retail Banking 
The Issuer’s retail banking division primarily provides the following services: providing accounts for individual 
clients, including the START, OPEN and TOP account, accounts for small enterprises, mortgage loans and 
consumer loans, including the PRESTO loan (the PRESTO Loan), overdrafts for private clients, insurance 
products (property insurance, life insurance and consumer protection insurance), internet, telephone and mobile 
banking, cash and money changing operations and supplementary services, payment cards including insurance 
(debit, credit and partner cards), operating, investment and mortgage loans for business clients, deposit, savings 
and investment products (the Issuer’s own or in co-operation with Amundi), comprehensive offer of banking 
products for private clients, comprehensive management of clients’ assets, including portfolio management and 
providing investment products on an open architecture basis. 
The Issuer provides mortgage loans to private individuals and commercial loans secured by properties in the 
Czech Republic and Slovakia. The volume of newly provided mortgages was record-breaking in 2022, whereas 
in December 2022, the average daily volume of residential mortgage loans provided amounted to CZK 148 billion. 
Some of the Issuer’s products are unique on the Czech mortgage market (such as a variable mortgage, an offset 
mortgage and a mortgage with the provision of real estate adviser services). The Issuer provides mortgages with 
fixed and floating interest rates, depending on the market situation and client demand. The Issuer focuses on 
providing standard mortgages by simple, fast and cost-efficient process. The strategy is to continue with overall 
growth of mortgage portfolio and to further simplify and digitalize the process. 
Private Banking 
The Issuer’s private banking division provides a comprehensive offer of banking and investment products for 
high-net-worth individuals (with total available assets above CZK 3 million, or EUR 100,000 in the case of the 
Issuer’s Slovak branch) and private foundations. Further, it acts as the Issuer’s competence centre for all asset 
management services. This division is also involved in creating structured products and offering brokerage 
services for active investors. 
The Issuer’s private banking division is based on a controlled open-fund architecture, which is a unique concept, 
through which the Issuer provides its private banking clients with access to investment solutions from the entire 
UniCredit Group, but also to selected funds in given categories offered by the Issuer’s partner companies selected 
by a team of international experts for the Issuer’s private clients.  
In addition, the Issuer continues to confirm its strong position in structured investment products. The Issuer has 
offered several dozens of such products in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The interest rate environment has 
also enabled the return of 100 per cent. capital-protected products, with which the Issuer has reached clients in all 
retail banking segments. When selecting innovative underlying assets or investment themes, the Issuer always 
tries to bring in the sustainability (ESG) theme.  
Within the private banking segment, the Issuer continues to apply the open architecture principle, where the Issuer 
offers clients a wide range of investment products of preferred partners with whom the Issuer has established 
long-term cooperation. The Issuer is continuously expanding the Private Invest wealth management app with 
additional features and functionality. This app is designed exclusively for private clients, enabling continuous 
monitoring of their securities portfolio, secure communication with bankers and active trading in select investment 
products.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
Other Business Segment 
This segment includes the profit and loss impacts of activities not directly linked to either the Corporate and 
Investment Banking Segment or the Private and Retail Banking Segment, so mostly the effects of management of 
assets and liabilities (i.e., liquidity and interest rate mismatch). 
The table below outlines key financial data for the Issuer’s Other Business Segment for the six months ended 30 
June 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Net interest and dividend income ......................... 
(1,405) 
(43) 
(1,615) 
1,471 
Net fee, commission income and other net 
income .................................................................. 
127 
(594) 
(255) 
(325) 
Depreciation/impairment losses of property and 
equipment and intangible assets ........................... 
(741) 
(735) 
(1,466) 
(1,537) 
Impairment loss .................................................... 
75 
1 
(8) 
15 
Segment expenses ................................................ 
512 
489 
746 
807 
Profit before tax.................................................... 
(1,432) 
(882) 
(2,598) 
471 
Income tax(2) ......................................................... 
(1,082) 
(1,100) 
(2,034) 
(1,859) 
Result of segment ................................................ 
(2,514) 
(1,982) 
(4,632) 
(1,388) 
Segment assets (end of period) ............................. 
16,376 
30,239 
16,826 
14,965 
Segment liabilities (end of period) ....................... 
66,249 
37,038 
39,533 
26,237 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
In the first half of 2022, the Group adjusted the segments classification. In accordance with IFRS 8 Operating segments, the 
values reported in the Segment Information by client category as of 30 June 2021 were restated in order to maintain the 
comparability of the reported values. 
(2) 
The presented income tax is the aggregate amount of income tax for all the segments. 
Recent Product Development 
Provided below is an overview of recent development of products and services offered by the Issuer. 
New Corporate Products 
With regard to current trends and new approaches to serving corporate clients, in 2022, the Issuer continued in 
strengthening centres focused on remote and digital serving of clients from the segment of small and medium-
sized enterprises. Thanks to the use of modern technologies and simplified procedures, clients have the 
opportunity to handle their requirements from the comfort of home and without the need to visit a branch. At the 
same time, the Issuer maintains an individual approach and personal advice from experienced specialists in the 
field of corporate banking.  
As part of its operational set-up in 2022, the Issuer also focused on centralising selected support activities with 
the main goal of achieving more efficient use of internal capacities and ensuring better sharing of know-how 
within an increasingly complex banking environment. Centralisation primarily affected activities related to the 
KYC area and credit processes. An emphasis continued to be placed on the simplification, automation and 
digitisation of internal processes in the field of corporate banking. The changes were related to, for example, 
digital flow and document processing or further simplification of the credit process. 
Factoring 
In 2022, UniCredit Factoring achieved its best ever economic results since its establishment. In 2022, UniCredit 
Factoring purchased receivables in the amount of CZK 43.5 billion, which represents a year-on-year increase of 
23.4 per cent. The average annual financing volume increased by 22.8 per cent. to CZK 4.6 billion. This success 
is partly due to the high inflation rate and the rising nominal value of purchased receivables, but above all to 
record business activity. UniCredit Factoring has been particularly successful in acquiring new clients from among 
multinational companies, which often benefit from the advantages of non-recourse and recourse factoring. 
Excellent business results were also boosted by cooperation with FCI (Factor Chain International), technology 
companies and commercial insurers.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
As in previous years, UniCredit Factoring was able to maintain the quality of its loan portfolio and low operating 
costs in 2022. Profit before tax amounted to CZK 71.9 million, which corresponds to a year-on-year increase of 
15.2 per cent.  
In 2022, UniCredit Factoring continued to invest in the digitisation, automation and security of its information 
technology and computer infrastructure. In this area, UniCredit Factoring was able to transfer some activities from 
external suppliers to companies within UniCredit Group, thereby achieving significant cost savings and 
operational synergies. UniCredit Factoring has also started preparing for an upgrade of its core system, which 
should bring new functionalities to clients and improve their customer experience.  
Loans 
In 2022, one of the Issuer’s main goals was to increase the volume of loans, with an emphasis on the portfolio’s 
sound risk profile. The Issuer was particularly successful among large corporates, where it increased its loan 
volume by more than 21 per cent., thus continuing to strengthen its traditionally strong position in this group. The 
Issuer was also successful among the SMEs, where it continued to increase the volume of financing and the 
number of transactions. The goal was also to strengthen the Issuer’s position in the field of operational financing, 
where the Issuer continued to develop and innovate its product range, including its concept of consultancy in the 
area of managing its clients’ working capital. 
New Retail Products 
Since 2021, the Issuer has changed the portfolio of retail accounts. The new series of accounts replaces the U-
konto family of accounts and consists of the following accounts: START, OPEN and TOP. The START account 
offers all key transaction banking services: accounts, electronic payments, payment card and mobile and internet 
banking free of charge and without any conditions. The OPEN account brings an extension with unlimited 
withdrawals from ATMs and quality travel insurance, payment card insurance and insurance of personal 
belongings. The TOP account offers all the above services in a higher standard and is intended for premium 
clients. 
In both the Czech Republic and Slovakia, the Issuer offers four categories of loans as standard: refinancing or 
loan transfer, simple and fast non-purpose loans under special conditions for the Issuer's existing clients, non-
purpose loans in general and PRESTO housing loans. The Issuer's focus on products with excellent conditions for 
clients with a good credit history is long-term, and therefore this low-risk client segment is again the strongest 
segment in all loans drawn. 
The year 2021 was a year of strategic changes in digital solutions. A multi-channel OPEN concept gradually 
implemented for the purposes of the simplest possible client access to the Issuer through various channels, modern 
fast paperless processes in current accounts, consumer credit and, at the end of the year, mortgages. For all these 
products, the Issuer managed to considerably reduce processing time and improve customer experience. The new 
digital platform with these processes is the basis of the Issuer’s multi-channel approach. It can be used by the 
branch network, but clients can also open new account packages directly from the websites or take out consumer 
credit by calling the call centre. Further development of the platform will ensure that clients will be able to 
purchase products just as conveniently from home, via mobile phone, through the call centre and at a branch. At 
the same time, the Issuer continued to develop mobile banking. In Slovakia, the Issuer implemented a new version 
of the Smart Banking app with a considerably improved user interface, which has been used in the Czech Republic 
since the previous year. In both countries, the Issuer enabled clients to reactivate the banking app at any time 
without having to visit a branch or call the call centre. At the same time, a number of improvements and new 
features were added. All this led to a significant improvement in the evaluation of the Issuer’s mobile app by 
clients during the year 2021. 
In 2021, the Issuer joined the Banking Identity project. The aim was to support the rapid development of 
digitization in the Czech Republic by creating only one platform that will be easily understood by both the Issuer's 
clients and its business partners. A side effect of such a step is also the optimization of software development 
costs for both the Issuer and business partners (compared to a situation where there would be multiple platforms). 
With its entry into the Banking Identity project, the Issuer undertook to launch its services to its clients within one 
year at the latest. The implementation of individual parts of the required software is intensive as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
In 2022, the Issuer continued to implement its strategy based on the multichannel OPEN concept, which enables 
easy client access to banking services, as well as remote and paperless service in the areas of current account 
opening, consumer finance and mortgages. 
Mortgages 
The Issuer regularly receives awards for its products, for example the second place in the Finparáda.cz Financial 
Product of the Year survey. The Issuer continues to respond very flexibly to market demand regarding the products 
and processes. A product that offers the possibility of negotiating a loan agreement without a specific property 
has been a considerable success among clients who need to be sure that they will obtain the necessary credit and 
that their mortgage will subsequently be quickly drawn. The product works very simply, the Issuer undertakes to 
provide the client with a certain amount of financing and as soon as the client chooses his property, the Issuer 
verifies that the property meets the requirements as collateral for the loan. In the area of processes, the Issuer 
worked the most on the internal setting of processes, which enabled the processing of a record number of loans in 
2021 without significant effects on the processing time, even with a smaller number of processors. 
In the Czech Republic, after a record year in 2021, the Issuer observed two different half-years in 2022. During 
the first half of 2022, the Issuer reported average sales, which decreased in the second half of 2022 due to the 
introduction of ratio regulation (DTI/DSTI) by the CNB and a record rise in interest rates, with the average market 
rate reaching 6 per cent. at the end of the year 2022, twice as high compared to the beginning of the year 2022.  
In Slovakia, mortgage interest rates began to rise at the beginning of 2022 from a level below 1 per cent. p.a. even 
for a fixation period of 10 years, rising to 3-4 per cent. p.a. by the end of the year, depending on the length of 
fixation. Interest on new mortgages peaked in Slovakia in the second quarter of 2022, when clients sought to 
obtain mortgages at even lower interest rates. The average interest rate on the Issuer’s portfolio in Slovakia was 
thus 2 per cent. below the average interest rates on new loans at the end of the year 2022. 
Payment cards 
In 2020, the Issuer entered into a strategic agreement with Visa and replaced most of its payment card portfolio 
with new Visa cards with an innovative design and the latest technological features that enable safe and convenient 
use for daily payments. 
In 2021, the Issuer continued to implement product solutions and services that enable payment cards to be used 
by clients in the Internet environment and without the need to visit a branch. The Issuer introduced direct insertion 
of cards into ApplePay and GooglePay wallets and also added new card control functions in mobile banking to 
the existing ones, for example a function for displaying PIN. 
In 2023, the Issuer has taken substantial steps towards enabling its clients to use virtual cards directly in mobile 
banking.  
Insurance 
In 2020 and 2021, the Issuer, in cooperation with strategic partners Allianz and Generali, introduced new options 
for insurance of the ability to repay loan products in both Czech and Slovak markets and also introduced several 
unique unit-linked life insurance products – a life insurance with an investment component in attractive Amundi 
funds. During the year 2021, the Issuer also prepared two one-off unit-linked life insurance policies for its clients 
with an attractive structured underlying asset. After the successful introduction of a new variant of insurance of 
the ability to repay loan products with Generali in 2020 in the Czech Republic, the Issuer launched the sale of 
new packages, including unique coverage of serious diseases, in Slovakia. 
In 2022, the Issuer continued to improve its strategic partnership with Allianz and Generali, with whom the Issuer 
continues to develop a range of insurance products. Besides regular insurance products, the Issuer in cooperation 
with Allianz and Amundi offers, for example, regularly paid investment life insurance, which is life insurance 
with an investment component in exclusive Amundi funds.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
Recent Development of Distribution Channels 
Branches 
The Issuer permanently continues to improve its retail branches in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia to make 
the retail network more efficient and accommodating and to provide clients with more comfortable and better 
accessible services. Several branches of the Issuer have undergone complete renovation and selected branches 
have been merged in order to increase the efficiency of the Issuer’s branch network and its sustainability in terms 
of distance between branches. 
Thanks to the ongoing development and penetration in digital client service, the Issuer merged several branches 
in 2019 and 2020 and transformed 8 branches in Slovakia into so-called tied financial agents, which are similar 
to the successfully implemented concept of franchise outlets in the Czech Republic. 
In total, the Issuer operated a wide network of 104 branches and 412 ATMs throughout the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia as of 31 December 2022. In 2020, 18 branches were closed, partly due to the COVID-19 pandemic and 
partly as a result of efforts of the Issuer to communicate with its clients in a more modern and efficient way, 
especially through the Smart Banking mobile application. In 2021, 4 branches were closed. 
The Issuer currently does not intend to extend its network of traditional branches and intends to focus on digital 
distribution channels and new ways of serving its clients, which may result in further streamlining of the Issuer’s 
network of traditional branches.  
During 2022, there were no major organisational changes in the branch network. Renovation of selected points of 
sale and further installation of deposit ATMs in the Czech Republic and Slovakia continued. As a result of 
continued digitisation, the share of transactions at branches has consistently fallen below one per cent. 
The Issuer has agreed to form an ATM alliance under which clients who continue to require cash management of 
their funds will be able to withdraw (and later deposit) cash at all ATMs of the banks associated in this alliance 
from February 2023 under the same conditions. 
Digital channels 
The year 2021 was a year of strategic changes in the Issuer's digital solutions. Throughout the year, the Issuer 
gradually implemented modern, fast and paperless processes in the area of current accounts, consumer loans and 
mortgages. For all these products, the Issuer managed to significantly reduce processing time and improve the 
client experience. The new digital platform with these processes is the basis of the Issuer's multi-channel approach 
to retail banking. It can be used by the branch network, but clients can also open new account packages directly 
from the website, or they can arrange a consumer loan through the call centre and mobile application. Further 
development of the platform will ensure that clients will be able to purchase products just as conveniently from 
home, via mobile phone, at the call centre and at the branch. 
At the same time, the development of the mobile banking application continued. A new version of the Smart 
Banking application with a significantly improved user interface was implemented in Slovakia after having been 
operating in the Czech Republic since 2020. In both countries, the Issuer allowed clients to activate the banking 
application at any time without having to go to a branch or call a call centre. At the same time, a number of 
improvements and new features have been added. All this led to a significant improvement in the Issuer's mobile 
application rating from the clients during the year. 
In 2022, the Issuer continued to implement its strategy based on the multichannel OPEN concept, which enables 
easy client access to banking services, as well as remote and paperless service in the areas of current account 
opening, consumer finance and mortgages. The Issuer's clients can still contact the Issuer from the comfort of 
their home or work via its website, mobile app or the Issuer’s call centre. They can also use wide network of 
points of sale if needed. 
The Issuer's branches sold four times more products through the digital platform than in 2021, the platform saved 
1.4 million sheets of paper and tens of thousands of hours of work. Above all, however, clients began to purchase 
products digitally themselves on the website, in online banking or in the mobile app. At the end of 2022, the share

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
of these sales reached almost 30 per cent. Similarly, sales of loans through the call centre increased by more than 
50 per cent. compared to 2021. 
At the end of 2022, the Issuer's mobile banking achieved its best ever customer rating. This success is due to the 
addition of new functionalities that increase customer convenience, but also to the loyalty programme the Issuer 
added to the app and improved communication. Instead of traditional SMS, the Issuer's mobile app took over the 
role of a communication centre, which communicated millions of messages to clients during the year with various 
offers, discounts and campaigns. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer operates primarily in the Czech and Slovak markets and is present in all regions of the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia. It is a universal bank and offers services to both foreign and domestic retail clients, SMEs, large 
corporate customers, institutional clients, public sector clients and high net worth individuals, in both CZK, EUR 
and other foreign currencies. 
Competition 
The Issuer faces increasing competition in the banking and financial services market in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia. Such competition has become more intense as a result of the opening of the financial services market 
following the accession of the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the EU on 1 May 2004. The Issuer competes with 
a large number of other banks, financial services firms and a wide range of insurance companies. Moreover, many 
financial institutions in the Czech and Slovak markets are expanding the range of services they offer. 
Currently, the Czech and Slovak banking markets are highly concentrated. Although there are only a few 
competitors comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face increased competition 
from less established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more attractive interest or 
deposit rates or other aggressively-priced products to penetrate the market. Several low-cost banks primarily 
focused on providing internet-based banking services also operate on the Czech and Slovak banking markets.  
The Issuer’s principal competitors are Československá obchodní banka, a. s., Komerční banka, a.s., Česká 
spořitelna, a.s. and Raiffeisenbank, a.s. in the Czech Republic and Slovenská sporiteľňa, a.s., VÚB, a.s., Tatra 
banka, a.s. and Československá obchodná banka, a.s. in Slovakia.  
In addition, the year of 2021 marked a consolidation trend in the Czech banking sector, including (i) the acquisition 
of Equa Bank a.s. by Raiffeisen Bank International AG (through Raiffeisenbank a.s.), which closed on 1 July 
2021, (ii) the re-contracting of retail customers of ING Bank N.V. by Raiffeisenbank a.s., (iii) and the acquisition 
of Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot hypoteční banka a.s. by MONETA Money Bank, a.s. This 
trend was initially expected to carry forward into the year 2022, when the proposed acquisition of Air Bank, Czech 
and Slovak Home Credit and Benxy, PPF Group’s banking and consumer lending companies by MONETA 
Money Bank, a.s. was expected to take place, however the transaction was ultimately called off in May 2022. In 
September 2022, Banka CREDITAS a.s. has finalised the acquisition of Expobank CZ (renamed to Max banka 
a.s. in October 2022). In April 2023, Česká Spořitelna, Erste Group’s subsidiary in the Czech Republic, has 
completed the purchase of the loan portfolio of Sberbank CZ. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s market share in the Czech Republic and Slovakia was 8.8 per cent. and 7.2 
per cent., respectively, measured by the amount of total loans provided to clients - residents, according to the 
Issuer’s data, data of the CNB’s ARAD database and data of the NBS. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer is the 
fourth largest bank in the Czech Republic with a market share of 8.1 per cent. in terms of profit after tax and 8.5 
per cent. in terms of total assets in the Czech Republic, according to the Issuer’s data and the CNB’s ARAD 
database. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s market share in terms of liabilities to clients accounted for 6.8 per 
cent. in the Czech Republic and 5.5 per cent. in Slovakia, according to the Issuer’s data. 
The following table provides non-consolidated information on the Issuer’s market share in the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia: 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Banking Sector 
Issuer 
The Issuer’s Share 
 
(in CZK millions) 
(per cent.) 
Czech Republic and Slovakia 
 
 
 
Profit after tax ......................................  
102,640 
8,278 
8.07

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
Total assets ..........................................  
8,906,695 
756,275 
8.49 
Czech Republic 
 
 
 
Receivables from clients(1) ...................  
3,770,631 
333,690 
8.85 
Liabilities to clients(1) ..........................  
5,638,606 
386,136 
6.85 
Slovakia 
 
 
 
Receivables from clients(2) ...................  
1,833,573 
132,874 
7.25 
Liabilities to clients(2) ..........................  
1,693,651 
92,342 
5.45 
_____ 
Source: CNB ARAD Database, the National Bank of Slovakia, published information about the Issuer pursuant to the Czech Banking Act 
and the Prudential Rules Decree and internal reports of the Issuer. 
Notes:  
(1) 
Pursuant to the CNB method, receivables from clients and liabilities to clients are only included for the Czech part of the bank. 
(2) 
Converted using the CZK/EUR exchange rate as of 31 December 2022 at 24.115. Data for UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and 
Slovakia, a.s., pobočka zahraničnej banky. 
Property and Equipment 
As of 31 December 2022 the Issuer held tangible assets and assets arising from a right of use and investments in 
real estate (especially assets provided under operating leases and land plots and buildings arising from a right of 
use) with a residual value of CZK 6,443 million, of which real estate owned for business purposes had a book 
value of CZK 868 million and real estate arising from a right of use had a book value of CZK 2,034 million. 
Material Contracts 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not party to any material contracts outside its ordinary course 
of business, which any such contracts which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds being issued. 
Disputes 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer assessed current legal disputes against it. Adequate reserves have been made 
for these litigations. In addition to these disputes, the Issuer has been exposed to lawsuits arising in the ordinary 
course of business. The Issuer does not expect that the outcome of these court proceedings will have a significant 
effect on the Issuer’s financial position. The Issuer does not conduct, nor has it conducted any legal, administrative 
or arbitration proceedings in the last 12 months, which in its opinion could have, or has had in the last 12 months, 
a significant effect on the financial situation or profitability of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, nor any such 
proceedings is threating.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
The Issuer is a Czech joint-stock company operating under Czech law. Its bodies are the General Meeting, Board 
of Directors and Supervisory Board. The General Meeting is the supreme body of the Issuer, which takes the most 
significant decisions regarding the Issuer, such as increases and decreases of share capital, appointments to 
the Issuer’s Supervisory Board or approval of its financial statements. The rights and functions of the General 
Meeting are currently exercised by the Issuer’s sole shareholder (see section Description of the Issuer – Sole 
Shareholder– Sole Shareholder above for more information). The Board of Directors represents the Issuer in all 
matters and is charged with its day-to-day business management, while the Supervisory Board is an independent 
body responsible for the supervision of the Issuer’s activities and of the Board of Directors in its management of 
the Issuer and which resolves on matters defined in the Issuer’s articles of association (the Articles of 
Association). Under the Czech act on business corporations (Act No. 90/2012 Coll., as amended, the Czech 
Corporations Act), the Supervisory Board may not make management decisions. However, certain matters, 
specified below, are subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. In addition, the Issuer has established a 
special supervisory body, the audit committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is the governing statutory body of the Issuer, which directs its operations, represents it in 
all matters and is charged with its day-to-day business management and all matters other than those that are within 
the responsibility of the Supervisory Board, audit committee or General Meeting pursuant to the Articles of 
Association or the applicable laws. Nobody is authorized to give the Board of Directors instructions regarding the 
business management of the Issuer, unless the Czech Corporations Act or other laws or regulations provide 
otherwise.  
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the Board of Directors has nine members: the chairman, the vice-
chairman and seven ordinary members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected by the Issuer’s 
Supervisory Board for a term of three years, with possible re-election. The Board of Directors makes decisions 
by resolutions adopted at its meetings, which are held at least on a monthly basis. 
The work address of all members of the Board of Directors is at Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic, 
except for Mr. Habo, whose work address is at Šancová 1/A 813 33 Bratislava, Slovakia. 
Set out below are members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Name 
Background 
Jakub Dusílek 
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer 
Mr. Dusílek has been the chairman of the Board of Directors since 
2 April 2019. He is responsible for the Issuer’s overall results and for 
managing the chief operating officer, the chief risk officer and the 
finance, human resources and legal areas. 
Mr. Dusílek started his professional career in the UniCredit Group in 
2003 when he became a local branch manager. Recently, he held the 
position of the retail banking division director and the director of 
strategic development. From 2011 to 2012, he was the chairman of the 
Board of Directors of UniCredit Leasing SK. From 2016 to 2018, he 
gained international experience at UniCredit Bank Romania.  
Mr. Dusílek graduated from the Faculty of Law, Masaryk University 
in Brno and from the Czech Technical University in Prague. 
He received an MBA degree from Hallam University in Sheffield. 
He was born on 17 December 1974.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
Marco Iannaccone 
Vice-Chairman 
and 
General 
Manager 
Mr. Iannaconne has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 April 2020. He is also the current vice-chairman of the Board of 
Directors and the General Manager of the Issuer. He is responsible for 
managing and supervising the Issuer’s business activities and co-
ordinating the activities of the Issuer’s departments. 
Mr. Iannaccone graduated in economy at University of Venice and 
received an MBA degree at Clemson University, USA. Before starting 
his career in banking in 1999, where he gained rich experience in 
private or corporate banking, he had been working in prestigious 
consulting companies. He joined UniCredit Group three years later and 
held a number of senior managerial positions including Strategy, 
Business Development or CEE Mergers & Acquisitions. He then 
assumed the position of CFO and Vice-chairman of the Management 
Board at Bank Pekao in Poland that used to be part of the Group that 
time. From 2016 he was a Deputy CEO at UniCredit Bank Hungary. 
Before joining the Issuer, he served as Executive Director and COO at 
Yapi Kredi in Turkey. 
He was born on 26 August 1970. 
Alen Dobrić 
Member and Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Dobrić has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1 April 
2020. He is the chief risk officer of the Issuer and is responsible for 
preparing its credit policy, maintaining the quality of its loan portfolio, 
managing all activities in the area of credit risks and adhering to the 
limits set by banking regulations, as well as for managing activities in 
the area of market and operational risks.  
Mr. Dobrić graduated in economics at the University of Belgrade and 
started his career in banking in 2003. He joined UniCredit Group two 
years later, namely UniCredit Bank Serbia, where he started as Credit 
Risk Manager for corporate customers. Gradually, he moved to the 
position of Head of Corporate Underwriting Department. In 2012, he 
was appointed a Chief Risk Officer as well as a member of the Bank’s 
Management Board. In 2017, after almost twelve years, he left for 
Hungary, where he held the same position until now at UniCredit Bank 
Hungary. 
He was born on 17 June 1980. 
Slavomír Beňa 
Member and Director of the 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Banking Segment 
Mr. Beňa has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1 October 
2018. He is the director of the Issuer’s Corporate and Investment 
Banking Segment. 
He has been with the UniCredit Group for over 22 years. In 2005, he 
was appointed as head of markets for HVB Bank Serbia. Thereafter, 
he joined UniCredit Slovenia and subsequently moved to UniCredit in 
Vienna in 2010, where he worked as head of UniCredit’s Financial 
Institutions Group. Prior to assuming his current position, he worked 
as a corporate and investment banker for the Issuer from June 2018. 
He was born on 22 April 1976.  
Tomáš Drábek 
Member and Director of the Retail 
and Private Banking Segment 
Mr. Drábek has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 February 2021. He is the director of the Issuer’s Retail and Private 
Banking Segment. 
He has worked in banking since 2001, of which fifteen years in the 
UniCredit Group. From 2008 to 2011, he held the position of head of

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
real estate and subsequently head of retail marketing & segments. In 
2011, he was named head of retail for Moravia region, and a year later, 
he became head of franchising and alternative distribution. From 2015 
to 2016, he worked for UniCredit Bank Austria AG in Vienna as head 
of market growth initiatives, before coming back to Prague to work as 
head of retail Prague market. 
He was born on 14 January 1978.  
Massimo Francese 
Member and Chief Financial 
Officer 
Mr. Francese has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 April 2020. He is the chief financial officer of the Issuer. 
Mr. Francese graduated in Economics in Milan and began his banking 
career in 1991 at Credito Italiano, where he held several positions in 
organization, planning and control functions. He joined UniCredit 
group in 2005 as Head of Group Planning. From 2007 to 2012, he 
worked first as CFO and later as Head of Value Management & 
Planning for Consumer Finance business. In 2012, he held the position 
of CEO and Chairman of the Management Board at UniCredit 
Consumer Financing EAD in Sofia. From there, after three and a half 
years he went to Istanbul, where he held the post of CFO and Member 
of the Executive Committee of Yapı Kredi Bank. 
He was born on 4 November 1965. 
Jaroslav Habo 
Member and Head of the Slovak 
Branch 
 
Mr. Habo has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 December 2021. He is the director of the Slovak branch of the Issuer. 
Mr. Habo started working in HVB as a project financing specialist in 
2002 and subsequently worked at the Issuer on a number of 
management positions in the field of Project Financing, Corporate 
Clients and Large Corporates. Since 2017, he has held the position of 
Director of UniCredit Bank's Corporate Clientele in Slovakia. 
He was born on 27 April 1976. 
Hana Čitbajová 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and Head of the Human Resources 
Department 
Mrs. Čitbajová has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 January 2021. She has been a part of the UniCredit Group since 
2003.  
In her professional career, she has held various positions focused on 
human resources management within the UniCredit Group in Milan, 
Vienna and Bratislava. Since June 2019, she has held the position of 
HR Director at the Issuer 
She was born on 30 March 1980. 
Stefano Gison 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and Head of Global Banking 
Services 
Mr. Gison has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1 January 
2021. 
He is an experienced manager in the field of strategic and project 
management. Since 2014, he has been a member of the Board of 
Directors of Unicredit Bank d.d. in Bosnia and Herzegovina to the 
position of Head of GBS Division. Since 2016, he has held the same 
position at Zagrebacka Bank in Croatia. Since January 2020, it has held 
the position of the group COO. 
He was born on 9 March 1973.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is an independent body of the Issuer, responsible for the supervision of its activities and 
of the Board of Directors in its management of the Issuer. It resolves on matters defined in the Czech Corporations 
Act and the Articles of Association. Under the Czech Corporations Act, the Supervisory Board may not make 
management decisions. However, certain matters are subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. 
The powers of the Supervisory Board include, among others, the power to (i) elect members of the Board of 
Directors, (ii) supervise the Board of Directors in its management of the Issuer’s business activities, (iii) inquire 
into the Issuer’s financial matters and review its financial statements, (iv) grant prior consent to appointment or 
dismissal of proxy holders, and (v) review and the report on Issuer’s business activity and its assets and submit 
its opinion to the General Meeting regarding the same. 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Article of Association, the Supervisory Board has nine members, six of which are elected 
by the General Meeting, while the remaining three are elected by the Issuer’s employees, all for a term of three 
years. The Supervisory Board meetings are held no less than every three months. 
The Supervisory Board also established three committees, each consisting of three members of the Supervisory 
Board: (i) the remuneration committee which prepares draft resolutions on remuneration and annually approves 
the principles for remuneration of members of the Board of Directors, (ii) the appointment committee which is 
charged with nominating candidates for vacancies on the Board of Directors, and (iii) the risk management 
committee which examines the approach to risk management, the risk management strategy and the level of 
acceptable risk, as well as whether valuation of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items reflected in the offer 
to the clients fully complies with the Issuer’s business model and its risk management strategy. 
Set out below are members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Jiří Kunert 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic 
Member since: 
1 July 2019  
Gianfranco Bisagni 
Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
26 January 2022 
Jana Szászová 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Šancová 1/A, 813 33 Bratislava, Slovakia 
Member since: 
1 June 2017 
Eva Mikulková 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic 
Member since: 
14 July 2017 
Enrica Rimoldi 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
26 January 2022 
Andrea Vintani 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
31 October 2019 
Goffredo Guizzardi 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A/21st floor, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
1 March 2020 
Klára Čapková 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic 
Member since: 
17 July 2020

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
Davide Bazzarello 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
23 July 2021 
The audit committee is an independent committee tasked with overseeing, monitoring and advising on matters 
regarding accounting and financial reporting, internal control, audit and risk management, external audit, and 
compliance with applicable laws and the Issuer’s regulations. 
The audit committee consists of three members appointed by the General Meeting from among the Supervisory 
Board members or independent persons for a term of three years. The majority of the audit committee members 
must be independent from the Issuer and must have at least three years of accounting or statutory auditing 
experience. 
Set out below are members of the Issuer’s audit committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Marco Radice 
Chairman of the audit committee 
Work Address: 
Via S. Simpliciano, 5, 20121 Milano, Italy 
Commencement of Current Term of Office: 
27 October 2020 
Davide Bazzarello 
Member of the audit committee 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Commencement of Current Term of Office: 
23 July 2021 
Enrica Rimoldi 
Member of the audit committee 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Commencement of Current Term of Office: 
26 January 2022 
Conflicts of Interest at the Level of Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer is not aware of any possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of its Board of 
Directors, Supervisory Board and audit committee owed to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
The Issuer has prepared an ethics code based on guidelines prepared by the UniCredit Group that stipulates how 
to proceed in case of a conflict of interest. 
Principal Activities Outside of the Issuer 
The following table provides an overview of principal activities significant to the Issuer, performed by members 
of the Issuer’s bodies outside of the Issuer (beyond the positions outlined above), as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Members of the Board of Directors 
Activity 
Jakub Dusílek 
Member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
CZ, a.s., member of the presidium of the Czech Banking 
Association, member of the Supervisory Board of 
UniCredit Leasing Slovakia, a.s. 
 
 
Marco Iannaccone 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
CZ, a.s.  
 
 
Alen Dobrić 
Vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit 
Factoring Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
 
Slavomír Beňa 
Vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit 
Leasing CZ, a.s., chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., 
member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
Slovakia, a.s.

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
Tomáš Drábek 
--- 
 
 
Massimo Francese 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Italian-Czech 
Mixed Chamber of Commerce and Industry 
  
Jaroslav Habo 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of UniCredit Leasing 
Slovakia, a.s. 
 
Hana Čitbajová 
--- 
 
Stefano Gison 
Head of UniCredit Services S.C.p.A. organizačná zložka 
Slovensko 
 
 
Supervisory Board members 
 
Jiří Kunert 
Vice-chairman of the Committee of the Association of 
Friends of Musical Talents, chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of the National Development Fund of the SICAV 
a.s. 
 
Gianfranco Bisagni  
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Bank 
Austria AG, vice-chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt 
 
Jana Szászová 
Chairwoman of the Basic Organization of the Trade Union 
at UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia 
 
Eva Mikulková 
Member of the statutory body of the Trade Union of 
Banking and Insurance Employees 
 
Enrica Rimoldi 
Member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Banka 
Slovenija d.d., member of the review committee of 
Cordusio SIM SpA, UniCredit SpA and Uniqlegal Societa' 
Tra Avvocati Per Azioni 
 
 
Goffredo Guizzardi 
--- 
 
Andrea Vintani 
 
--- 
Klára Čapková 
--- 
 
Davide Bazzarello 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Zagrebacka Banka 
D.D. 
 
 
Audit committee members 
 
Marco Radice 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of AO UniCredit 
Bank, chairman of audit committee of UniCredit Bank 
Serbia JSC and chairman of audit committee of UniCredit 
Bulbank AD 
 
 
Enrica Rimoldi 
As set out above 
 
 
Davide Bazzarello 
As set out above

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
Employees 
The Issuer puts great attention to the choice of its employees, to their further education and personal development, 
for it acknowledges the importance of human resources. The training of the Issuer’s employees is targeted, in 
particular, at professional knowledge and communication skills. 
In the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s average number of full-time employees was 3,185 
and 3,242, respectively.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
The Group is exposed to the following types of risk: 
• 
credit & integrated risk; 
• 
financial risk; and 
• 
non-financial risk. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors is responsible for, and approves, the overall strategy of risk management, which 
is reviewed on a regular basis. The Issuer’s Board of Directors has established the FCR, credit committee and 
committee for operational risk management in order to monitor and manage particular risks for its specific areas. 
These committees report to the Issuer’s board on a regular basis. 
The principal part of the Group is the Issuer; for this reason, the description below relates primarily to the risk 
management of the Issuer. For description of the risk management in the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, 
see section Risk Management in Subsidiaries below.  
Credit & Integrated Risk 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risks as a result of its trading activities, providing loans, hedging transactions, 
investment and intermediation activities. Failure of the Issuer’s customers to meet repayments on their loans could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s finances and therefore its ability to pay interest and/or principal on the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Credit risk is managed at two levels: at the level of the individual client (transaction) and at the 
portfolio level. The credit risk operations, and strategic credit & integrated risk management departments are 
directly responsible for credit risk management. All are organizationally independent of the Issuer’s business 
segments and directly accountable to the member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors responsible for risk 
management. The strategic credit & integrated risk management department is responsible for directing the 
Issuer’s credit policy, which defines the general principles, methods and instruments used for the purpose of 
identification, measurement and management of credit risk, while the specific risk parameters are defined in the 
credit strategy for the particular year. The Issuer defines within its internal guidelines approval competencies for 
credit deals, including the definition of responsibilities and competencies of the credit committee. 
Credit Risk Management at Individual Client Level 
The credit risk at the client level is managed by analysing the client’s financial standing and setting limits on the 
credit extended. The analysis is focused on, among other things, the client’s standing in the relevant market, rating 
of the client’s financial statements and prediction of future liquidity. The result of this analysis is, among other 
things, to establish a rating that reflects the probability of default by a client and takes into account quantitative, 
qualitative and behavioural factors. The financial standing analysis is carried out, and a credit limit and rating set, 
both before credit is granted as well as regularly during the course of the credit relationship with the client. 
The internal rating system comprises 26 rating levels (1 to 10 with the use of “+” and “–” in several rating classes: 
1+, 1, 1−, 2+, etc., where 1+ is the highest rating class). This system assesses not only the client’s possible delay 
in making loan payments, but also, among other things, the client’s financial ratios and indicators (such as the 
structure of, and relationships between, the balance sheet, income statement and cash flows), quality of 
management, ownership structure, market position, quality of reporting, production equipment and account-use 
history and behaviour. Clients with receivables categorised as in default are always assigned to a rating class 8-, 
9 or 10.  
For receivables from individuals, the ability of the client to fulfil his or her obligations is determined using a 
standardised system of credit scoring based on risk-relevant characteristics (credit application scoring). The Issuer 
sets and regularly updates the probability of client default for individuals using the behavioural scoring method. 
A client’s final rating combines both application and behavioural components.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
As an additional source of information for assessing a client’s financial standing, the Issuer uses information from 
credit registries, mainly the CBCB–Czech Banking Credit Bureau, a.s., the CNB Central Credit Registry, and the 
SOLUS association registry. 
In accordance with its credit risk management strategy, the Issuer requires collateral for credit to be provided 
before the credit is granted (according to the client’s financial standing and the nature of the transaction). 
The Issuer considers the following to be acceptable types of collateral: cash, prime securities, a guarantee from 
another reputable entity (including bank guarantees) and security over real estate. In determining the realisable 
value of collateral, the Issuer principally takes into consideration the financial health of the party providing 
collateral and the nominal value of the collateral, i.e. expert appraisals made by a special department of the Issuer. 
The net realisable value of the collateral is determined by applying to the nominal value a correction coefficient, 
which reflects the Issuer’s ability to realize the collateral if and when necessary. 
Credit Risk Management at the Portfolio Level 
Credit risk management at this level involves mainly loan portfolio reporting including analyses and monitoring 
of trends in certain credit sub-portfolios. The Issuer monitors its overall credit risk position by taking into account 
all on-balance and off-balance sheet exposures and quantifying the expected loss from its credit exposure. 
The expected loss is determined based on internal estimates of risk parameters, i.e., the probability of default 
(PD), exposure at default (EaD) and loss given default (LGD). The Issuer regularly monitors its credit exposure 
to individual sectors of the economy, countries, or economically connected groups of debtors. The Issuer assesses 
the concentration risk of the loan portfolio on a regular basis and establishes concentration limits as appropriate 
in relation to specific industries, countries, or economically connected groups of debtors. 
Classification of Receivables, Impairment and Provisions 
The Issuer categorises its receivables arising from financial activities in accordance with international accounting 
standards, namely IFRS 9. The issuer categorizes its receivables as receivables in default (Stage 3) and performing 
receivables (Stage 1 and Stage 2), 
The Issuer regularly assesses whether any possible permanent decrease in the balance sheet value of receivables 
has occurred. Where the Issuer identifies such a decrease, it creates provisions for each account receivable or 
portfolio of receivables, respectively, in accordance with IFRS. 
Impairment of Receivables in Default 
The Issuer recognises the impairment of an individual loan in default if the loan’s carrying amount is less than 
recoverable amount and the Issuer does not write off such amount (fully or partially).  
The Issuer assesses recoverable of the amount of all receivables in respect of which the debtors are in default: 
(a) 
individually if the amount of the receivable exceeds the equivalent of EUR 1 million; or 
(b) 
collectively using recovery rate derived from the relevant model reflecting historic recovery experience. 
The Issuer writes off a receivable when it does not expect any income from that receivable or from realising 
collateral related to such receivable.  
The Issuer calculates an impairment loss arising from individual receivables in the following manner:  
(c) 
for individually assessed receivables, the impairment loss equals to the difference between the carrying 
amount of such receivables and the discounted value of estimated future cash flows; and  
(d) 
for collectively assessed receivables equal to the lifetime expected credit loss determined on portfolio basis. 
Impairment of Performing Receivables 
In alignment with IFRS 9, the Issuer classifies its performing loan portfolio into so-called stages. If no material 
deterioration in the creditworthiness has been observed since the inception date of the respective receivable 
(Stage 1), the Issuer calculates an impairment loss as the loss expected until the maturity of the receivable but

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
within the following one year at the latest (1-year expected loss). If a material deterioration of the creditworthiness 
has been observed, yet the respective receivable still has a performing status (Stage 2), the Issuer calculates an 
impairment loss as the loss expected until the final maturity of the receivable (lifetime expected loss). 
Provisions for Off-Balance Sheet Items 
The Issuer recognizes such provisions in the same method as used in recognizing impairment losses on 
receivables, taking into account additional factors relating to off-balance sheet items. 
Forbearance 
The Issuer records in the forbearance category loan receivables for which there was a change in the originally 
agreed repayment conditions after the provision (especially postponement of instalments, temporary reduction of 
instalments, extension of the final maturity date, etc.). These cases are recorded in the Issuer’s balance sheet in 
the category of credit receivables without default of the debtor and in the category of credit receivables with 
default of the debtor. 
In case the payment conditions of loan receivables are changed after the loan is granted (such changes include 
mainly payment deferrals, temporary payment reductions or postponements of the ultimate due date), the Issuer 
classifies such loan receivables as forbearance and generally recognizes them in the balance sheet as loan 
receivables with a client’s default. However, following a robust assessment, the Issuer may categorize them as 
loan receivables without a client’s default, mainly in cases when the reasons for the change of the payment 
conditions are not serious and the Issuer does not anticipate incurring a loss arising from the future collection of 
such a receivable. 
The majority of loan receivables classified as receivables without a client’s default are receivables originally 
classified as receivables with a client’s default, which were subsequently re-classified, provided that newly-agreed 
conditions in line with the Issuer’s internal rules are fulfilled.  
Probation period denotes the period during which the client is designated as forborne. This period lasts no less 
than two years and commences on the date of the end of client’s default or of the forbearance (in case the 
forbearance was without the client’s default). In addition, this period can be terminated only if the client fulfils 
the agreed conditions in a due and timely manner, is not in delay for more than 30 days. Due to the size of the 
forbearance portfolio and the procedures and practices describe above, the Issuer does not identify serious risks 
arising from this portfolio. Also, a portion of receivables whose payment conditions were changed in order to 
overcome the client’s deteriorated financial position are later reclassified as without default (recognized in 
the Issuer’s balance sheet as non-default forbearance – referred to above).  
Recovery of Receivables 
The Issuer has established a special credit unit to deal with the recovery of loans in respect of receivables 
considered to be at risk. This unit aims to achieve one or more of the following goals: 
(a) 
“revitalisation” of the credit relationship, restructuring and subsequent reclassification to standard 
receivables; 
(b) 
full repayment of the loan;  
(c) 
minimisation of the loss from the loan (e.g. realization of collateral and sale of receivable with a discount); 
and 
(d) 
prevention of further losses from the loan (comparison of future income versus expenses). 
Financial Risk 
Trading 
The Issuer holds trading positions in certain financial instruments, including financial derivatives. The majority 
of the Issuer’s business activities are conducted according to the requirements of its customers. Depending on the

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
estimated demand of its customers, the Issuer holds a certain supply of financial instruments and maintains access 
to the financial markets through the quoting of bid and offer prices and by trading with other market makers. 
These positions are also held for the purpose of speculation on the expected future development of financial 
markets. The Issuer’s business strategy is thus affected by speculation and market making and its goal is to 
maximise the net income from trading. However, if the positions held by the Issuer miss the expected market 
developments, this may adversely affect the Issuer’s financial results and its ability to make payments of interest 
income and/or the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer manages the risks associated with its trading activities at the level of individual risks and individual 
types of financial instruments. The basic instruments used for risk management are limits on volumes applicable 
to individual transactions, limits for portfolio sensitivity (basis point value, or BPV), stop loss limits and Value at 
Risk (VaR) limits. The quantitative methods applied to risk management are included in the following section 
Financial Risk Management. 
The majority of derivatives are negotiated on the OTC market due to the non-existence of a public market for 
financial derivatives in the Czech Republic. 
Financial Risk Management 
Described below are selected risks to which the Issuer is exposed through its trading activities, principles of 
managing positions resulting from these activities, and also management of these risks. The procedures that the 
Issuer uses to measure and manage these risks are described in detail in the following paragraphs. 
The Issuer is exposed to market risks which flow from its open positions mainly in interest rate and foreign 
currency instruments that are sensitive to changes in financial market conditions. The Issuer’s risk management 
concentrates on management of the total net exposure resulting from the Issuer’s structure of assets and liabilities. 
The Issuer monitors interest rate risks by observing the sensitivity of particular assets or liabilities in individual 
time periods, which is expressed by change in the present values of assets and liabilities if interest rates increase 
by 1 basis point. For hedge accounting purposes the Issuer identifies specific assets/liabilities causing this 
incongruity in a way to meet the accounting criteria for the application of hedge accounting. 
Value at Risk 
VaR represents the main method for managing the market risks arising from the Issuer’s activities. VaR represents 
the potential loss from an unfavourable movement on the market within a certain time period at a certain 
confidence level. The UniCredit Group determines VaR through the historical simulation based on a 1-day holding 
period and a confidence level of 99 per cent. The assumptions upon which the VaR model is based have the 
following limitations: 
• 
The 1-day holding period pre-supposes that all the positions can be closed during a single day. This 
assumption need not always apply on less liquid markets. 
• 
The 99 per cent. confidence level does not reflect all possible losses that can occur at this confidence 
level. 
• 
VaR is calculated from the positions at the end of the trading day and does not consider the positions 
which can be opened “intra-day”. 
• 
Using historical data as a basic determinant of possible future development does not necessarily cover 
all of the possible future scenarios, especially crisis scenarios. 
The VaR calculation divides the calculated risk into an interest rate portion and a credit portion. The credit portion 
of the VaR is calculated based on the volatility of the credit spread between securities and the zero-risk interest 
rate. For this purpose, the yield curves of particular issuers, industries, or groups of issuers with identical rating 
are downloaded into the system for market risk management. Specific securities are mapped to these yield curves 
and the volatility of the credit spread is calculated.  
The Issuer uses VaR to measure interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and other types of risk connected with 
negative movements in the prices of market factors (e.g. spread risk and option risk). The structure of VaR limits

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
is approved by the FCR, and at least once a year the structure and the amount of the limits are revised in accordance 
with the Issuer’s needs and developments on the financial markets. The results of VaR calculation are published 
daily for selected users (Board of Directors, plus selected employees of the financial markets department, market 
risk department, assets and liabilities management unit, and the GMRC (Group Market Risk Committee) of the 
parent bank and sub-holding). 
Back Testing – Value at Risk 
The results of this model are back-tested and compared with the results of the actual changes in interest rates on 
the financial markets on a daily basis. If the Issuer identifies any inaccuracies, the model is adjusted to be 
consistent with current developments in the financial markets. 
Interest Rate Risk  
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of the fact that interest-bearing assets and liabilities have 
different maturities or interest rate re-pricing periods and different volumes during these periods. In the event of 
a change in interest rates, the Issuer is exposed to a risk as a result of the different mechanism or timing of 
adjustments to particular types of interest rate benchmarks (such as PRIBOR or EURIBOR), declared interest 
rates on deposits, etc. The activities in the area of interest risk management are focused on optimising the Issuer’s 
net interest revenue in accordance with the strategy approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors.  
With regard to the development of market interest rates and their possible decline to negative values, the Issuer 
has previously taken measures for some products to prevent the market interest rate (as a basic component of the 
client rate) from falling to negative values. 
Interest rate derivatives are generally used to manage the incongruity between the interest sensitivity of assets and 
liabilities. These transactions are carried out in accordance with the Issuer’s strategy for managing the assets and 
liabilities approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. Part of the Issuer’s income is generated by the intentional 
incongruity between the interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. 
The Issuer applies a BPV approach for measuring interest sensitivity of assets and liabilities. BPV represents the 
change in the present value of cash flows derived from individual instruments if interest rates increase by 1 basis 
point (0.01 per cent.), i.e. it represents the sensitivity of instruments to interest rate risks. 
The Issuer set up the interest rate risk limits to restrict oscillation of net interest income resulting from changes of 
interest rates by 0.01 per cent. (the BPV limit). 
Stress Testing of Interest Rate Risk  
The Issuer carries out weekly stress testing of interest rate sensitivity by applying historical scenarios of significant 
movements on the financial markets, internally defined improbable scenarios, and group macro scenarios, and 
simulates their impact on the Issuer’s financial results. In the course of 2016, the methodology for conducting 
stress testing was changed and the UniCredit Group is newly conducting stress tests on an aggregate basis for the 
entire interest-sensitive part of the regulatory banking book. Since 2020, the Issuer has also calculated and reported 
stress testing of the trading book. 
The standard stress scenario corresponds to a parallel shift in the yield curve by 200 basis points for major 
currencies (CZK, EUR, USD), and the main alternative scenario (money market stress test) corresponds to 
a parallel shift in the short tail of the yield curve for major currencies (CZK, EUR, USD), with a maturity of up 
to two years, by 250 basis points. 
Since 2015, the Issuer introduced and maintains stress scenarios for negative market interest rates. As negative 
interest rates are still present for some currencies in the market interest rate curves and a potential further decrease 
cannot be entirely excluded, the Issuer applies a stress scenario to reflect a possible profit/loss effect of such 
further decrease of market interest rates. This approach is applied to the entire portfolio of assets and liabilities, 
including products for which a decrease of the market interest rates (as an element of client rates) into negative 
values is restricted in the relevant contracts or the terms and conditions. With this approach, the UniCredit Group 
shows the potential risk of profit / loss for products for which contractual decline in market interest rates is not 
possible. This change caused that since 2015, the result of stress testing from a shift of +/- 200 bps was 
approximately symmetrical, whereas until this date it was unsymmetrical due to the application of a floor of 0.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
Hedge Accounting 
As part of its market risk management strategy, the Issuer hedges against interest rate risk. The Issuer’s hedge 
strategy uses both fair value hedges and cash flow hedges. 
Fair Value Hedging 
Hedged instruments can be financial assets and liabilities recognized at their carrying amounts (except securities 
held to maturity) and available-for-sale securities recognized at their fair values, with changes in fair value 
recognised in equity. Hedging instruments are derivatives (most commonly interest rate swaps and cross currency 
swaps). 
The Issuer performs a fair value hedge effectiveness test prospectively on the basis of future changes in fair values 
of hedged and hedging instruments and of expected interest rates movements (a so-called “prospective test”) and 
retrospectively on the basis of the real Fair Value changes monitored in the hedged transactions in the past. On 
the basis of real interest rate developments, the test of effectiveness is carried out at the last day of each month.The 
Issuer has chosen to carry out effectiveness testing on a monthly basis to detect possible non-effectiveness of 
hedge relationships. 
For particular hedged items and hedging trades (loans, deposits, securities, interest rate swaps, etc.), the amounts 
of cash flows and dates are determined from the beginning of a hedged relationship until the maturity of the 
hedged instrument, or until the end of the hedge relationship. The present values of particular cash flows for the 
relevant date (date of effectiveness measurement) are determined on the basis of discount factors for specific 
currencies and related cash flow frequency. The fair value of the trade is the total of discounted cash flows from 
the relevant trade at the given time. The cumulative change of the fair value is determined by comparing the fair 
value in the given time with the first revaluation. These cumulative changes are further netted for realized cash 
flows by subtracting or adding them back. The hedge is considered as effective if the proportion of cumulative 
fair value changes of hedged and hedging instruments is between 80 per cent. and 125 per cent. 
Cash Flow Hedging 
The Issuer uses the concept of cash flow hedging to eliminate interest rate risk on an aggregate basis. The hedged 
instruments are future forecasted transactions in the form of interest income and interest expense sensitive to 
changes in market interest rates. Future anticipated transactions ensue from contracts actually concluded as well 
as from future transactions established on the basis of replication models. The hedging instruments are derivatives 
(most commonly interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps). 
The effectiveness of a cash flow hedge is determined in accordance with shareholder standards, which are 
contained in an approved methodology. First, the nominal values (divided into assets and liabilities) of external 
trades for which the interest cash flow (established on the basis of refinancing - the “funding” rate) may be 
considered as variable are identified for specific currencies (hedged cash flows). Second, for these same currencies 
the nominal interest cash flows of variable hedging instrument parts are identified and are monitored on a net 
basis (i.e. cash in net of cash out). 
The Issuer monitors whether the absolute value of future variable interest cash flows from hedged deals for 
specific time periods exceeds the absolute value (having the opposite sign, plus or minus) of net variable cash 
flows from hedging derivatives.  
The time periods are defined as follows: for individual months up to two years, thereafter for individual years, up 
to 10 years, and greater than 15 years. The hedge is considered effective if the absolute volume of variable interest 
cash flows from hedged deals is greater in each of the time periods, and this is measured separately for each 
monitored currency.  
Currency Risk  
The Issuer has set a system of currency risk limits based on the net currency position in each currency. These 
limits are regularly reviewed. With effect from 1 January 2023, the Issuer set a limit of EUR 10 million for the 
total net currency position of the Issuer and for positions in EUR, and a limit of EUR 5 million for the USD. For 
the remaining important currencies, i.e. CHF, GBP, JPY, the group limit has been set to the equivalent of EUR 5 
million. For the group of currencies BAM, BGN, HRK, HUF, RON, RSD, RUB a TRY, the aggregate group limit

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
has been set to equivalent of EUR 5 million. Minor currencies limits are grouped as well under the limit of EUR 
3 million. 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk of movement in the prices of equity instruments held in the Issuer’s portfolio and of financial 
derivatives derived from these instruments. Equity risk arises as a result of the Issuer’s equity derivative positions 
in structured bonds issued for various types of investors. The risks associated with equity instruments are managed 
through respective limits. The methods used to manage these risks are described above. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk arises as a result of the manner of financing the Issuer’s activities and managing its positions. It 
includes both the risk that the Issuer would be unable to finance its assets using instruments with appropriate 
maturity and the risk that the Issuer would be unable to dispose of its assets for an appropriate price within the 
necessary time period. 
Every year, the Issuer plans its liquidity position on a consolidated basis (Funding Plan) within the creation of the 
budget for the year concerned and this plan is subject to the approval by the FCR. During the year, the fulfilment 
of the plan is subject to a review. 
The Issuer has access to diverse sources of funds, which comprise of deposits and other savings, securities issued, 
loans taken (including subordinated loans) and own equity capital of the Group. This diversification makes the 
Issuer flexible and limits its dependency on any single funding source. The Issuer regularly evaluates the liquidity 
risk, in particular by monitoring changes in the structure of funding and comparing these changes with the Issuer’s 
liquidity risk management strategy, which is approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Issuer also holds, 
as part of its liquidity risk management strategy, a proportion of its assets in highly liquid funds, such as state 
treasury bills and bonds and other similar bonds in accordance with CRD IV/CRR rules. 
The Issuer regularly assesses liquidity risk by analysing the difference in residual maturities of assets and 
liabilities. The Issuer applies two perspectives: short-term and long-term (structural). In the short term, the Issuer 
monitors the difference between inflows and outflows of liquidity in daily detail over the coming weeks. The 
Issuer has set limits for the cumulative difference between the inflows and the outflows. If the limits are exceeded, 
the Issuer will take measures to reduce liquidity risk. In the long-term (structural) view, the Issuer monitors the 
difference between the maturities of assets and liabilities in periods exceeding one year. For products with 
unspecified maturity (e.g. current accounts), the Issuer has developed a model for their expected residual maturity. 
In this respect, too, the Issuer has set indicators and, when they are exceeded, takes adequate measures, such as 
measures to obtain long-term refinancing resources. For products that may be prematurely repaid by the client 
(especially mortgage loans), the Issuer has developed a model for their expected maturity. The output of this 
model affects the expected future liquidity flows, which are the basis for liquidity risk management. 
The Issuer has drawn up a contingency plan for the possible case of a liquidity crisis. This plan defines roles, 
responsibilities and the process of managing a crisis. It also defines the possible measures which should be 
considered if there is a crisis situation. 
Stress tests of short-term liquidity are performed by the Issuer on a weekly basis. Such stress tests verify the 
Issuer’s ability to overcome extreme situations such as systemic interruption of the inter-bank money market, 
a decrease in the Issuer’s credit rating, IT system breakdowns, reputation risk to the Issuer and combinations of 
the above. The stress scenarios’ results are presented to the FCR. 
Non-financial Risk 
Non-financial risk constitutes the risk of a loss due to the absence, violation or exceedance of rules, or failure to 
uphold these rules, and to damages caused by a failure of internal processes, human or system error, or external 
events. Strategic risk, business risk and reputation risk differ from operational risk while legal risk and compliance 
risk are included within the definition of operational risk. 
The Issuer’s organisational structure and its internal rules fully respect the segregation of incompatible duties and 
prevent any conflict of interests. Internal rules unambiguously define rights and obligations of employees,

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
including management, and regulate the working processes and control activities. Non-Financial Risks and 
Control Committee is the main control and decision body regarding the Issuer’s operational risk. All members of 
the Issuer’s Board of Directors are permanent members of the committee. The Non-Financial Risks unit is an 
independent body reporting directly to the member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors responsible for second level 
control of the Issuer’s operational risk management. The Non-Financial Risks unit is entrusted with ensuring 
unified and coordinated approach towards operational risk management framework in accordance with the 
applicable regulations and the standards of UniCredit S.p.A. The operational risk management and monitoring 
themselves are performed by the designated employees of the individual units. The internal audit unit as the third 
level control identifies extraordinary trends and breach of or non-compliance with directives and it assesses the 
control and management system’s functionality. 
To ensure effective collection of operational risk events and data, the Issuer uses an online information system 
developed by the UniCredit Group. The system complies with the requirements for capital adequacy management, 
in accordance with the Basel III regulation. The data acquired through the system is taken into account when 
calculating the capital requirement as well as in managing operational risk and forms one of the bases for designing 
processes that will lead to a reduced number of particular events and the mitigation of their negative consequences. 
The data is also used for re-checking the reliability of proposed measures for operational risk mitigation. Data is 
collected continuously in cooperation with the Issuer’s units. All significant events are reported and resolved 
without delay after their discovery. Based on the collected data, a quarterly consolidated report is prepared, which 
is presented to the Non-Financial Risks and Control Committee and distributed within the Issuer to the respective 
managers. The Issuer’s Board of Directors, internal audit unit and the parent company are informed about the 
most significant cases of operational risk on a weekly basis, or immediately if necessary. The data is regularly 
reconciled with the accounting and other sources in order to ensure their completeness and accuracy. 
The Issuer continuously identifies, monitors and manages any new operational risk arising from change 
management process in the business and ICT/processing area as well as in the processes outsourced to different 
entities in and outside of the UniCredit Group. Further, the Issuer set up a specific risk assessment process focused 
on selected significant business processes, ICT and cyber risks, with an annual monitoring and update cycle. The 
Issuer also performs the annual risk control inventory survey, annual scenario analysis and continuous risk 
indicators, mitigation and risk limits configuration and updating. The business continuity of operations 
management (emergency planning, crisis management) constitutes another important part of operational risk 
management. The Issuer has updated its business impact analysis and tested the respective recovery plans 
(business processes for crisis situations, including disaster recovery plans for its ICT infrastructure) for its critical 
processes in order to ensure their full usefulness and effectiveness under current conditions. The Non-Financial 
Risks unit is also increasing the overall awareness of operational risk within the Issuer and is training the Issuer’s 
staff by means of e-learning, among other training methods.  
Based on the regulatory permission, the Issuer applies an advanced approach to the calculation of the capital 
requirement for operational risk. For this, a Group model is used, which is based on internal and external data, 
results of scenario analyses and data on risk indicators. 
Risk Management in Subsidiaries 
The risk management of the Issuer’s subsidiaries is built on similar principles as the risk management of the Issuer, 
but it takes into account the specific features of the products provided by such subsidiaries and their portfolios. 
These specific features primarily include the following:  
• 
determination of the fair value of financed assets when deciding on the provision of funding; 
• 
management of the risk of a change in the market value of the financed assets during financing; 
• 
valuation and sales activities after an extraordinary termination of a contract (or due termination of a 
contract in respect of operating leases) and management of the risk arising therefrom; 
• 
control activities to prove the connection of the purpose of financing with the existence of the financed 
asset before the conclusion of a contract and during the contract period (including the prevention against 
fraudulent activities); and 
• 
management of the risk of concentration in relation to types of financed assets (classes of assets).

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
The organizational structure of risk management, risk decision-making committees and system for the allocation 
of authorities are adjusted to reflect the specific features or products and risks of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. This 
aims at ensuring both the independence of the risk management from business activities and the independence of 
the persons participating in the valuation of assets and their realization from the persons with the decision-making 
authority in the provision of funding. 
Capital Management 
Management of the Issuer monitors the development of the Issuer’s capital adequacy on a consolidated basis and 
its capital position. The regulator of the banking market, the CNB, established rules for the calculation of capital 
requirements and monitors their development. Since 1 January 2014, the Issuer has met the requirements of the 
CRR that was implemented by the CNB through Decree No. 163/2004 Coll. on the performance of the activity of 
banks, credit unions and investment firms. The Basel III rules were established in response to the financial crisis 
and introduce requirements for increased capital quality, requirement for an increased coverage of risks, the 
minimum standard for liquidity management, rules for the leverage ratio and improve risk management and 
corporate governance.  
The Issuer’s regulatory capital consists of the following:  
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital which comprises registered capital, share premium, reserve 
funds, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income from revaluation of financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income, post-tax profit for the period if audited at the time of 
reporting; minus intangible assets and gaps in the coverage of anticipated losses through adjustments for 
credit risk using the internal rating based approach; 
• 
Tier 1 (T1) capital creating of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 Capital (the AT 1); and  
• 
Tier 2 (T2) capital which is the excess in the coverage of anticipated credit losses when using the internal 
rating based approach. 
The Issuer complies with the defined minimum requirements of Basel III rules for capital adequacy, including 
capital buffers. 
As of 30 June 2023, the total regulatory capital of the Group amounted to CZK 79.3 billion (CZK 79.8 billion as 
of 30 June 2022), of which CET1 capital amounted to CZK 78.7 billion (CZK 79.0 billion as of 30 June 2022). 
The total risk-weighted assets (RWA) of the Group amounted to CZK 358.8 billion as of 30 June 2023 (CZK 
368.3 billion as of 30 June 2022). 
Statement of capital for the Group’s capital adequacy calculation on a consolidated basis as reported to the 
regulator in accordance with applicable rules as of 31 December 2022 and as of 31 December 2021: 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Tier 1 capital.............................................................................................................. 
79,363 
78,549 
Total capital ............................................................................................................... 
79,510 
79,179 
Capital requirement for credit risk under the standardised approach ......................... 
3,876 
3,760 
Capital requirement for credit risk under the IRB approach ...................................... 
20,659 
21,997 
Capital requirements for position risk ....................................................................... 
565 
638 
Capital requirements for commodity risk .................................................................. 
3 
3 
Capital requirements for operational risk .................................................................. 
2,184 
2,275 
Capital requirements for credit valuation adjustment ................................................ 
29 
104 
Capital requirement for other risk exposure .............................................................. 
220 
183 
Total capital requirement ........................................................................................... 
27,536 
28,960

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Entities are deemed to be related parties in the event that one entity is able to control the activities of another, or 
is able to exercise significant influence over the other entity’s financial or operational policies. As part of its 
ordinary business, the Issuer enters into transactions with related entities. These transactions principally comprise 
loans, deposits and other types of transactions and are concluded under arm’s length conditions and at arm’s length 
prices in order to prevent any detriment to any party. 
Related parties principally include the Issuer’s parent company, Issuer’s fellow subsidiaries and other companies 
controlled by UniCredit Group or where UniCredit Group exercises significant influence, the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
and affiliates, members of the Board of Directors and other members of the Issuer’s management. 
The selected data shown in the tables below is extracted from the consolidated interim financial statements of the 
Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 which have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and 
from the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2020, which 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
The table below shows selected balance sheet information regarding transactions with UniCredit S.p.A., the 
Issuer’s parent company as of 30 June 2023 and 2022 and as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 (on a consolidated 
basis): 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
Assets 
(in CZK millions) 
Cash and cash balances ............................................... 
653 
2,768 
1,357 
522 
Loans and advances to banks ...................................... 10,626 
14,076 
12,032 
9,315 
Financial assets held for trading .................................. 22,932 
30,913 
28,744 
18,592 
Positive fair value of hedging derivatives ................... 5,654 
8,636 
7,343 
4,768 
Total ................................................................................. 39,865 
56,393 
49,476 
33,197 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from banks ................................................... 9,983 
20,335 
461 
1,557 
Debt instruments ......................................................... 15,739 
16,342 
15,967 
16,418 
Financial liabilities held for trading ............................ 22,098 
30,786 
28,476 
18,584 
Negative fair value of hedging derivatives ................. 14,824 
21,201 
19,130 
12,560 
Total ................................................................................. 62,644 
88,664 
64,034 
49,119 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
 
 
Issued guarantees ........................................................ 
730 
806 
778 
564 
Irrevocable credit facilities .......................................... 1,208 
1,230 
1,222 
1,107 
Total ................................................................................. 1,938 
2,036 
2,000 
1,671 
* In 2021, to closer represent the substance of items included in the line “Cash and cash balances” the Group adjusted the presentation of 
current accounts and sight deposits toward banks from line “Financial assets at amortised cost: Loans and advances to banks” to line “Cash 
and cash balances”. In prior year these balances were reported in line “Loans and advances to banks” in total amount of MCZK 893.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
 
The table below shows selected income statement information regarding transactions with UniCredit S.p.A., 
the Issuer’s parent company for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2021 (on a consolidated basis): 
 
 
Six months ended 30 
June 
Year ended 31 
December 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
(in CZK millions) 
Interest income ................................................................ 
315 
130 
633 
641 
Interest expense ............................................................... 
(2,193) 
(1,442) 
(4,037) 
(4) 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission expenses ......................................... 
(15) 
(29) 
(44) 
(2) 
Net profit/loss from financial assets and liabilities held 
for trading ........................................................................ 
233 
(530) 
(706) 
(1,044) 
Net profit/loss from hedging of the risk of change in 
fair values ........................................................................ 
1,722 
(1,011) 
(282) 
(3,257) 
Administrative expenses.................................................. 
(443) 
(29) 
(905) 
(62) 
Total ................................................................................ 
(381) 
(2,911) 
(5,337) 
(3,727) 
The table below shows selected balance sheet information regarding transactions with key management members 
as of 30 June 2023 and 2022 and as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 (on a consolidated basis): 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers ....................................  
151 
145 
151 
174 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors ......................................................  
32 
31 
29 
33 
Other management members ......................................  
119 
114 
122 
141 
Total .......................................................................................  
151 
145 
151 
174 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Payables to customers ......................................................  
177 
121 
165 
117 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors ......................................................  
60 
30 
59 
26 
Other management members ......................................  
117 
91 
106 
91 
Total .......................................................................................  
177 
121 
165 
117 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
 
 
Irrevocable credit facilities ...............................................  
7 
7 
7 
4 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors ......................................................  
1 
1 
1 
1 
Other management members ......................................  
6 
6 
6 
3 
Total .......................................................................................  
7 
7 
7 
3 
The table below shows selected balance sheet information regarding transactions with the other related parties as 
of 30 June 2023 and 2022 and as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 (on a consolidated basis):

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021* 
 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash balances .................................................... 
1,315 
8,111 
722 
334 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG .................................................... 
117 
1,268 
159 
- 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ....................................... 
1,084 
6,737 
409 
291 
AO UniCredit Bank .................................................... 
82 
61 
120 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading ....................................... 
10,709 
8,322 
11,712 
5,279 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG .................................................... 
10,702 
8,322 
11,712 
5,279 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks ........................................... 
51 
133 
6 
54 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ....................................... 
25 
124 
- 
- 
AO UniCredit Bank .................................................... 
10 
9 
6 
54 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers .................................... 
1,187 
394 
1,045 
1,507 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o.  .................................... 
1,187 
- 
1,045 
1,110 
UCTAM SVK, s.r.o.  .................................................. 
- 
394 
- 
397 
 
 
 
 
 
Positive fair value of hedging derivatives ........................ 
8,349 
7,121 
11,254 
5,691 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG .................................................... 
8,349 
7,121 
11,254 
5,691 
Total ....................................................................................... 
21,611 
25,213 
24,739 
12,865 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from banks ......................................................... 
3,729 
2,419 
5,351 
5,896 
of which: 
 
 
  
  
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ....................................... 
1,016 
1,383 
1,058 
3,017 
UniCredit Bank AG .................................................... 
2,690 
980 
4,198 
2,795 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ..................................... 
4 
43 
55 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers .................................................. 
47 
278 
54 
168 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Services S.C.p.A.  ...................................... 
47 
114 
54 
67 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ................................. 
4,415 
4,313 
4,698 
3,920 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG .................................................... 
4,415 
4,313 
4,698 
3,920 
 
 
 
 
 
Negative fair value of hedging derivatives ....................... 
13,693 
10,639 
14,931 
5,005 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG .................................................... 
13,693 
10,639 
14,931 
5,005 
Total ....................................................................................... 
21,884 
17,649 
15,108 
14,989 
* In 2021, to closer represent the substance of items included in the line “Cash and cash balances” the Group adjusted the presentation 
of current accounts and sight deposits toward banks from line “Financial assets at amortised cost: Loans and advances to banks” to line 
“Cash and cash balances”. In prior year these balances were reported in line “Loans and advances to banks” in total amount of MCZK 
893.

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
The table below shows selected off-balance sheet information regarding transactions with the other related 
parties as of 30 June 2023 and 2022 and as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 (on a consolidated basis): 
 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
 
 
Issued guarantees ............................................................  
2,909 
4,863 
3,820 
3,457 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ...................................................  
2,077 
3,317 
1,884 
3,065 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ......................................  
352 
1,201 
1,421 
163 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ....................................  
8 
11 
10 
11 
AO UniCredit Bank ...................................................  
14 
108 
85 
109 
 
 
 
 
 
Irrevocable credit facilities ..............................................  
5,922 
5,652 
6,448 
5,399 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ...................................................  
3,980 
4,044 
4,045 
3,342 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG ......................................  
1,436 
1,496 
1,333 
1,070 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o.  ...................................  
465 
- 
1,005 
940 
Total  .....................................................................................  
8,831 
10,515 
10,268 
8,856 
The table below shows selected income statement information regarding transactions with the other related parties 
for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (on a 
consolidated basis): 
 
Six months 
ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 
December 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Interest income .................................................................................. 
1,943 
1,309 
3,103 
541 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
1,592 
1,289 
3,053 
503 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
5 
4 
14 
3 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o.  ............................................... 
30 
11 
33 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense ................................................................................. 
(82) 
(91) 
(175) 
(71) 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
(33) 
(12) 
(41) 
(3) 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
(40) 
(75) 
(126) 
(62) 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income ............................................................. 
33 
46 
93 
63 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
3 
39 
73 
43 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ................................................ 
1 
1 
2 
2 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
29 
5 
12 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission expenses ........................................................... 
(3) 
(4) 
(6) 
(10) 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG  ................................................. 
(2) 
(2) 
(4) 
(5) 
 
 
 
 
 
Net profit/loss from financial assets and liabilities held for trading .. 
(237) 
2,972 
5,576 
1,203 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
(244) 
2,972 
5,576 
1,203

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
Net profit/loss from hedging against risk of changes in fair value .... 
(267) 
(1,249) 
(1,188) 
(578) 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG  .............................................................. 
(267) 
(1,249) 
(1,188) 
(578) 
 
 
 
 
 
Administrative expenses  ................................................................... 
(3) 
(436) 
(35) 
(942) 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Services S.C.p.A.  ................................................. 
- 
(426) 
- 
(922) 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG  ................................................. 
3 
(4) 
(7) 
(11) 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
(4) 
(1) 
- 
- 
Total .................................................................................................. 
1,384 
2,547 
7,368 
206

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
BANKING REGULATION 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of Czech and Slovak banking regulation and 
supervision. The information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of Czech and Slovak banking 
regulation and supervision which the Issuer is subject to and is not intended to provide a comprehensive or 
complete description of Czech and Slovak banking regulation and supervision. 
Czech Banking Regulation 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Czech banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including the Czech Act No. 6/1993 Coll., on the Czech National Bank, as amended (the CNB Act), the Czech 
Banking Act, the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the 
Czech Capital Markets Act), the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in the Capital Market Area and 
Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended (the Czech Capital Market Supervision Act), the Czech Act 
No. 253/2008 Coll., the Act on Some Measures against Money-Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, as 
amended, the Czech Act No. 370/2017 Coll., on Payment Services, as amended, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech 
Act No. 93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended, the Czech Act No. 377/2005 Coll., on Supplementary 
Supervision over Banks, Credit Unions, Electronic Money Institutions, Insurance Companies and Investment 
Firms in Financial Conglomerates and amending some other acts, as amended (the Czech Financial 
Conglomerates Act), the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act, the Czech Act No. 257/2016 Coll., on Consumer 
Credit, as amended (the Czech Consumer Credit Act) and certain regulations issued by the CNB (known as 
measures and decrees) as well as directly applicable EU laws and regulations. 
The CNB 
The CNB exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Czech 
financial sector (including the capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector). The CNB also carries out the traditional activities of a central 
bank including fostering price stability through monetary policy as well as fostering financial stability and safe 
functioning of the financial system in the Czech Republic. 
As a general rule, the CNB exercises banking supervision over Czech banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Czech Republic) and Czech branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in EEA countries other than the Czech Republic which are conducting their banking business in the 
Czech Republic through a Czech branch passported in the Czech Republic, or without establishment of a Czech 
branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to supervision by their 
home country regulators, although their supervision is also partially carried out by the CNB. 
Under the Czech CNB Act and the Czech Banking Act, the CNB is empowered with an array of powers to regulate 
and supervise the Czech banking system. These powers, among others, include the power to: (i) grant banking 
licences; (ii) issue regulations containing the terms and conditions of entry into the banking sector and setting 
down prudential rules for specific areas of banking business; (iii) monitor the activities of banks, branches of 
foreign banks and credit unions; (iv) perform examinations (inspections) in banks, including foreign bank 
branches and credit unions; (v) grant prior consents to certain activities involving a bank, including the acquisition 
of a participation in a bank, the disposal of a bank’s business, the merger or winding up of a bank, or the 
termination of a bank’s activities; and (vi) impose remedial measures and penalties for shortcomings detected in 
banks’ activities (see section Remedial Measures and Penalties). 
Licensing 
As a general rule, only joint-stock companies that have been granted a banking licence by the CNB in compliance 
with the Czech Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Czech Republic as a bank. Certain exceptions apply 
to foreign banks established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Czech Republic 
through their Czech branch or on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services. Licences are issued 
for an indefinite period of time and contain a list of the activities that the respective bank is permitted to conduct. 
In some cases, licences also contain conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
activity or while conducting that activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of 
investment services and certain custodian services, may be conditional upon the fulfilment of special conditions. 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the CNB 
In a number of cases, the Czech Banking Act requires banks or other legal or natural persons to apply for consent 
from the CNB or to notify the CNB before executing particular transactions or operations. 
Prior consent of the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to acquire or increase a direct 
or indirect participation in a Czech bank so that it would reach or exceed 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per cent. or 
50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would become the bank’s 
controlling entity or have the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the bank’s management (this duty 
also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) in order to enter into an agreement pursuant to which the business 
enterprise of the bank or a part thereof is disposed of; (iii) in order to merge or divide the bank or to transfer its 
assets to its shareholder; (iv) for a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders to wind up the bank or cease 
to carry out any activity for which a licence is required; and (v) in order to reduce the capital of the bank, unless 
the capital is being reduced to cover a loss. 
A prior notification to the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to completely dispose 
of or reduce a direct or indirect participation in a bank so that it would fall below 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per 
cent. or 50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would cease to be the 
bank’s controlling entity or cease to have the possibility of exercising a significant influence over the bank’s 
management (this duty also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) of changes proposed to a bank’s articles of 
association relating to the parts that are required by law; (iii) of proposed personnel changes in the Board of 
Directors and senior management of the bank; (iv) of the bank’s intent to establish a legal entity (subsidiary), 
branch or representation abroad or to provide services abroad without establishing a branch; and (v) of the identity 
of a bank’s auditor. 
A subsequent notification to the CNB must be filed by a Czech bank without undue delay upon any acquisition 
of a participation in a legal entity, incorporation of a legal entity or participation in its incorporation if the Czech 
bank acquired or holds a direct or indirect participation in such legal entity of at least 10 per cent. of the registered 
capital or of the voting rights, or so that the Czech bank would become the legal entity’s controlling entity or has 
the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the legal entity’s management.  
Capital Adequacy Requirements 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) published its final standards on the 
revised capital adequacy framework, known as Basel III, which tightened the definition of capital and requires 
banks to maintain capital buffers on top of minimum capital requirements. On 27 June 2013, the CRD IV and the 
CRR, transposing Basel III into EU-law, have been published. 
The CRR (an EU-regulation which directly applies in all EU-Member States without any further national 
implementation steps) entered into force on 1 January 2014. Certain Czech laws (including amendments to the 
Czech Banking Act and an implementing Decree of the CNB No. 163/2014 Coll., on the Performance of the 
Activities of Banks, Credit Unions and Investment Firms, as amended (the Prudential Rules Decree)) 
implementing the CRD IV into Czech law were subsequently amended or newly promulgated in 2014, 
Thus, since 2014, the prudential requirements, in particular the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the 
Issuer have been substantially changed.  
Under the new rules, the only capital instruments eligible as own funds are: (i) CET 1 instruments; (ii) AT 1 
instruments (CET 1 and AT 1 together constituting the Tier 1); and (iii) tier 2 instruments (the Tier 2). 
Institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following capital ratios for own funds: (i) a CET 1 ratio of 4.5 
per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent.; and (iii) a total capital ratio constituted of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 of 8 per 
cent., all expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. The total risk exposure amount is in principle 
the sum of risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk, as well as the own funds requirements for market risk 
and operational risk

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
Therefore, while the total capital an institution needs to hold remains at 8 per cent., the share that has to be of the 
highest quality (i.e. CET 1) increased from 2 per cent. to 4.5 per cent.  
The new rules established the following new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the 
countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the systemic risk buffer, (iv) the global systemic institutions buffer and (v) the 
other systemic institutions buffer. The capital conservation buffer is equal to 2.5 per cent. The countercyclical 
capital buffer is 2.25 per cent. in the Czech Republic since 1 June 2023. The countercyclial capital buffer is 1.5 
per cent. in Slovakia with effect from 1 August 2023. The other systemically important institutions buffer 
applicable to the Issuer is equal to 1.5 per cent. The systemic risk buffer is not applied by the CNB as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
On top of these own funds requirements, the competent authorities may add extra capital requirements to cover 
other risks following a supervisory review and institutions may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital 
on their own.  
Under Basel III, banks (such as the Issuer) are required to meet two new liquidity standards: (i) the LCR and (ii) 
the NSFR. The LCR requires banks to hold an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can be 
used to offset the net cash outflows the bank would encounter under an acute short term stress scenario specified 
by supervisors. The NSFR measures the amount of longer term, stable sources of funding available to a bank in 
relation to the stable funding it requires over a one year period of extended stress, given the liquidity profiles of 
its assets and its off-balance sheet exposures. 
At the same time, the criteria for each capital instrument became more stringent; due to harmonized definitions of 
adjustments made to capital in order to determine the amount of regulatory capital that is prudent to recognise for 
regulatory purposes, the effective level of required regulatory capital has been increased significantly.  
In respect of credit risk, in order to calculate their risk-weighted exposure amounts, institutions shall apply either 
the standardised approach or (if permitted by the competent authorities) the internal ratings based approach (the 
IRB). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is using the IRB. 
Apart from the prudential requirements on own funds and regulatory capital described above, Czech credit 
institutions are subject to numerous other regulatory requirements stipulated by EU-law, including limits on large 
exposures, liquidity requirements, leverage ratios, as well as reporting and notification obligations. Credit 
institutions have to comply with such prudential and regulatory requirements not only on an individual level, but 
also on a group level. 
The CNB is authorised to apply certain remedial measures linked to failure to meet capital adequacy criteria. For 
example, the CNB may require the bank, among other things, to increase its capital to a sufficient level, to limit 
the acquisition of certain higher-risk assets, to refrain from paying interest on deposits where relevant interest 
rates would be in excess of the then current market level or to cease providing any loans to persons that have close 
personal or proprietary links with the bank. In an extreme case, the CNB is obliged to revoke the bank’s licence, 
unless the bank is subject to a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize) pursuant to the Czech 
Recovery and Resolution Act. 
Furthermore, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform 
package including proposals to amend the CRR, the CRD IV and BRRD (the EU Banking Reform) as part of the 
finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the EU. The individual pieces of law forming 
the EU Banking Reform were adopted on 20 May 2019. The amendments include, among other things, 
introduction of a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt, changes to the market risk framework by 
implementing the fundamental review of the trading book, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, 
introduction of a leverage ratio requirement, binding implementation of the NSFR, revisions to the Pillar 2 
framework and revisions to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book. Until the EU Banking 
Reform is adopted and implemented into Czech law in its final form, its impact on the Issuer and its business is 
uncertain. 
Financial Conglomerates 
Starting in September 2005, the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act came into force implementing Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 on the supplementary 
supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act, a bank is considered to be a “regulated person” when under 
certain circumstances it is subject to a regulation of the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act a financial conglomerate is a group or subgroup if: 
(a) 
the group or subgroup is headed by: (i) a regulated person, such as a bank, credit institution, insurance 
company or securities broker, which either: (a) controls a person in the financial sector; or (b) is a person 
who exercises a significant influence on a person in the financial sector; or (c) is a person connected to 
other person in financial sector through a unified management (d) is a person, the majority of whose 
members of statutory, managing and supervisory bodies comprise during most of the relevant accounting 
period individuals or persons, who are at the same time members of the statutory, managing and 
supervisory bodies of another person in the financial sector, or (ii) a person who is not a regulated person, 
provided the activity of the group is performed predominantly in the financial sector; 
(b) 
at least one person in the group or subgroup belongs to the insurance sector and at least one person in the 
group or subgroup belongs to the banking sector or investment services sector; and 
(c) 
the activities in the insurance sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate and the activities in the 
banking sector and investment services sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate are significant 
(where the extent of the sector’s significance is specified in detail in the Czech Financial Conglomerates 
Act). 
The supplementary regulation under the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act concerns mainly the following three 
areas at the level of the financial conglomerate: 
(d) 
capital adequacy; 
(e) 
risk management; and 
(f) 
intra-group transactions. 
The supplementary supervision is exercised at the level of the financial conglomerate, i.e. at the level of the 
regulated entity which is at the top of the financial conglomerate, or at the level of the regulated entity, the parent 
of which is a mixed financial holding company (i.e., a non-regulated entity controls a regulated entity) which has 
its head office in the EU. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not considered a regulated person subject to supplementary 
supervision at the level of financial conglomerate. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the Czech CNB Act, the CNB may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a 
pre-specified amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accounts with the CNB. The 
required minimum reserves may not exceed 30 per cent. of the total liabilities of the institution required to hold 
such reserves, net of its liabilities owed to other regulated persons. Currently, the CNB requires minimum reserves 
to amount to at least 2 per cent. of the aggregate of the following liabilities to entities other than banks or foreign 
banks with a maturity of up to two years: (i) customer deposits; (ii) loans accepted from customers; (iii) holdings 
by non-banking entities of outstanding non-marketable securities; and (iv) holdings by non-banking entities of 
other outstanding debt securities. Minimum reserves are calculated from liabilities denominated in CZK as well 
as other currencies. Failure by a bank or a branch of a foreign bank established outside the EEA to meet minimum 
reserve requirements exposes the bank to interest penalties equal to twice the average Lombard rate applicable 
during the period in which it was obliged to meet such minimum reserve requirements. 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, banks operating in the Czech Republic are 
required to monitor and manage liquidity risk. A bank must establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. Banks must also maintain a stable and diversified funding portfolio and manage

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
relationships with their principal creditors. For further details on how the Issuer manages liquidity risk, see section 
Risk Management – Liquidity Risk. 
Classification of Receivables and Impairment 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CRR and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to classify their exposures (especially those originating from 
granting of credit) according to the likelihood of default on such receivables into the following classes: (i) 
performing exposures; and (ii) non-performing exposures. The classification is realised in accordance with the 
approach to classification of exposures set out in the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 
of April 2014 laying down implementing technical standards with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions 
according to CRR. Following such classification, Czech banks and branches of foreign banks must follow 
procedures set by the Prudential Rules Decree to set amounts of expected losses on the exposures and create 
provisions and reserves to cover them.  
Large Exposures 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the Prudential Rules Decree and the CRR, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to comply with large exposure rules established by the CRR that 
limit the amount of their assets and off-balance-sheet items in respect of a person or economically connected 
group of persons. For the purposes of these rules, a large exposure to a person or economically connected group 
of persons is deemed to exist if the exposure value is equal to or higher than 10 per cent. of a bank’s eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, a Czech bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk 
mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25 per cent. of its eligible capital. 
If a group of connected clients includes one or more credit institutions or investment firms, the value of the 
exposure must not exceed 25 per cent. of a Czech bank’s eligible capital or EUR 150 million, whichever is higher, 
provided that the sum of exposure values, after taking into account the credit risk mitigation, to all connected 
clients that are not credit institutions or investment firms must not exceed 25 per cent. of the Czech bank’s eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, trading portfolio exposure to a person or economically connected group of persons may not 
exceed 600 per cent. of the sum of the eligible capital.  
Qualified Participations 
The Czech Banking Act defines a qualified participation as a direct or indirect participation in an entity which 
represents 10 per cent. or more of the registered capital or voting rights of such entity, or which makes it possible 
to exercise significant influence over the management of such entity. Under the CRR, a qualified participation 
held by a bank or its consolidated group in a non-financial institution (i.e., an entity that is neither a Czech bank, 
a foreign bank, a financial institution nor an ancillary services undertaking) may not exceed (i) in respect of a 
single legal entity, 15 per cent. of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital and (ii) in respect of all 
legal entities, a total of 60 per cent. of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital. These limits do not 
apply in specific limited circumstances. 
Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank may acquire a participation or share in another legal entity, incorporate 
another legal entity or participate in its incorporation only if: (a) the bank does not become a participant with 
unlimited liability; (b) the legal entity is not a person having a qualified participation in such bank (with some 
exemptions stated by the Czech Banking Act); (c) there are no legal or other obstacles to effective supervision of 
the bank’s activities; or (d) the investment is in compliance with the total strategy of the bank and the bank controls 
the risks connected with such investment, in particular, in light of the eventual obligations of the bank arising 
therefrom. 
Disclosure of Information 
Banks are required to disclose and file with the CNB a number of reports, including quarterly and annual reports. 
The form of the reports is specified in various CNB decrees. The annual report must contain, among other things, 
the bank’s financial statements and the external auditor’s report. Since 2002, banks’ internal risk management

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
systems must also be audited by statutory auditors, unless the CNB waives this requirement or limits it to only 
some parts thereof. The CNB reviews these reports and monitors whether regulations on liquidity, large exposures, 
capital adequacy, capital, qualified participations and other matters have been observed. Banks are also required 
to introduce effective mechanisms for dealing with customer complaints and to inform customers about these 
mechanisms in their premises. Banks must also disclose basic information about themselves, their shareholder 
structure, the structure of the consolidated group to which they belong, and their activities and financial situation 
on their website. Certain banks are also obliged to disclose information on compliance with the prudential rules. 
Deposit Insurance 
Primary deposits with Czech banks are insured with the Deposit Insurance Fund operated by the Financial Market 
Guarantee System established pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act (the Deposit Insurance Fund). 
All Czech banks and branches of foreign banks outside the EEA must participate in this deposit insurance scheme 
and contribute to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Deposit Insurance Fund is financed from contributions from 
banks, funds obtained at the financial market, subsidies, repayable financial assistance and loans provided by the 
CNB, investment yields on its funds and proceeds from finalised insolvency and liquidation proceedings. 
The condition for insuring each deposit is that the person making the deposit is duly identified, as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of individuals, the deposit must be identified by the individual’s name, surname, personal 
identification number or date of birth and address; and 
(b) 
in the case of legal entities, the deposit must be identified by the legal entity’s name, registered seat and, 
in the case of Czech legal entities, their identification number. 
Neither individuals nor legal entities need to apply for deposit insurance in order for their deposits to be covered. 
A deposit kept at a bank, building society or co-operative savings bank is insured automatically by operation of 
law. 
Subject to applicable limitations, deposit insurance covers all claims arising from deposits held in CZK or in other 
currencies registered as credit balances on accounts or deposit books, or evidenced by a certificate of deposit, 
deposit slip or another comparable document, and any interest accrued on such deposits. The deposit insurance 
does not cover deposit claims of banks, foreign banks, financial institutions, health insurance companies, state 
funds and certain other entities, such as members of the management or certain significant shareholders of the 
bank. Claims from subordinated debt and bills of exchange and other securities are also not covered by deposit 
insurance. 
The level of insurance coverage is calculated by aggregating the insured deposits of each depositor with the 
particular bank. Since 1 January 2011, the amount that can be paid to a depositor under the scheme is equal to 100 
per cent. of the aggregate of its deposits and is capped at the amount of EUR 100,000 per depositor per bank. For 
this purpose, the amounts paid in respect of deposits on joint accounts are proportionately allocated to each joint 
account holder. Since 1 January 2016, legislation has defined exceptional cases where even higher compensation 
may be paid out for a defined period of time. This increased compensation can exceed the basic limit of EUR 
100,000 by a maximum of an additional EUR 100,000. Such exceptional cases are e.g. deposit compensations for 
deposits resulting from real estate transactions related to private residential properties, settlement of the common 
property of spouses after divorce, insurance settlement (in the case of injury, illness, invalidity or death) and in 
other cases determined by law.  
A yearly contribution of a Czech bank to the Deposit Insurance Fund is calculated pursuant to a formula published 
by the CNB, which takes into account the amount of the insured deposits and the risk profile of the institution. In 
2022, the Issuer paid a yearly contribution to the Deposit Insurance Fund in the amount equal to CZK 751 million. 
Remedial Measures and Penalties 
Under Czech law, banks are obliged to carry out their business in a prudential manner, in particular in a manner 
that does not impair the interests of depositors in respect of recoverability of their interests or endanger the bank’s 
safety and soundness. Banks are also required to observe all applicable legal rules and regulations, including the 
terms and conditions stipulated in their licence. If the CNB detects any shortcomings in the activities of a bank, it 
is authorised, among other things to: (i) require the bank to remedy the situation within a specified period by, for 
example, restricting some of the bank’s activities, replacing persons in the bank’s management or the bank’s

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
supervisory board, or creating adequate provisions and reserves; (ii) change the bank’s licence by excluding or 
restricting some of the activities listed in the bank’s licence; (iii) order an extraordinary audit at the expense of 
the bank; (iv) impose a fine of up to CZK 50 million or, in some cases, of up to 10 per cent. of annual net turnover 
of the bank or the consolidated accounts of the parent undertaking; (v) require a reduction of the bank’s capital to 
cover any loss (to the extent that such loss is not covered by reserve funds and other funds), provided that the 
loss exceeds 20 per cent. of the bank’s equity; (vi) impose forced administration if the stability of the entire 
banking sector is endangered; and (vii) revoke the bank’s licence where serious Shortcomings persist or when the 
bank is insolvent. The CNB is also authorised to apply certain other measures, which are linked mainly to capital 
adequacy. 
Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may further exercise a range of crisis prevention 
measures and crisis management measures, as described above. 
Additionally, the CNB is authorised to take measures consisting of suspending the rights of shareholders who 
acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a bank without the CNB’s consent or who operate to the detriment of 
the sound and prudent management of the bank.  
Consolidated Supervision 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks, branches of foreign banks 
established outside the EEA and other entities forming consolidated groups are also subject to supervision on a 
consolidated basis, which includes monitoring and regulating the risks to which Czech banks and branches of 
foreign banks established outside the EEA are exposed due to their membership in a consolidated group. 
As a general rule, consolidated groups controlled by a bank or financial holding entity seated in other EEA 
Member States are not subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis. 
The consolidated groups subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis are mainly obliged to comply 
with: (i) the requirements for the internal management and control system; (ii) the rules for capital requirements; 
(iii) the large exposure rules; (iv) the restrictions on qualified participation; and (v) the rules for disclosure of 
information. When exercising supervision on a consolidated basis, the CNB co-operates with authorities 
responsible for supervising banks and financial institutions in other countries, and is entitled to exchange 
information with them. 
Slovak Banking Regulation46 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The Issuer conducts banking services in the Slovak Republic through its Slovak branch on the basis of a single 
bank licence under the EU single passport regime. 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Slovak banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including Slovak Act No. 566/1992 Coll., on National Bank of Slovakia, as amended (the Act on NBS), Slovak 
Act No. 747/2004 Coll. on Financial Market Supervision and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended, (the 
Slovak Financial Market Supervision Act), Slovak Act No. 371/2014 Coll., on Management of Crisis on the 
Financial Market and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak Financial Market Crisis 
Management Act), the Slovak Banking Act, Slovak Act No. 90/2016 Coll., on residential loans and on 
Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak Mortgage Loans Act), Slovak Act No. 566/2001 Coll., 
on Securities and Investment Services (Securities Act) and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the 
Slovak Securities Act), the Slovak Bonds Act, Slovak Act No. 186/2009 Coll., on Financial Intermediation and 
Financial Counselling and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak Financial Intermediation 
and Counselling Act), Slovak Act No. 118/1996 Coll., on Deposit Protection and on Amendments to Certain 
Acts, as amended (the Slovak Deposit Protection Act), Slovak Act No. 202/1995 Coll., Foreign Exchange Act, 
amending and supplementing Act of the Slovak National Council. 372/1990 Coll. on Misdemeanours, as amended 
(the Slovak Foreign Exchange Act), Slovak Act No. 297/2008 Coll., on Protection Against Legalization of 
Proceeds from Crime and Terrorist Financing and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak 
Anti-Money-Laundering Act) and other acts and certain regulations issued by the National Bank of Slovakia 
(NBS) (known as measures and decrees). 
 
46 Drafting note: Subject to review and comments by the Slovak counsel.

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
The NBS 
The NBS exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Slovak 
financial sector (including capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector).  
As a general rule, the NBS exercises banking supervision over Slovak banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Slovak Republic) and Slovak branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in the EEA countries, other than the Slovak Republic, conducting their banking business in the Slovak 
Republic through a Slovak branch passported in the Slovak Republic (such as the Issuer), or without establishment 
of a Slovak branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to 
supervision by their home country regulators. However, since the Slovak Republic is a member of the euro area, 
the Slovak branch of the Issuer is also subject to measures taken by the ECB. 
To the extent that the activities of the Slovak branch of the Issuer fall under the EU single passport regime, the 
general principle of home country supervision applies pursuant to the CRD IV and the Slovak branch of the Issuer 
is supervised by the CNB. Consequently, the NBS’s supervision over the Slovak branch of the Issuer should, in 
principle, be limited to the supervision of the liquidity of the Slovak branch of the Issuer and compliance with 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism rules pursuant to the Slovak Anti-Money-Laundering Act. Since 
Slovakia forms part of the Eurozone, the Slovak branch of the Issuer is also subject to the monetary policy 
regulations set by the ECB.  
Further, the Slovak Financial Market Supervision Act also extends the NBS supervision in the area of protection 
of financial consumers and other clients of Slovak branches of foreign banks relating to the offering or provision 
of financial services or transactions with Slovak branches of foreign banks. 
Considering that UniCredit S.p.A. (the sole shareholder of the Issuer) is included in the list of significant 
supervised entities published by the ECB, further implications of such ECB supervision may arise even with 
respect to the Slovak branch of the Issuer within the framework of the so-called Single Supervisory Mechanism.  
Licensing 
As a general rule, only companies that have been granted a banking licence by the NBS in compliance with the 
Slovak Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Slovak Republic as a bank. Exceptions apply to foreign banks 
established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Slovak Republic through their Slovak 
branch, such as the Slovak branch of the Issuer, or on the basis of the freedom of cross-border provision of 
services. As noted, the Slovak branch of the Issuer provides banking services under the EU single passport regime. 
Pursuant to the Slovak Banking Act applicable until 31 December 2017, a specific regime applied to mortgage 
business, where the Slovak branch of the foreign bank may have been authorized to conduct such business if the 
foreign bank was authorised to conduct mortgage business in its home country and upon obtaining a mortgage 
banking licence from the NBS subject to fulfilment of conditions stipulated in the Slovak Banking Act.  
One of the conditions was that the borrowers of mortgage loans and owners of mortgage bonds issued in the 
Slovak Republic and the borrowers of mortgage loans and owners of mortgage bonds issued in the country of 
establishment of the foreign bank would be provided equal rights (including equal status in bankruptcy 
proceedings). These rights must have been guaranteed at least to the extent of rights of borrowers on mortgage 
loans and mortgage bonds holders guaranteed under Slovak law. 
A licence is issued for an indefinite period of time, it is not transferable and does not pass to the legal successor. 
It contains a list of the activities that the bank is permitted to perform. In some cases, licences also contain 
conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted activity or while performing that 
activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of investment services and certain 
custodian services, may be conditional upon the receipt of a special authorisation. 
Slovak Regulation of Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to an amendment to the Slovak Banking Act, which applies as of 1 January 2018, a substantially new 
Slovak regulation for covered bonds applies.

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
The former concept of Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds was replaced by a new concept of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (in Slovak, krytý dlhopis) (the New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds), which similarly to the existing 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds, are covered by a specific ring-fenced pool of assets for the benefit of the holders 
of the New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. However, branches of EEA-established banks, such as the Issuer, 
are not allowed to issue the New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds, as this option is reserved only to domestic 
banks. Therefore, the Issuer is not able to issue new issues of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds or the New 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds from 1 January 2018. Any outstanding issues of the Slovak Mortgage Covered 
Bonds of the Issuer should not be affected by the approved amendment to the Slovak Banking Act as they will be 
governed by the rules applicable until 31 December 2017. 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the NBS 
In several cases, the Slovak Banking Act requires a Slovak branch of foreign bank to apply for consent from the 
NBS or to notify the NBS before executing particular transactions or operations. 
For instance, a prior consent of the NBS is required for the provision of information to third parties subject to 
banking secrecy in relation to the sale of Slovak branch or its part.  
A notification to the NBS is required, without limitation: (i) where a Slovak branch does not publish information 
that it is obliged to publish because of their immaterial, internal or confidential nature; and (ii) of the identity of a 
Slovak branch’s auditor.  
Significant Branch 
In accordance with the CRD IV, enhanced cooperation mechanism can be established between the regulators in 
the host and home countries in respect of branches considered significant. This entails mainly provision of 
information, e.g. in relation to the risk assessment and consulting of operational steps required in relation to 
implementation of recovery plans. 
The NBS may request that competent authority of the home member state of a foreign bank considers its Slovak 
branch as significant. The branch of the foreign bank can be considered significant with particular regard to the 
following: (i) whether the market share of the branch in terms of deposits exceeds 2 per cent. in the host state; (ii) 
the likely impact of a suspension or closure of the operations of the institution on systemic liquidity and the 
payment, clearing and settlement systems in the host state; (iii) the size and importance of the branch in terms of 
the number of clients within the context of the banking or financial system of the host state.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Slovak branch of the Issuer is not considered a significant branch in 
accordance with the CRD IV. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the Act on NBS, the NBS may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a 
pre-specified amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accordance with the Eurosystem 
rules on accounts with the NBS. The ECB applies a uniform positive reserve ratio to most of the balance sheet 
items included in the reserve base. Since 18 January 2012, the reserve ratio is 1 per cent. 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Slovak Banking Act and the NBS Regulation No. 18/2008 on Liquidity of Banks and Branches of 
Foreign Banks and Process of Liquidity Risk Management of Banks and Branches of Foreign Banks, as amended, 
banks and branches of foreign banks operating in the Slovak Republic are required to monitor and manage 
liquidity risk. The Slovak branch of the Issuer is required to establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. The Slovak branch of the Issuer must also maintain a stable and diversified 
funding portfolio and manage relationships with their principal creditors.

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
Disclosure of Information 
Banks and branches of foreign banks are required to disclose and file with the NBS a number of reports related to 
liquidity and other matters. The form of the reports is established by several NBS decrees.

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
MORTGAGE LOANS AND THEIR REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of the regulation of mortgage loans in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia. The information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of the regulation of 
mortgage loans in the Czech Republic and Slovakia which affects the Issuer and it is not intended to provide a 
comprehensive or complete description of regulation of mortgage loans in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. 
Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework in the Czech Republic 
Mortgage Bank as Pledgee 
The Issuer qualifies as a mortgage bank which, as the mortgagee, generally enjoys enhanced protection with regard 
to the receivables or parts of those receivables under Mortgage Loans which constitute Cover Assets included in 
the Cover Pool, which are used to cover the obligations of the Issuer from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
(i.e., their aggregate nominal value and the value of the proportionate yield).  
There are several methods to enforce a pledge over real property securing a Mortgage Loan. Where real property 
securing a Mortgage Loan is sold by way of judicial auction according to the Civil Procedure Code, the receivables 
of the Issuer as a mortgage bank (or as the mortgagee) will be satisfied in priority to any other receivables of all 
other creditors of the mortgagor and shall be satisfied immediately following only the deduction of the costs 
associated with the foreclosure auctions and with the administration of a respective building and tract of land (up 
to one tenth from the auction’s proceeds). 
Since 1 May 2000, a creditor whose claim is secured by a mortgage over real property does not need to resort to 
the sale of that property by way of judicial auction even in cases where the owner of the real property disagrees 
with the sale of the real property. According to Czech Act No. 26/2000 Coll., on Public Auctions, as amended 
(the Czech Public Auctions Act), the mortgagee may propose the implementation of an involuntary public 
auction, provided that the receivable has been confirmed by an enforceable court decision, enforceable arbitral 
decision or was documented by way of an enforceable notarial deed, which contains the particulars prescribed by 
applicable law. 
A valuation of the real property in public auction must be prepared in the form of an expert opinion and must not 
be older than six months as of the date of the auction. Information, the publication of which is required by law, or 
information published voluntarily by the auction participants is publicly accessible on a designated website. 
From the moment when the mortgagor of the real property receives written notice from the mortgagee of its 
intention to enforce the rights arising from the mortgage any legal steps undertaken by the mortgagor leading to 
the disposal, encumbrance or leasing of the Mortgaged Property or to the creation of new obligations that decrease 
the value of the Mortgaged Property or limit the ability to dispose of the Mortgaged Property are invalid. This 
limitation does not apply in cases where the object of the public auction has not been auctioned off or if the auction 
was nullified and a replacement auction is not scheduled or if the auctioneer cancelled the auction or if the auction 
was declared null and void. 
After deducting the costs associated with the public auction from its proceeds, claims of the creditors are satisfied 
in the following order: (i) claims relating to the administration of a respective building and tract of land (up to one 
tenth from the auction’s proceeds) and claims secured by a possessory lien; (ii) claims based on a Mortgage Loan 
covering the obligations arising from Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate nominal value); (iii) 
claims secured by a mortgage or by a restriction on the transfer of real property (where more of these mortgages 
are attached to the object of the auction such claims shall be satisfied according to the order of their origination); 
and (iv) claims that constitute taxes, fees, public health insurance, social security insurance and contributions to 
the state employment policy, if these became due in the last three years prior to the auction and have been filed 
by the authorised auction creditors (where more such claims are filed by the auction creditors, such claims shall 
be satisfied proportionally). 
The Civil Code effective as of 1 January 2014 has introduced two new methods of mortgage enforcement. These 
new methods, if agreed on in writing, may serve as alternatives to the sale of the real property in judicial or public 
auction.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
The first new method of enforcement of a claim secured by a mortgage is the direct private sale of the real property. 
This method is only available where the parties expressly agreed on it in writing. The mortgagee may, at any time 
during the process of enforcement by way of the direct private sale, change the method of enforcement and sell 
the real property in public or judicial auction. The mortgagor must be notified about such a change in due course. 
The mortgagee is not entitled to sell the real property prior to the day falling thirty days from (i) delivery (or 
deemed delivery under the terms of Czech law) of the mortgagee’s notification of the commencement of 
enforcement to the mortgagor; or (ii) the inscription of the commencement of enforcement of the mortgage into 
the Czech Real Property Register, depending on which of the events set out under paragraph (i) or (ii) occurs later. 
Should the mortgagee enforce the mortgage by a sale that does not qualify as a sale in the public auction under 
the Czech Public Auctions Act, the mortgagee has a duty to proceed with expert care, in a manner which ensures 
that the real property is sold at standard market price and other standard market conditions and at the same time 
to pursue not only its own interests, but also the interests of the mortgagor. 
Without undue delay after the sale of the real property, the mortgagee is obliged to provide the mortgagor with a 
report in writing, containing information about the sale, expenses incurred in the course of the sale, as well as 
information about the proceeds of the sale and their subsequent use. 
The other new method of mortgage enforcement is the mortgagee’s option to accept the real property as 
satisfaction for the secured debts. This alternative, like the enforcement by way of direct private sale, must be 
agreed on in writing. 
Mortgage agreements relating to the Mortgaged Property generally include detailed provisions governing the 
option for the benefit of the Issuer to enforce the mortgage by way of direct private sale. 
Regardless of the choice of enforcement method, the mortgagee is always entitled to reimbursement for 
necessarily and reasonably incurred expenses associated with the enforcement. 
Furthermore, irrespective of the method of enforcement, the mortgagee must always notify the mortgagor in 
writing of the commencement of mortgage enforcement. In this notice the mortgagee shall specify the method 
which will be used to enforce the claim. The mortgagee cannot proceed with the enforcement of the mortgage 
prior to the day falling 30 days from the delivery of such notice, unless such mortgage secures consumer loan for 
housing purposes, in which case the standstill period extends to 6 months. Due delivery of the written notice has 
significant effects on the mortgagor’s dispositional rights as the mortgagor may not, from the moment when the 
mortgagor receives the written notice, dispose of the real property without the mortgagee’s consent. Disposition 
made without such consent might be void; however, a breach of this prohibition does not affect the validity of a 
purchase agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, unless the purchaser must have known about 
the commencement of enforcement. 
The information relating to the changes introduced by the Civil Code are without prejudice to, and should be read 
in conjunction with the section headed The value of the Eligible Assets in the Cover Pool might be adversely 
affected by the unenforceability of legal documentation relating to the Mortgage Loans and mortgage agreements 
relating to the Mortgaged Property entered into or substantially amended after 31 December 2013. 
If the borrower under a Mortgage Loan is declared insolvent and the Issuer duly registers its claim in the 
insolvency proceedings, the Issuer as a mortgage bank (or as the mortgagee) will qualify as a secured creditor. 
However, the position of the Issuer as a secured creditor can be challenged in the insolvency proceedings. 
Following such a challenge filed by an Insolvency Administrator or another creditor, the Issuer would have to file 
an action with the insolvency court demanding that the receivable arising from the Mortgage Loan be recognised 
as a secured receivable. Should the Issuer be recognised as a secured creditor, it would be entitled to have its claim 
satisfied from the borrower’s assets that are subject to a first ranking security created in favour of the Issuer at any 
time after the decision on resolution of the borrower’s insolvency by liquidation of the borrower’s assets (in Czech, 
konkurs). Secured creditors are, after deduction of costs of administration (up to 4 per cent. of liquidation proceeds 
from the relevant asset) and liquidation (up to 5 per cent. of liquidation proceeds from the relevant asset) and 
remuneration of the Insolvency Administrator, satisfied from the proceeds of the liquidation of that asset in the 
order in which the legal grounds of their entitlement to such satisfaction from that particular asset arose. The 
priority of a statutory lien is determined on the basis of the date when it was inscribed into the Czech Real Property 
Register.

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
The Mortgage Code of Conduct 
The Issuer has acceded to the Mortgage Code of Conduct created under the auspices of the European Commission 
(the Code). Under the Code, the Issuer obliged itself to a transparent approach and to the adequate disclosure of 
information concerning mortgage loans. 
The Code is one of a number of pan-European attempts to establish voluntary rules for the granting of mortgage 
loans. The Code forms a part of the European Agreement on a Voluntary Code of Conduct on Pre-contractual 
Information for Home Loans (the European Mortgage Code Agreement), which aims to ensure that clients are 
provided with access to information about housing loans, and that this information is being presented in the same 
form and in the same manner throughout the entire European Union. The European Mortgage Code Agreement 
was signed by European representatives of associations of credit institutions and consumer organisations in March 
2001. The Czech Banking Association acceded to the Code in September 2005. The Issuer also acceded to the 
Code in September 2005. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive and the Czech Consumer Credit Act 
The Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements 
for consumers relating to residential immovable property (the Mortgage Credit Directive) has been transposed 
into Czech law in the Czech Consumer Credit Act, which became effective as of 1 December 2016. 
The Czech Consumer Credit Act stipulates that certain information must be provided to each potential customer 
by a mortgage bank in a form determined by the Czech Consumer Credit Act prior to the execution of the loan 
agreement. Each loan agreement must be made in writing and must contain all the information required by the 
Czech Consumer Credit Act. A failure to provide certain information regarding the pricing of the loan can affect 
the interest rate applicable to the loan. If any of the interest rate, the annual percentage rate of charge (the APRC) 
or the total amount payable by the customer is not included in the loan agreement, or such information was not 
provided in writing, the customer shall pay the interest equal to the repo interest rate issued by the CNB as at the 
date of the respective agreement. The Czech Consumer Credit Act also stipulates that if the interest rate and the 
total amount payable by the customer included in the loan agreement do not correspond, the provision more 
favourable to the customer shall apply. If the APRC included in the loan agreement is calculated incorrectly and 
the correct APRC is higher, the interest rate applicable to the loan shall be lowered to correspond to the APRC 
included in the loan agreement. 
The Czech Consumer Credit Act stipulates that customers are entitled to fully or partially prepay a consumer loan 
(including a mortgage loan) at any time before its due date. The customer can be charged only the costs reasonably 
incurred by the mortgage bank in connection with the prepayment. However, the mortgage bank cannot claim the 
costs it incurred in case of (i) a prepayment made within three months after the mortgage bank informed the 
customer of a new interest rate applicable to the loan; or (ii) a prepayment made in connection with a death, long-
term illness or disability of the customer or his spouse or partner, which materially impaired the customer’s ability 
to repay the loan; or (iii) a partial prepayment of no more than 25 per cent. of the loan amount, provided that the 
repayment was made during a month preceding an anniversary of the loan agreement. If the mortgage loan was 
prepaid in connection with the sale of the asset securing the loan, the mortgage bank can claim the costs not 
exceeding 1 per cent. of the prepaid amount and no more than CZK 50,000, provided that the loan agreement was 
entered into at least 24 months prior to the prepayment date. 
The CNB Regulation and Recommendation 
Since August 2021, the CNB Act enables the CNB to set binding upper limits on the LTV, debt-to-income (DTI) 
and debt service-to-income (DSTI) ratios for all providers of consumer credit secured by residential property in 
connection with the identification of the systemic risks relating to those loans. 
Based on macroprudential analyses and the information gathered by the CNB in the course of financial market 
supervision, the CNB may decide to issue: 
(a) 
provisions of a general nature on setting upper limits on credit ratios, setting the specific values for the 
upper limits of the LTV, DTI and DSTI ratios; and

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
(b) 
recommendations on the management of risks associated with the provision of consumer credit secured 
by residential property. Until 2021, such recommendation contained a summary of recommended limits 
for selected credit ratios and a set of other rules, the observance of which constituted prudent behaviour 
when conditions on the financial market are taken into account. Since 2021, it contains selected 
conditions related to the provision of mortgage loans, which are not regulated by the CNB Act and 
specified by the provision of a general nature, e.g. maximum maturity, acceptable methods of principal 
repayment, increasing the principal of an existing mortgage loan. 
The currently set upper limits for LTV and DTI ratios announced in the provision of a general nature of 2 June 
2023 (the Provision of General Nature) and applicable as of 1 July 2023 are as follows:47 
(a) 
maximum LTV: 80 per cent. (90 per cent. for applicants under the age of 36); 
(b) 
maximum DTI: 8.5 (9.5 for applicants under the age of 36). 
The providers of consumer loans secured by a residential property may generally exercise an exception stipulated 
by the CNB Act (the Statutory Exemption), under which they may provide, in a particular calendar quarter, 
consumer loans secured by residential property not meeting the LTV and DTI ratios prescribed by the Provision 
of General Nature, provided that (i) the volume of such provided loans does not exceed 5 per cent. of the total 
amount of consumer loans secured by residential property provided in the previous calendar quarter; (ii) such 
loans are duly recorded as not meeting the LTV and DTI ratios prescribed by the Provision of General Nature; 
and (iii) their provision is duly justified in terms of securing the return of such loans. 
In order to, among other things, strengthen the effectiveness of the Provision of General Nature and to define the 
parameters of some lending conditions and credit standards that the CNB considers prudential and material from 
the financial stability point of view, the CNB published on 19 June 2023 a non-binding recommendation regarding 
the retail mortgage risk management (the Recommendation 2023), which replaced the previous recommendation 
published on 10 December 2021. 
Under the Recommendation 2023, prudence should be exercised when assessing consumer credit applications of 
consumers whose LTV and DTI ratio would exceed the upper limit set in the Provision of General Nature and 
would thus be provided under the Statutory Exemption. 
The previous provision of a general nature applicable as of 1 April 2022, contained in addition the maximum 
DSTI set upper limit for credit ratios as 45 per cent. (50 per cent. for applicants under the age of 36), which is no 
longer in force with effect from 1 July 2023. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer complies with the Recommendation 2023. 
General Conditions of the Market 
Main competitors 
More than a dozen banks currently operate on the mortgage market in the Czech Republic. The main mortgage 
lenders, in addition to the Issuer, are Komerční banka, a.s., Česká spořitelna, a.s., Československá obchodní banka, 
a.s., Raiffeisenbank a.s., Hypoteční banka, a.s. and MONETA Money Bank, a.s. 
Housing market 
According to a 2021 census, there were about 4.48 million occupied dwellings (5.34 million dwellings in total in 
2021) in the Czech Republic. The number of houses has overall increased by approximately 375,000 since 2011. 
The following table illustrates the structure of the housing stock in terms of tenure status according to the 2021 
census: 
Rental housing: 
20 per cent. (22 per cent. in 2011) 
Co-operative ownership: 
3 per cent. (9 per cent. in 2011) 
 
47 CNB’s requirements for LTV, DSTI and DTI limits available at:  
https://www.cnb.cz/en/financial-stability/macroprudential-policy/requirements-for-ltv-dsti-and-dti-limits/

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
Owner-occupied housing 
(own house / private ownership): 
61 per cent. (56 per cent. in 2011) 
Other free use of dwelling: 
6 per cent. (4 per cent. in 2011) 
Other: 
3 per cent. (1 per cent. in 2011) 
Not identified: 
7 per cent. (8 per cent. in 2011) 
Real property under the Civil Code 
The Civil Code effective as of 1 January 2014 introduced a different legal concept of real property in the Czech 
Republic, which has also certain implications for existing mortgages. 
The Civil Code has reintroduced the superficies solo cedit principle into Czech private law. In accordance with 
this principle, a building is considered as part of a plot of land upon which it is erected. Consequently, the building 
on its own is not capable of being sold or mortgaged. This might raise the question of whether a mortgage over a 
plot of land entered into prior to 1 January 2014 automatically extends to the building erected on such a plot of 
land (and vice versa) on the day on which the Civil Code became effective. The Civil Code provides certain 
exceptions to the superficies solo cedit principle, including (without limitation) the situation in which either a plot 
of land or a building erected on it is mortgaged in favour of a third party and the nature of this mortgage is 
irreconcilable with the plot of land and the building being legally treated as one legal object. As a result, in most 
situations where a plot of land or a building is subject to a mortgage, the plot of land and building will continue 
to exist as separate legal objects and an encumbrance weighting on one of these assets will not extend to the other. 
Secondly, the Civil Code established a pre-emption right over buildings in favour of owners of the underlying 
land and vice versa, provided that the relevant plot of land and the relevant building are not treated as a single 
legal object. The statutory pre-emption right must be respected in case of any disposal with the respective building 
or land. Therefore, if a mortgagee wishes to sell Mortgaged Property encumbered by such a pre-emption right, 
the building or plot of land should, in the first instance, be offered to the beneficiary of the pre-emption right. 
Even if not exercised, the pre-emption right survives the sale of the real property and continues to exist. 
State housing assistance programmes 
The state of the Czech Republic is no longer acting as an active investor on the housing market and does not own 
housing stock. However, at the same time, it respects the particularities of the housing market, which necessitate 
a certain degree of state intervention. Financial intervention by the state is concentrated into several basic areas 
such as promoting the construction of rental housing and technical infrastructure, support for the repair of housing 
stock and the provision of state loans for repairs, modernisation and expansion of the housing stock. The 
implementation of the above mentioned support for housing is carried out primarily through the Ministry for 
Regional Development and the State Investment Support Fund (in Czech, Státní fond podpory investic). 
The following programmes for the support of housing and for the repair of housing stock are in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
Support in the area of housing financed by the Ministry for Regional Development: 
• 
Support for housing in areas with strategic industrial zones which aims to support the development of 
rental housing in the areas affected by rapid growth of job opportunities by increasing the number of 
rental dwellings for permanent housing.  
Support in the area of housing financed by the State Investment Support Fund: 
• 
Loans for the purpose of construction and creation of social and affordable apartments and social, 
affordable and combined houses (available for legal persons only).  
• 
Aid for the revitalization of areas with old construction burden (brownfields) financed from the EU’s 
Recovery and Resilience Facility

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
• 
Aid and loans for the revitalization of areas with old construction burden (brownfields) for non-economic 
use. 
• 
Loans for the purpose of repairs and modernization of residential buildings comprised of at least four 
apartments called “Panel 2013+”. 
• 
Aid related to natural disasters – low-interest loans and grants for amelioration of the consequences of 
natural disasters called “Živel”. 
Additionally, there are also subsidies in place financed by the Ministry of the Environment through the programme 
“Nová zelená úsporám” (New Green for Savings), a grant programme funded by the sale of emission allowances 
for the support of renewable resources and for energy saving. In September 2023, the Ministry of the Environment, 
in cooperation with the State Investment Support Fund, will launch a motivational subsidy program for Czech 
households, which is intended to increase the pace of renovation of energy-deficient family houses and to help 
renew the existing housing stock. The subsidy is financed from the Modernization Fund and a total of CZK 55 
billion is prepared for subsidies from the New Green for Savings programme. 
The Business Strategy of the Issuer 
In connection with the continuing economic development in the Czech Republic, the Issuer expects that there 
should be preconditions for its business activities in the field of mortgage banking. The Issuer is closely tracking 
the market changes connected to the market situation in 2022. The Issuer’s strategy is to provide mortgage loans 
within a complete portfolio of products (see section Description of the Issuer – Business Overview of the Issuer). 
Credit Management 
The Issuer’s strategy in the area of loans is to grant a loan on the basis of the demonstrable ability of the borrower 
to generate strong cash flow through his or her activities, sufficient to repay the debt regardless of whether the 
debt is a mortgage or another type of loan. 
The goal of the credit assessment process is to prepare a true picture of the client’s status; this analysis attempts 
to uncover any known significantly negative factors relating to the client that could lead the client into serious 
financial distress (see section Risk Management – Credit & Integrated Risk – Credit Risk Management at 
Individual Client Level). 
Securing of Loans 
The Issuer secures its receivables or parts of those receivables under the Mortgage Loans by mortgages over the 
Mortgaged Property, which must meet the relevant statutory requirements. 
In broad terms, the Issuer accepts not only completed buildings (approved for use), but also buildings or properties 
under construction, flats and commercial spaces as the subject of a mortgage. Buildings can be located on the land 
of the mortgagor or on the land belonging to a third party. A mortgage over a building on the land belonging to a 
third party might be accepted by the Issuer, but only if there is: (i) an easement right established in favour of the 
building located on such a land belonging to a third party; (ii) a loan contract; (iii) a lease contract for at least the 
duration of the loan relationship; or (iv) if the client submits an agreement for a future contract for the relevant 
land containing conditions for sale of land that are satisfactory for the Issuer. 
The Mortgaged Property, which the Issuer accepts, is valued in accordance with the Issuer’s own methodology. 
If a mortgage loan is on the borderline of being an acceptable risk, the Issuer usually requires additional security 
for the debt. 
Appraisal of Properties 
The Issuer ascertains the Mortgaged Lending Value in accordance with the applicable law. The Mortgaged 
Lending Value for the purposes of issuing Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and for the purposes of bank lending 
in the open market is based on the market value estimated by an independent appraiser.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
The Issuer has developed its own methodology for the appraisal of the Mortgaged Property and has established 
an organisational unit whose job is to methodically guide the external appraisers and departments dealing with 
lending activity within the Issuer. The Issuer’s methodology, based on the fundamental principles of a market 
valuation of real property that is in line with recognised international standards, is generally used for valuations. 
This methodology determines the market value and the “future value” (after the completion of unfinished work). 
The Issuer understands the market value is generally based on comparable evidence of other properties, i.e., 
material, yield and correlation, and in particular on local knowledge, market conditions, status and utilisation of 
the evaluated property. The appraisal of the market value is usually submitted to the Issuer by external 
collaborators which are appraisers who follow the methodology of the Issuer. Prior to making the appraisal, the 
appraiser is required to collect all the necessary documents relating to the properties, including photographs, and 
to carry out a physical inspection. Prudence is applied in analysing the available information during the valuation 
process. The methodology is in accordance with the rules set out in section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Contractual Arrangements of the Loan Relationship 
Conditions for granting, utilisation and repayment of the loan between the Issuer and the clients are regulated in 
bilateral credit agreements, loan contracts or similar contracts constituting a mortgage loan. The essential 
preconditions for the utilisation of a mortgage loan are the creation or application for registration of a mortgage 
over the real property, insurance on a building (if relevant) and the full restriction of transferability of the real 
property. Mortgage loans for construction, reconstruction, modernisation or repair are typically utilised gradually. 
Mortgage loans which are extended to purchase real properties, refinance the existing loans or credits or settle the 
ownership of the real property would typically be drawn by the borrower in a single lump-sum. 
The interest rate in the contract for the provision of the mortgage loan is agreed as fixed, with a set duration, 
which, in accordance with the client’s choice, can be established from one up to ten years. Before the expiration 
of this stipulated period the Issuer will notify the client about the new interest rate. If the client does not agree 
with the change in the interest rate, the loan may be accelerated on the date of the expiration of the current interest 
period, unless the parties agree otherwise. The client is obliged to repay the mortgage loan in the form of monthly 
annuity payments. The Issuer has the right to collect payments from a client’s current account, which is established 
for this purpose. 
The client is entitled to the early repayment of the loan. In such case the Issuer is entitled to compensations for 
the costs actually incurred in connection with the early repayment up to the limit pursuant to the Czech Consumer 
Credit Act (see section Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework The Mortgage Credit Directive and the 
Czech Consumer Credit Act).  
The Issuer, in accordance with the contract for the mortgage loan, may also charge the client, in addition to the 
interest on the loan, also the interest on arrears, up to the interest rate stipulated in the loan contract plus an amount 
in accordance with the applicable tariff (in each case, subject to limits of applicable laws). In accordance with the 
loan contract, the Issuer may take additional measures to protect its interests, especially to restrict or terminate the 
utilisation of the loan, increase the interest rate on the loan or require its early repayment. 
Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework in Slovakia 
Mortgage Bank as Pledgee 
The Slovak branch of the Issuer is licensed to provide mortgage loans in Slovakia. Since mortgage loans provided 
by the Issuer in Slovakia are secured by mortgage over real estate owned by the relevant borrowers, the Issuer 
acting through its Slovak branch as the mortgagee, enjoys enhanced protection with regard to the receivables or 
parts of those receivables under Mortgage Loans which constitute Ordinary Cover Assets included in the Cover 
Pool used to cover the obligations of the Issuer from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate 
nominal value and the value of the proportionate yield).  
In case of a default, the Slovak branch of the Issuer as a mortgagee may enforce its rights towards a mortgagor (i) 
in a manner specified in the mortgage agreement (e.g. in direct private sale or a public tender pursuant to 
provisions of the Slovak Commercial Code), (ii) through voluntary auction pursuant to Slovak Act No. 527/2002 
Coll., on voluntary auctions and supplementing Act No. 323/1992 Coll. on Notaries (Notarial Code), as amended, 
or (iii) by execution.

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
Irrespective of the method of enforcement, the mortgagee must always notify the mortgagor in writing of the 
commencement of mortgage enforcement. In this notice the mortgagee shall specify the method which will be 
used to enforce the claim. The mortgagee cannot proceed with the enforcement of the mortgage prior to the day 
falling 30 days from the delivery of such notice. Due delivery of the written notice has significant effects on the 
mortgagor’s dispositional rights as the mortgagor may not, from the moment when the mortgagor receives the 
written notice, dispose of the real property without the mortgagee’s consent. Disposition made without such 
consent might be void; however, a breach of this prohibition does not affect the validity of a purchase agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of business, unless the purchaser must have known about the commencement 
of enforcement. The mortgagee may, at any time during the process of enforcement change the method of 
enforcement. The mortgagor must be notified about such a change in due course. 
The execution proceeding requires an enforcement order of the court and an estimate of the value of the auctioned 
real property.  
If agreed in a mortgage agreement, a mortgage may be enforced by means of a direct private sale of the real 
property or a public tender pursuant to the provisions of the Slovak Commercial Code. The mortgagee is not 
entitled to sell the real property prior to the day falling thirty days from (i) delivery of the mortgagee’s notification 
of the commencement of enforcement to the mortgagor or (ii) inscription of the commencement of enforcement 
of the mortgage into the Slovak Real Property Register, depending on which of the events set out under (i) or (ii) 
occurs later, unless the mortgagee and mortgagor agree on the earlier sale after the delivery of the notification. 
Without undue delay after the sale of the real property, the mortgagee is obliged to provide the mortgagor with a 
report containing information about the sale, expenses incurred in the course of the sale, as well as information 
about the proceeds of the sale and its subsequent use. 
The mortgagee has a duty to proceed with due care, in a manner which ensures that the real property is sold at 
standard market price and other standard market conditions and at the same time to defend not only its own 
interests, but also the interests of the mortgagor. 
Regardless of the choice of enforcement method, the mortgagee is always entitled to reimbursement for 
necessarily and reasonably incurred expenses associated with the enforcement. 
If the borrower under a Mortgage Loan is declared insolvent, the Slovak branch of the Issuer as a mortgage bank 
(or as the mortgagee) will qualify as a secured creditor. The position of the Issuer acting through its Slovak branch 
as a secured creditor can be challenged in insolvency proceedings. Following such a challenge filed by an 
Insolvency Administrator, the Issuer acting through its Slovak branch would have to file an action with the 
insolvency court demanding that the receivable arising from the Mortgage Loan be recognised as a secured 
receivable. Should the Issuer acting through its Slovak branch be recognised as a secured creditor, it would be 
entitled to have its claim satisfied from the borrower’s assets that are subject to a first ranking security created in 
favour of the Issuer at any time after the decision on resolution of the borrower’s insolvency by liquidation of the 
borrower’s assets (in Slovak, konkurz). Secured creditors are, after deduction of costs of administration and 
liquidation of the relevant asset and remuneration of the Insolvency Administrator, satisfied from the proceeds of 
the liquidation of that asset in the order in which the legal grounds of their entitlement to such satisfaction from 
that asset arose. The ranking of a statutory lien is determined on the basis of the date when it was inscribed into 
the Slovak Real Property Register. 
Tax bonus for mortgage loans for persons under 35 years of age 
After the amendment of Slovak Act No. 595/2003 Coll. on Income Tax, the state, since 1 January 2018, does not 
directly grant subsidies to persons under 35 years of age from the state budget for the acquisition of housing 
anymore. Instead of being provided with a subsidy by the state, the eligible persons are entitled to seek a tax bonus 
from the interest paid on their mortgage loan. The tax bonus would amount to 50 per cent. of the interest paid in 
the relevant tax period but not more than EUR 400. The tax bonus is only calculated from a maximum amount of 
EUR 50,000 per mortgage loan per residential property. 
Allowances for mortgage loans for newlyweds 
In addition to the tax bonus, the Slovak Banking Act defines the conditions for granting more favourable rates for 
loans to recently married persons (i.e. newlyweds with marriage lasting not more than 2 years), both under 35 
years of age, from the state budget. It is the percentage by which the state reduces the interest rate stipulated in

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
the loan (the State Subsidy for Newlyweds). The precise amount of the State Subsidy for Newlyweds is defined 
yearly in the Slovak Act on State Budget (currently Slovak Act No. 526/2022 Coll., on State Budget for 2023, as 
amended). The current subsidy provided by the state is 3 per cent. p.a. The State Subsidy for Newlyweds will be 
provided for a loan of up to EUR 10,000. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive and the Slovak Mortgage Loans Act 
Under the Slovak Mortgage Loans Act implementing Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property 
(the Mortgage Credit Directive) the Slovak branch of the Issuer must comply with several obligations in relation 
to the loans provided in relation to the housing, including mortgages (i.e. Other Slovak Mortgage Loans). These 
obligations are mostly connected to informing of a borrower, advertising of financial products, APRC and regular 
evaluation of the ability of the borrower to repay the Other Mortgage Slovak Loan.  
If the Other Mortgage Slovak Loan agreement (i) is not concluded in the written form, (ii) does not contain 
mandatory requirements under Slovak Mortgage Loans Act (e.g. APRC, total amount payable by the customer), 
or (iii) APRC in the Other Mortgage Slovak Loan agreement is incorrect and unfavourable to the customer, the 
Other Mortgage Slovak Loan is deemed to be interest-free and free of charge. 
The Slovak Mortgage Loans Act stipulates that customers are entitled to fully or partially prepay the consumer 
loan at any time before its due date. Generally, the customer can be charged only the costs reasonably incurred by 
the mortgage bank in connection with the prepayment, which, however, shall not exceed, subject to certain 
exceptions, 1 per cent. of the prepaid amount of the consumer loan. The mortgage bank cannot claim the costs it 
incurred in case of (a) a prepayment made in connection with the change of interest rate applicable to the loan 
where the mortgage bank informed the customer of a new interest rate at least two months before the change, or 
(b) a partial prepayment in one or more instalments in total of no more than 30 per cent. of the loan amount a 
calendar year. The consumer has the right to make a payment according to the previous sentence once every 
calendar month. 
Main competitors 
Most banks in Slovakia provide residential and mortgage loans. The main mortgage lenders, in addition to the 
Issuer, are Tatra banka, a.s., Všeobecná úverová banka, a.s., Slovenská sporiteľňa, a.s., Československá obchodná 
banka, a.s., Prima banka Slovensko, a.s. and 365.bank, a. s.

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF THE PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE 
AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS. PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS OF MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION 
OF MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, 
UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE 
RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS. 
1. Disclosure of information in connection with payments 
General Information 
Pursuant to the Czech withholding tax rules applicable to the Eurobonds under the Czech Income Taxes Act as 
amended by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. and Act No. 353/2021 Coll., unless exempt from tax or unless a Tax 
Treaty states otherwise, income payable by an issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be subject 
to the Withholding Tax and the Tax Security (as the case may be). 
As a withholding agent, the Issuer is liable, on a strict-liability basis, for (i) a proper withholding of any 
Withholding Tax and Tax Security (as the case may be) which are required to be withheld or deducted at source 
at an appropriate rate under any applicable law by or within the Tax Jurisdiction from any payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as well as (ii) the granting of any relief therefrom (whether 
in the form of an exemption or application of a reduced rate) (a Tax Relief). The Issuer also bears the related 
burden of proof vis-à-vis the tax authorities which necessitates, before any Tax Relief can be granted, collection 
of certain information and documentation concerning, in particular, the identity and country of tax residence of 
the recipient of a payment of principal or interest in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (together with relevant 
evidence thereof) which would enable the Issuer to reliably establish that such recipient is a Beneficial Owner 
with respect to any such payment and that it meets all conditions for any applicable Tax Relief to be granted (the 
Beneficial Ownership Information).  
The tax relief at source and refund procedures for the Czech Republic implemented by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are designed to facilitate collection of the Beneficial Ownership Information are available at 
the website of the International Capital Market Services Association at www.icmsa.org, as amended or replaced 
from time to time (the Certification Procedures). Mortgage Covered Bondholders must seek their own 
professional advice to satisfy themselves that they comply with all the applicable procedures and any requirements 
thereunder (whether documentary or otherwise) to ensure a tax treatment of their Mortgage Covered Bonds which 
duly reflects their particular circumstances for the purposes of applying any Withholding Tax, Tax Security and 
Tax Relief (as the case may be) and should consult the latest announcements in relation to the Certification 
Procedures on the websites of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (www.euroclear.com and 
www.clearstream.com) and on the website of the International Capital Market Services Association 
(www.icmsa.org). None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents or the ICSDs (or any other 
clearing system) assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Quick Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest and/or 
principal in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds have been made net of any Withholding Tax or Tax Security, 
because the Beneficial Ownership Information under the Relief at Source Procedure could not, for any reason, be 
duly or timely collected, may be entitled to a refund of the amounts so withheld pursuant to the quick refund 
procedure as set out in the Certification Procedures (the Quick Refund Procedure).

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
Standard Refund Procedure 
The Beneficial Owners who are otherwise entitled to a Tax Relief and to whom the payments of interest in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds have been made net of any Withholding Tax, because the Beneficial Ownership 
Information under the Relief at Source Procedure or the Quick Refund Procedure could not, for any reason, be 
duly or timely collected may deliver correct, complete and accurate Beneficial Ownership Information to the 
Issuer no later than three years from the end of a calendar year in which the payments which were subject to any 
relevant withholdings with respect to Withholding Tax were made (the Standard Refund Procedure). 
The Beneficial Ownership Information shall be delivered to the address of the registered office of the Issuer, in 
person or by first class mail or (if posted from an address overseas) by airmail and marked for the attention of: 
Ladislav Bušovský 
Tax Department Manager 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Želetavská 1525/1 
140 92 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
and shall include the Beneficial Owner’s up-to-date contact details together with evidence of the Beneficial 
Owner’s holding of or interest in the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, which shall be used by the Issuer for the 
purposes of any refund-related communication. 
The Issuer shall proceed in accordance with the then applicable laws of the Czech Republic and shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to obtain the refund or will inform the Beneficial Owner that it is not in position to process 
such request. Subject to the due and timely receipt of the Beneficial Ownership Information, if the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines that it is entitled to file a refund claim with the Czech tax authorities for 
any previously withheld Withholding Tax and obtains a refund of any amounts so withheld, it shall pay any such 
amounts to the Beneficial Owner within ten Business Days of receipt thereof from the Czech tax authorities, net 
of a fixed amount of EUR 1,000 (excl. VAT, if any) to cover the Issuer’s administrative costs and expenses 
pertaining to the refund claim. 
Any communication in respect of the Standard Refund Procedure shall be made directly between the Issuer and 
the relevant Beneficial Owner as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Principal Paying Agent are not 
engaged in the Standard Refund Procedure. 
The Issuer may publish additional information in relation to the Standard Refund Procedure (including a change 
in contact details for delivery of the Beneficial Ownership Information) on the website of the Issuer. 
In case of any withholding for or on account of the Tax Security, the relevant Beneficial Owner must directly 
approach the Czech tax authorities. 
2. Taxation in the Czech Republic 
The following is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Mortgage Covered Bonds. This discussion does not purport to be a comprehensive description of 
all tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds. As each Tranche 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms of such Tranche 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following section only provides some 
very general information on the possible tax treatment. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific 
facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This overview is based on the laws of the Czech 
Republic currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. The information contained within this section are limited to 
taxation issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including 
(but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The description below represents a brief summary of selected material tax aspects of the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the Czech Republic. The summary is mainly based on the Act No.

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
586/1992 Coll., on Income Taxes, as amended (Income Taxes Act), and on other related laws which are effective 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus as well as on the administrative practice or the prevailing interpretations 
of these laws and other regulations as applied by Czech tax, administrative and other authorities and bodies and 
as these are known to the Issuer at the date of this Prospectus. The information contained herein is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. The description below is solely of a general nature 
(i.e. it does not take into account, for example, specific tax treatment of certain taxpayers such as investment, 
mutual or pension funds) and may change in the future depending on changes in the relevant laws that may occur 
after this date, or in the interpretation of these laws which may be applied after that date. In this respect, please 
note that the below description of Czech tax treatment of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has been significantly 
affected by the Act No. 609/2020 Coll. (2021 ITA Amendment) and Act No. 353/2021 Coll. (2022 Banking Act 
Amendment), which amends some acts in the field of taxes and some other acts. The 2021 ITA Amendment has 
significantly changed the tax regime of bonds issued after 31 December 2020. Subsequently, the 2022 Banking 
Act Amendment has reintroduced some provisions abolished by 2021 ITA Amendment. The new rules are quite 
controversial. Therefore, the tax regime of bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) is currently associated 
with many ambiguities. In the Issuer's opinion, the summary below represents a rational interpretation of the 
relevant provisions of the Income Taxes Act in relation to bonds. 
The following summary assumes that the person to whom any income is paid in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is a beneficial owner of such income (within the OECD meaning of this term), i.e. it does not act, 
for example, as a proxy, agent, depositary or in any other similar position in which any such payments would be 
received on account of another person or entity. 
For the purposes of this section (Taxation), the following terms have the following meaning: 
Beneficial Owner means a holder of a Mortgage Covered Bond if such holder is also a beneficial owner (within 
the OECD meaning of this term) in respect of income paid on or in connection with such Mortgage Covered Bond 
or a recipient of such income who qualifies as a beneficial owner within the above meaning, in each case under 
the Income Taxes Act as well as for the purposes of a relevant Tax Treaty (if any). 
Czech Permanent Establishment means a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic under the Income 
Taxes Act as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Coupon means any bond yield other than a bond yield that is determined by reference to the difference between 
the nominal value of a bond and its issue price (i.e. yield determined as the Discount). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Coupon also includes the Early Redemption Premium. 
Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond means a mortgage covered bond that has the issue price equal to its nominal 
value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond is not a mortgage covered bond with a 
yield that is determined by reference to the combination of the Discount and the Coupon. 
Czech Tax Non-Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic neither under the Income 
Taxes Acts nor under any Tax Treaty. 
Czech Tax Resident means a taxpayer who is a tax resident of the Czech Republic under the Income Taxes Acts 
as well as under a relevant Tax Treaty, if any. 
Discount means a positive difference between the nominal value of a mortgage covered bond and its lower issue 
price. 
Discounted Mortgage Covered Bond means a mortgage covered bond that has the issue price lower than the 
nominal value. For the avoidance of doubt, the Discounted Mortgage Covered Bond is also a mortgage covered 
bond with a yield that is determined by the combination of the Discount and the Coupon. 
Early Redemption Premium means any extraordinary yield paid by an issuer in the event of early redemption 
of a mortgage covered bond.

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
Legal Entity means a taxpayer other than an individual (i.e. a taxpayer which is subject to corporate income tax 
but who may not necessarily have a legal personality). 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident other than the Qualifying Czech 
Tax Non-Resident. 
Person Related Through Capital means every person (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) in a situation 
where (i) one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, another person, or (ii) 
one person directly or indirectly participates in the capital of, or voting rights in, several persons and, in each case, 
such participation (whether direct or indirect) constitutes at least 25 per cent. of the registered capital of, or 25 per 
cent. of the voting rights in, such other person/persons. 
Relief at Source Procedure means a procedure whereby income proceeds are paid taking into account exemption 
and/or applicable reduced rate as foreseen by the applicable tax laws or under any applicable Tax Treaty. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident means the Czech Tax Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal 
Entity) who (i) is not the Person Related Through Capital to the Issuer and (ii) has not created a legal relationship 
with the Issuer mainly for tax reasons (i.e. with the aim to reduce a tax base or to increase a tax loss). 
Tax Security means a special amount collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding 
Agent (for example by the issuer of a bond or by the buyer of a bond) upon payment of taxable income which 
serves essentially as an advance with respect to tax that is to be self-assessed by the recipient of the relevant 
income (i.e. unlike the Withholding Tax, the amount so withheld does not generally represent a final tax liability). 
Tax Treaty means a valid and effective tax treaty concluded between the Czech Republic and another country 
under which the Czech Tax Non-Resident is treated as a tax resident of the latter country. In the case of Taiwan, 
the Tax Treaty is Act No. 45/2020 Coll., on the elimination of double taxation in relation to Taiwan, as amended. 
Withholding Agent means a payer of (taxable) income who is responsible for making the deduction of (i) the 
Withholding tax or (ii) the Tax Security, as applicable, and their remittance to the tax authorities. 
Withholding Tax means a tax collected by means of a deduction at source made by the Withholding Agent (for 
example by the issuer of the bond) upon payment of taxable income. Save in certain limited circumstances, such 
tax is generally considered as final. 
Interest Income 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per 
cent. This tax represents final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax or Tax Security. 
Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 
per cent. and 23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 
times the average wage amounting to CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). However, the general tax base does not include 
the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond paid by the Issuer (or another amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and the price for which the individual 
acquired the Mortgage Covered Bond. If an individual holds the Mortgage Covered Bond, which is the Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bond, until its maturity (or early redemption) and this individual acquired such Mortgage 
Covered Bond on a secondary market at an amount below the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond (or 
below other amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
Early Redemption Premium, if any), such (positive) difference is also included in the individual’s general tax 
base. 
(b) Legal Entities 
The yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a Legal Entity is not subject to the 
Withholding Tax, but it is rather included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a 
flat rate of 19 per cent. The Legal Entity which is an accounting unit is generally required to recognise the yield 
in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
The yield from the Mortgage Covered Bond (whether in the form of the Discount or the Coupon) paid to a 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident (whether an individual or a Legal Entity) is exempt from Czech taxation. 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Residents 
(a) Individuals 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to an individual is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per 
cent. or 35 per cent. The 35 per cent. rate applies to recipients, which do not have Czech Permanent Establishment 
to which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable and, at the same time, are tax residents of neither (i) an 
EU/EEA member state nor (ii) a country with which the Czech Republic has an effective double tax treaty or an 
effective double (or multilateral) treaty on the exchange of information. The 15 per cent. rate applies to all other 
recipients. This tax generally represents a final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, an 
individual who is a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state may decide to include the Coupon in his/her tax 
return filed in the Czech Republic for the relevant tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents 
an advance payment which is credited against the final Czech tax liability as declared in the tax return. 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to an individual is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 
23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the average 
wage amounting to CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). However, the general tax base does not include the amount of the 
Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond paid by 
the Issuer (or another amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but 
excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any) and the price for which the individual acquired the Mortgage 
Covered Bond. However, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not attributable to the individual’s Czech Permanent 
Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed the Discount (i.e. if such difference is higher, the amount of the 
Discount will be included in the general tax base). Furthermore, if an individual is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA 
member state, the Issuer will withhold the Tax Security at the rate of 1 per cent. applicable to a gross amount paid 
(i.e. the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond upon the maturity or the amount paid by the Issuer upon 
an early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium, if any). This 
Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax return for the relevant tax year 
(any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) an individual holds the Mortgage Covered Bond, 
which is the Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond, until its maturity (or its early redemption), (ii) this individual 
acquired such Mortgage Covered Bond on a secondary market for an amount below its nominal value (or below 
the amount paid by the Issuer upon early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early 
Redemption Premium, if any) and (iii) such Mortgage Covered Bond is attributable to that individual’s Czech 
Permanent Establishment, such (positive) difference is also included in the individual’s general tax base. 
 (b) Legal Entities 
The yield in the form of the Coupon paid to a Legal Entity, where the Mortgage Covered Bond is not attributable 
to its Czech Permanent Establishment, is subject to the Withholding Tax at a rate of 15 per cent. or 35 per cent. 
The 35 per cent. rate applies to recipients, which are tax residents of neither (i) an EU/EEA member state nor (ii) a 
country with which the Czech Republic has an effective double tax treaty or an effective double (or multilateral)

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
treaty on the exchange of information. The 15 per cent. rate applies to all other recipients. This tax generally 
represents final taxation of the Coupon in the Czech Republic. However, the Legal Entity who is a tax resident of 
an EU/EEA member state may decide to include the Coupon in its tax return filed in the Czech Republic for the 
relevant tax year. In such a case, the above Withholding Tax represents an advance payment which is credited 
against the final self-assessed tax liability as declared in the tax return. The yield in the form of the Coupon paid 
to a Legal Entity, where the Mortgage Covered Bond is attributable to its Czech Permanent Establishment, is not 
subject to the Withholding Tax. Instead, it is included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income 
tax at a rate of 19 per cent. Furthermore, if the Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the 
Issuer will withhold a Tax Security at the rate of 10 per cent. applicable to the amount of the Coupon (on a gross 
basis). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in a Czech tax return for the relevant 
tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). 
The yield in the form of the Discount paid to the Legal Entity is not subject to the Withholding tax. Instead, it is 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 19 per cent. However, the 
general tax base does not include the amount of the Discount, but rather the (positive) difference between the 
nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond paid by the Issuer (or the amount paid by the Issuer upon early 
redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and the price at which 
the Legal Entity acquired the Mortgage Covered Bond. However, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not 
attributable to Legal Entity’s Permanent Establishment, the taxable amount cannot exceed the Discount (i.e. if 
such difference is higher, the amount of the Discount will be included in the general tax base). Furthermore, if the 
Legal Entity is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA member state, the Issuer will withhold the Tax Security at the rate 
of 1 per cent. applicable to gross amount (i.e. the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond at maturity or the 
amount paid by the Issuer upon an early redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early 
Redemption Premium). This Tax Security is creditable against the final tax liability as declared in the Czech tax 
return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security overwithholding is generally refundable). If (i) a Legal Entity 
holds the Mortgage Covered Bond, which is the Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond, until its maturity (or its early 
redemption), (ii) this Legal Entity acquired such Mortgage Covered Bond on a secondary market for an amount 
below the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bond (or below the amount paid by the Issuer upon early 
redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bond, but excluding the Early Redemption Premium) and (iii) such 
Mortgage Covered Bond is attributable to that Legal Entity’s Czech Permanent Establishment, such (positive) 
difference is also included in its general tax base. 
A Legal Entity which is an accounting unit and where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to its Czech 
Permanent Establishment, is generally required to recognise the yield (whether in the form of the Discount or the 
Coupon) in its profit and loss statement on an accrual basis. 
Capital gains/losses 
Czech Tax Residents 
(a) Individuals 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds that have not formed part of business assets of an 
individual are generally exempt from personal income tax if: 
• 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
• 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds which the individual has held for 
more than three years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds where a purchase agreement is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years 
from their acquisition is not tax-exempt).

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale 
may still apply but only if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of 
that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are included in the general 
tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 23 per cent. depending 
on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the average wage amounting to 
CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). If an individual has held the Mortgage Covered Bonds in connection with his/her 
business activities, such gains are also subject to social security and health insurance contributions. Losses from 
the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are generally tax non-deductible, except where 
such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other securities in the same year and the income from 
the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is not tax-exempt. 
(b) Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are included in the general tax base, which is subject 
to corporate income tax at a rate of 19 per cent. Losses from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by 
Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. 
Czech Tax Non-residents 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident are subject to 
taxation in the Czech Republic provided that: 
• 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to a Czech Permanent Establishment of the Czech Tax 
Non-Resident selling these Mortgage Covered Bonds, or 
• 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are acquired by (i) a Czech Tax Resident or (ii) a Czech Tax Non-Resident 
acquiring the Mortgage Covered Bonds through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Therefore, capital gains realised by a Czech Tax Non-Resident where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold to 
another Czech Tax Non-Resident and where such Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to neither (i) a Czech 
Permanent Establishment of the seller nor (ii) a Czech Permanent Establishment of the buyer, are out of scope of 
Czech taxation. 
(a) Individuals 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds that have not formed part of business assets of an 
individual are generally exempt from personal income tax if: 
• 
total annual (worldwide) gross income (i.e. not gains) of that individual from the sale of securities 
(including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) does not exceed the amount of CZK 100,000, or 
• 
such gains are derived from the sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds which the individual has held for 
more than three years prior to their sale (however, income from a future sale of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds where a purchase agreement is concluded after 3 years but where income arises within 3 years 
from their acquisition is not tax-exempt). 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds formed part of business assets of an individual, the exemption upon their sale 
may still apply but only if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold no earlier than 3 years after the termination of 
that individual’s business activities. 
Taxable gains (as defined above) from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are 
included in the general tax base, which is subject to personal income tax at a progressive rate of 15 per cent. and 
23 per cent. depending on individual’s applicable bracket (the threshold for higher bracket is 48 times the average 
wage amounting to CZK 1,935,552 in 2023). If an individual has held the Mortgage Covered Bonds in connection

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
with his/her business activities, such gains may also be subject to social security and health insurance 
contributions. Losses from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by an individual are generally tax 
non-deductible, except where such losses are compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other securities in the 
same year and the income from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is not tax-exempt. 
Furthermore, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold by an individual who is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA 
member state, a buyer acting as a Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 1 
per cent. of the gross purchase price. The buyer will be act as a Withholding Agent if he/she/it is: 
• 
a Czech Tax Resident, or 
• 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to his/her/its 
Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-Resident 
selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security 
overwithholding is generally refundable). 
(b) Legal Entities 
Capital gains from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, which are subject to Czech taxation (as defined 
above), are included in the general tax base, which is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 19 per cent. 
Losses from the sale of the Mortgage Covered Bonds realised by the Legal Entities are generally tax deductible. 
However, according to certain interpretations, such losses are not tax deductible for a Czech Tax Non-Resident 
who does not keep its accounting books under the Czech accounting rules. 
Furthermore, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are sold by a Legal Entity which is not a tax resident of an EU/EEA 
member state, a buyer acting as the Withholding Agent may be required to withhold a Tax Security amounting to 
1 per cent. of the gross purchase price. The buyer will be acting as a Withholding agent if he/she/it is: 
• 
a Czech Tax Resident, or 
• 
a Czech Tax Non-Resident and the acquired Mortgage Covered Bonds are attributable to his/her/its 
Czech Permanent Establishment. 
Any Tax Security withheld is creditable against the final tax liability as declared by the Czech Tax Non-resident 
selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds in a Czech tax return for the relevant tax year (any Tax Security 
overwithholding is generally refundable). 
Benefits under Tax Treaties 
A Tax Treaty may reduce or even fully eliminate Czech taxation of interest income from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or capital gains from their sale (including a Tax Security withholding, if applicable). Such Tax Treaty relief 
is usually applicable on the condition that the income recipient who is a Czech Tax Non-Resident does not hold 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds through his/her/its Czech Permanent Establishment. Furthermore, the entitlement 
to particular Tax Treaty benefits is generally conditional on presenting documents proving that the income 
recipient qualifies for the Tax Treaty benefits including, in particular (i) a tax residency certificate issued by the 
relevant tax authorities and (ii) a beneficial ownership declaration of the income recipient. Entitlement to 
particular Tax Treaty benefits may also be conditional on meeting further specific criteria under that Tax Treaty. 
Reporting Obligation 
An individual holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds (whether a Czech Tax Resident or a Czech Tax Non-
Resident) is obliged to report to the Czech tax authorities any income earned in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds if such income is exempt from taxation in the Czech Republic and exceeds, in each individual 
case, CZK 5,000,000. The reporting must be fulfilled within the deadline for filing a personal income tax return.

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
A non-compliance with this reporting obligation is penalized by a sanction of up to 15 per cent. of a gross amount 
of the unreported income. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Czech value added tax payable in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, or in respect of the transfer of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Other taxes or duties 
No registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty is payable 
in the Czech Republic by either the Czech Tax Resident or the Czech Tax Non-resident in respect of or in 
connection with the mere purchase, holding or disposition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
1. 
GENERAL 
The Dealers have, in the Dealer Agreement dated 12 October 2023 (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such further 
agreement will, among other things, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, the price at which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductions (if any) payable by the Issuer in respect of such purchases. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be subscribed and purchased in accordance with the Dealer Agreement and 
its provisions, as well as any Subscription Agreement or any such further agreement as may be entered into 
between the Issuer and one or more Dealers. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and 
represented by a Global Note which is held in custody by or on behalf of the relevant Clearing System. The 
Mortgage Covered Bonds as (beneficial, depending on the rules of the Clearing System) co-ownership interests 
in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. Subject to the 
arrangements between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, the Mortgage Covered Bonds would initially be 
delivered to the account(s) of the relevant Dealers which have subscribed the relevant issuance of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and then distributed, directly or indirectly through one or more custodians, to the accounts of any 
investors. The issue price for the Covered Bond is payable to the Issuer based on and in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement, a Subscription Agreement or any such further agreement as may be entered into between the 
Issuer and one or more Dealers. 
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
2. 
SERIES AND TRANCHES 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds under this Programme will be issued in Series and Tranches. There is no specific 
concept of an issuance period in the Terms and Conditions. At any time after the issuance of a first Tranche of a 
Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds (until its maturity), the Issuer may decide to issue one or more further Tranches 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are (i) identical to the Mortgage Covered Bonds of such first Tranche in all 
respects, except for different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and, if applicable, dates for 
first interest payments and (ii) expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series with such first Tranche (and, 
as the case may be, other Tranches of such Series issued at that time) whereupon the Mortgage Covered Bonds of 
any such further Tranche will, as set out in the Final Terms of such new Tranche, be consolidated and form a 
single Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds with the first Tranche (and, as the case may be, any further Tranches 
of such Series issued at such time). For each new Tranche which is to be consolidated and form a single series 
with existing Tranches, new Final Terms will be prepared which set out, inter alia, the Series and Tranche(s) such 
new Tranche is to be consolidated with and the date of such consolidation. There is, other than the limit of the 
Programme, no specific limitation as to the aggregate principal amount of Tranches forming a single Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
3. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (including any successor 
regulations or rules in substantially the same form as the TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules, as applicable, for the 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Mortgage Covered Bonds (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Mortgage Covered Bonds are a part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Mortgage Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds, an 
offer or sale of such Mortgage Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may, make an offer of such Mortgage Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those Mortgage Covered 
Bonds may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-
exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a base prospectus in relation to such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such 
base prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such base 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer; 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds to the public in relation to 
any Mortgage Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); 
or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom or UK) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Mortgage Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it will not offer or sell any Mortgage Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Mortgage Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Mortgage Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 6 May 2013, 21 June 2016, 31 October 2017, 26 May 2020, 22 June 2021, 20 
September 2022 and 3 October 2023. The increase of the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Mortgage 
Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme from €7,000,000,000 to €10,000,000,000 has 
been duly authorised by the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 3 October 2023. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, listing and admission to trading of Covered Bonds 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU) and MiFIR (Regulation (EU) No 600/2014) 
respectively. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another 
stock exchange or market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
listed or admitted to trading on another stock exchange or market, if the Issuer ensures that all laws and regulations 
are complied with including, amongst others, any applicable requirements for notifications of competent 
authorities and other requirements set out in the Prospectus Regulation. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and markets.  
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage Covered Bond will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Mortgage Covered Bond will be EUR 100,000 or, where it is a Mortgage Covered Bond to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR 1,000 (or, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office 
of the Paying Agent for the time being in London and, in the case of the documents listed under paragraphs (a), 
(b), (c), (d), (f) and (g), also on the Issuer’s website www.unicreditbank.cz, where they will remain publicly 
available in electronic form for at least 10 years after their publication on the relevant websites: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer, available at: section “Debt 
Investor Relations”, sub-section “Articles of Association of the Bank”; 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021 (drawn up in English or with an English translation thereof), in each case 
together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, available at: section “Debt Investor 
Relations”, sub-section “Annual reports”; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 
2023 and 2022; 
(d) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework;

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
(e) 
the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, available at: section “Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section “UniCredit 
Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €10 bln Covered Bond Programme”; and 
(g) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference available at: section 
“Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section “UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International 
€10 bln Covered Bond Programme”. 
Clearing Systems 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Further, Mortgage Covered Bonds may be cleared through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany). 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notification to the Czech National Bank 
Pursuant to Section 8a of the Czech Capital Market Supervision Act, the issuance of each Series or Tranche of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds must be notified to the CNB no later than on the date of issue of the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds setting out the place of issue and amount of relevant Series or Tranche and the form, 
yield and maturity of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 30 June 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2022. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any contracts (excluding contracts entered into in 
the ordinary course of business) which are, or may be, material or which contain a provision under which the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to security holders in respect of securities to be issued under the Programme.

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer were previously Deloitte Audit s.r.o. (the Previous Auditor), members of the Chamber 
of Auditors of the Czech Republic, registration number 079, who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021. The statutory auditor responsible for the audit of the Issuer's accounts as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 is Mr. David Batal, registration number 2147. 
Since 1 January 2022, the auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Česká republika Audit, s.r.o. (the Current Auditor), 
members of the Chamber of Auditors of the Czech Republic, registration number 071, who have audited the 
Issuer's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing as of and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022. The statutory auditor responsible for the audit of the Issuer's accounts as 
of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is Mr. Jindřich Vašina, registration number 2059. 
The reason for the change of the auditors of the Issuer is of formal nature, where the Issuer changes its auditors 
on a regular basis.  
The Issuer states that neither the Previous Auditor, the Current Auditor nor any of their members have any 
significant interest in the Issuer. In connection with this statement, the Issuer especially took into account the 
Previous Auditor’s and the Current Auditor’s potential ownership of securities issued by the Issuer, the Previous 
Auditor’s and the Current Auditor’s potential prior participation in any governing bodies of the Issuer, and/or the 
Previous Auditor’s and the Current Auditor’s potential affiliation with other entities involved in the Issue. The 
reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in this Base Prospectus with the consent of the 
auditors who have authorised the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
In accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer will make available a sustainability bond 
allocation report, which will initially be issued the earliest one year after the issuance of the first Green Mortgage 
Covered Bond, Social Mortgage Covered Bond or Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bond and then annually until 
maturity. The sustainability bond allocation report will be made available for each Green Mortgage Covered Bond, 
Social Mortgage Covered Bond or Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bond under the Sustainability Bond 
Framework and will include: 
(a) 
the total amount of Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Mortgage Covered Bonds outstanding; 
(b) 
the total amount allocated to eligible projects; 
(c) 
the total amount allocated per eligible category; 
(d) 
the remaining unallocated total amount; and 
(e) 
the amount or the percentage of new financing and refinancing. 
In addition, an impact report will be made publicly available on the expected environmental and/or social impacts 
of the eligible projects on at least an annual basis, subject to the availability of the relevant data. Qualitative 
reporting such as project descriptions or case studies might be provided instead of key environmental impact 
indicators, should these not be available. The sustainability bond allocation report and the impact report will be 
made available on the website of the Issuer www.unicreditbank.cz (section “Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section 
“UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €10 bln Covered Bond Programme”). 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations,

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
INDEX 
 
$ ...................................................................... 7 
€ ...................................................................... 7 
€STR® ............................................. 40, 97, 191 
€STR®i-pTBD ........................................... 97, 191 
2021 Financial Statements .............................. 7 
2021 ITA Amendment ................................ 360 
2022 Banking Act Amendment................... 360 
2022 Financial Statements .............................. 7 
Accessory Asset .......................................... 268 
Accessory Assets Records .......................... 272 
Accessory Debts.......................................... 271 
Accessory Debts Records ........................... 272 
Act on NBS ................................................. 345 
Adjusted Value............................ 173, 212, 234 
Aggregate Principal Amount ...... 158, 186, 225 
Alternative Performance Measures ................. 6 
Alternative Reference Rates ......................... 41 
Amortisation Yield ...................................... 229 
Angepasster Wert .................................. 78, 144 
Annual Financial Statements .......................... 7 
APRC .......................................................... 351 
ARRC ............................................................ 41 
Articles of Association ................................ 318 
Asset Monitor........................ 11, 173, 213, 235 
Asset Monitor Agreement ... 173, 213, 235, 287 
Asset Monitor Business Day ....... 173, 213, 235 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date .. 173, 213, 235 
Asset Monitor Report .................................. 288 
asset separation tool .................................... 276 
AT 1 ............................................................ 333 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag .. 81, 123, 147 
Ausgabetag ...................... 81, 92, 122, 134, 147 
Austauschtag ................................... 62, 92, 134 
Authorised Signatory .................. 174, 213, 235 
bail-in tool ................................................... 277 
Bank Austria ............................................... 302 
Bank Rate .................................................... 192 
Bank Working Day ..................... 167, 206, 230 
Bankarbeitstag.. 71, 73, 87, 101, 103, 106, 113, 
115, 129, 139, 141, 154 
Banking Day ...... 168, 182, 194, 196, 199, 208, 
221, 232, 243 
Bargeld .......................................... 79, 121, 145 
Base Prospectus ...................................... 1, 250 
Basel Committee ........................................... 31 
Basel II .......................................................... 31 
Basel III ......................................................... 31 
BCBS .......................................................... 340 
Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds .................... 1 
Beleihungsauslauf ......................... 81, 123, 147 
Beliehene Immobilie ..................... 81, 123, 147 
Benchmark .................................................... 40 
Benchmark Regulation ............................... 265 
Benchmarks .................................................. 40 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................ 6, 40 
Beneficial Owner ........................................ 360 
Beneficial Ownership Information ............. 358 
Beobachtungszeitraum ............................ 96, 97 
Berechnungsstelle ......................... 74, 105, 116 
Berechnungszeitraum... 65, 106, 107, 108, 109, 
135 
Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum
 ........................................................ 62, 92, 134 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit................................... 105 
Bildschirmseite ................................... 101, 103 
BPV............................................................. 328 
BPV limit .................................................... 329 
bridge institution tool .................................. 276 
BRRD ........................................................... 32 
BRRD I ......................................................... 32 
BRRD II ........................................................ 32 
Brussels I Recast ......................................... 283 
Calculation Agent ....... 169, 198, 208, 209, 261 
Calculation Period ..... 161, 199, 200, 201, 202, 
227 
Call Date ..................................... 165, 204, 229 
Call Dates ...................................................... 42 
Call-Option ................................................... 42 
Capital Adequacy Directives ........................ 31 
Cash .................................... 174, 213, 235, 268 
CBA .............................................................. 26 
CEE ............................................................... 22 
Certification Procedures ............................. 358 
CET 1 .......................................................... 333 
CFBF............................................................... 6 
Civil Procedure Code .................................... 37 
Clearing System .......................... 158, 186, 225 
Clearingsystem ............................... 63, 93, 134 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .......... 158, 186, 225 
Clearstream, Luxemburg ................ 63, 93, 134 
CMS .......................................................... 6, 39 
CNB ................ 21, 79, 121, 145, 174, 213, 235 
CNB Act ..................................................... 339 
CNB Decree ................................ 174, 213, 236 
CNB-Verordnung ......................... 79, 121, 145 
COBS .......................................................... 249 
Code .............................. 76, 118, 143, 351, 367 
Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings . 38, 
278 
Common Representative ............. 184, 224, 246 
Common Safekeeper ...... 63, 93, 135, 159, 187, 
226

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
Compounded Daily €STR® ................... 97, 191 
Compounded Daily SOFR® .................. 96, 190 
Compounded Daily SONIA® ................ 95, 189 
Conditions ............................................. 60, 249 
Connected Persons ...................................... 275 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool 
Balance ................................ 174, 213, 236, 287 
Contractual Asset Cover Test .... 178, 217, 239, 
287 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria... 178, 217, 240, 
285 
Corporate and Investment Banking Segment
 .................................................................... 300 
Coupon ........................................................ 360 
Coupon Mortgage Covered Bond ............... 360 
Cover Asset ................................................. 267 
Cover Assets ............................... 174, 213, 236 
Cover Assets Register ......... 174, 213, 236, 266 
Cover Pool .......................... 174, 213, 236, 266 
Cover Pool Liquidation ............................... 280 
Covered Block ............................................ 271 
Covered Block Administrator ............... 48, 279 
Covered Block Records .............................. 271 
Covered Bond Directive ............................... 46 
Covered Bonds Debts ................................. 271 
COVID-19..................................................... 20 
CRA Regulation ...................................... 1, 265 
CRD IV ......................................................... 31 
CRD V .......................................................... 32 
CRR ............................................ 174, 213, 236 
CRR Commercial Mortgage Loan ..... 174, 214, 
236 
CRR I ............................................................ 31 
CRR II ........................................................... 32 
CRR Mortgage Loans ......... 174, 214, 236, 266 
CRR PSB’s Receivables ..... 174, 214, 236, 268 
CRR PSB-Forderungen ................. 80, 121, 146 
CRR Residential Mortgage Loan 174, 214, 236 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen ...... 79, 80, 121, 146 
CSSF ............................................................... 1 
Currency Exchange Rates ............................. 47 
Current Auditor ........................................... 373 
Custodian .................................... 184, 223, 246 
Czech Bank ................................................. 274 
Czech Banking Act ............. 174, 214, 236, 266 
Czech Bonds Act..................... 1, 174, 214, 236 
Czech Bonds Act Measure .......................... 275 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans .... 174, 214, 
236, 266 
Czech Capital Market Supervision Act ....... 339 
Czech Capital Markets Act . 175, 214, 236, 339 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act .... 175, 
214, 236 
Czech Commercial Loans ........................... 289 
Czech Consumer Credit Act ....................... 339 
Czech Corporations Act .............................. 318 
Czech Financial Conglomerates Act ........... 339 
Czech Insolvency Act ................. 175, 214, 236 
Czech Koruna ................................................. 7 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders ......... 34 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds . 15, 175, 214, 
236 
Czech Permanent Establishment ................. 360 
Czech Property Valuation Act .... 175, 214, 236 
Czech Public Auctions Act ......................... 349 
Czech Real Estate Register ......................... 285 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act ............ 32 
Czech Retail Residential Loans .................. 289 
Czech Tax Non-Resident ............................ 360 
Czech Tax Resident .................................... 360 
CZK ................................................................ 7 
Dauerglobalurkunde........................ 62, 92, 134 
Day Count Fraction ............. 161, 199, 227, 258 
Dealer ................ 1, 80, 122, 146, 175, 214, 237 
Dealer Agreement 80, 122, 147, 175, 214, 237, 
367 
Dealers .................................... 1, 175, 214, 237 
Debts ........................................... 175, 214, 237 
Debts Records ............................................. 272 
Deckungsaktiva ............................. 79, 121, 145 
Deckungsmasse ............................. 79, 121, 146 
Deckungsregister .......................... 79, 121, 146 
Declaration of Bankruptcy .................... 38, 278 
Declaration of Insolvency ..................... 38, 278 
Default ........................................ 175, 214, 237 
Defaulted Loan ........................... 175, 214, 237 
Delegated Prospectus Regulation ................. 10 
Deposit Insurance Fund .............................. 344 
Depotstelle .................................... 90, 132, 156 
Derivate......................................... 80, 122, 147 
Derivative ................................................... 268 
Derivatives .................................. 175, 214, 237 
Designated Maturity ................................... 198 
Discontinuation Event......................... 195, 197 
Discount ...................................................... 360 
Discounted Mortgage Covered Bond ......... 360 
distributor ................................................ 5, 249 
DSTI ........................................................... 351 
DTI .............................................................. 351 
Early Redemption Amount ......................... 228 
Early Redemption Premium ........................ 360 
ECB......................................................... 22, 41 
EEA..................................................... 1, 4, 248 
Eingetragener Nennwert ............... 82, 124, 148 
Einlagenzinssatz .......................................... 98 
Einstellungsereignis ............................ 102, 103 
Eligible Assets ............................................ 267 
Eligible Entity ............................................. 279 
Eligible Green Projects ................................. 48 
Eligible Social Projects ................................. 48

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
Emergency Intervention Proposal ................. 30 
Emissionsrendite ......................................... 138 
Emittentin .............................................. 92, 134 
EMMI .............................................................. 6 
Enforcement Code ...................................... 267 
Entitlement Date ........................................... 47 
EPC ............................................................. 292 
Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor ................... 72, 114, 140 
Ersatz-Wechselkurs ....................... 72, 114, 140 
Ersten Person ................................ 82, 124, 148 
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag 81, 122, 
147 
ESG ................................................................. 6 
ESG ratings ..................................................... 6 
ESMA ..................................................... 1, 265 
EU ................................................................. 19 
EUR ........................................................ 7, 251 
Euribor .......................................................... 39 
euro ................................................................. 7 
Euroclear ................. 63, 93, 135, 158, 186, 225 
European Mortgage Code Agreement ......... 351 
Euro-Zone ........................... 101, 105, 194, 198 
EUWA .................................................... 5, 248 
Event of Default .......................... 180, 219, 242 
Exchange Date ............................ 158, 186, 225 
Extendable Maturity Structures .................. 273 
Extended Maturity Date ................ 45, 164, 203 
Fälligkeitstag ................................. 67, 110, 136 
FCR ............................................................. 290 
Festgelegte Stückelung ......................... 92, 134 
Festgelegte Währung ............................ 92, 134 
Festzinszeitraum ........................................... 94 
FIEA ............................................................ 369 
Final Terms ............................................. 1, 248 
Financial Statements ....................................... 7 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date 175, 215, 
237 
First Person ................................. 177, 216, 239 
Fixed Interest Term ..................................... 188 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds ........... 39 
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds ............................................................ 39 
Fixing Sponsor ...... 71, 113, 139, 167, 206, 230 
Floating Interest Term ................................. 188 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds ....... 39 
FOMC Target Rate ............................... 99, 193 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung ............ 81, 123, 148 
FSMA ...................................................... 5, 248 
GDP .............................................................. 20 
GDPR ............................................................ 33 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ................ 90, 132, 156 
General Insolvency Estate ........................... 278 
General Meeting.......................................... 303 
Gesamtnennbetrag ....................................... 134 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien ....... 82, 124, 148 
Gesetzliche Tests .......................... 82, 124, 148 
Global Note ................................. 158, 186, 225 
Global Notes ............................... 158, 186, 225 
Globalurkunde ................................ 62, 92, 134 
Globalurkunden .............................. 62, 92, 134 
Green Mortgage Covered Bonds .................. 49 
Group .......................................................... 300 
Hauptzahlstelle ............................. 73, 116, 142 
Hedging Arrangement................................... 53 
Hedging Arrangements ................................. 53 
Hedging Counterparty................................... 54 
Hypothekendarlehen ..................... 81, 123, 147 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz ....... 80, 
122, 146 
IAS 34 ............................................................. 7 
IBA ......................................................... 6, 265 
ICMA ............................................................ 49 
ICMA Sustainable Bond Principles .............. 49 
ICSD ....................... 63, 93, 135, 159, 187, 226 
ICSDs ...................... 63, 93, 135, 159, 187, 226 
ICT ................................................................ 29 
IFRS ............................................................ 6, 7 
Income Taxes Act ....................................... 360 
Insolvency Administrator ........................... 279 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............. 4, 248 
Interest Amount .................................. 160, 199 
Interest Commencement Date ............. 159, 187 
Interest Determination Date ................ 194, 196 
Interest Payment Date ......................... 160, 187 
Interest Payment Date(s) ............................. 160 
Interest Period ..................................... 160, 188 
Interest Rate ................................ 160, 189, 198 
Interim Financial Statements .......................... 7 
Invasion of Ukraine ...................................... 20 
IRB .............................................................. 341 
ISDA Definitionen ...................................... 105 
ISDA Definitions .................................. 12, 193 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 198 
ISDA-Definitionen ..................................... 100 
ISDA-Satz ................................................... 105 
Issue Date ............ 158, 175, 186, 215, 225, 237 
Issuer ....................................... 1, 158, 186, 225 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement ..... 175, 
215, 237 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) .... 79, 121, 
146 
Kassakurs ...................................... 71, 113, 139 
Kündigungsgrund ......................... 86, 128, 152 
Kündigungstermin ........................ 69, 111, 138 
Kursberechnungstag ..................... 71, 113, 139 
LCR............................................................... 31 
Legal Entity ................................................ 361 
Liquid Asset ................................................ 269 
Liquid Assets .............................. 175, 215, 237 
Liquidity Buffer .......................................... 269

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
LNG .............................................................. 21 
Local Bond Programmes ....... 16, 175, 215, 237 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm .... 81, 
123, 147 
LTV Ratio ................................... 176, 215, 237 
Luxembourg Law ............................................ 1 
Marge .................................................... 95, 105 
Margin ................................................. 189, 198 
Market Disruption ....................... 167, 206, 230 
Marktstörung ................................. 71, 113, 139 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt ........................ 102, 104 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs ........... 82, 124, 148 
Maturity Date .............................. 163, 203, 227 
Maturity Extension Triggers ....................... 273 
Measure ....................................................... 275 
MiFID II .............................................. 248, 249 
MiFID II .......................................................... 1 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................. 5 
Monatliches Datum ....................... 81, 123, 147 
Monthly Date .............................................. 237 
Monthly Date ...................................... 176, 215 
Moody’s .......................................................... 1 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders . 158, 186, 225 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 1, 158, 186, 225, 250 
Mortgage Credit Directive .................. 351, 357 
Mortgage Loans .................. 176, 215, 237, 266 
Mortgage Loans Ratio ................................. 287 
Mortgaged Property ............ 176, 215, 238, 270 
Mortgaged Property Value .. 176, 215, 238, 270 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite ................. 102, 104 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz ...................... 102, 103 
NBS ............................................................... 22 
Nennwert ....................................... 81, 123, 148 
New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds ....... 347 
Nominal Value ............................ 176, 215, 238 
Non-exempt Offer ....................................... 368 
Non-Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident .. 361 
Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates
 .................................................... 158, 186, 225 
Notleidendes Darlehen .................. 80, 122, 147 
NSFR ............................................................ 31 
OBFR .................................................... 99, 193 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date ....... 193 
OBFR Index Cessation Event ..................... 193 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis ................. 99 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag ................. 99 
Observation Period .............................. 190, 191 
OECD ............................................ 77, 119, 143 
Option ........................................................... 60 
Option I ......................................................... 60 
Option II ........................................................ 60 
Option III ...................................................... 60 
Optional Redemption Amount .... 165, 204, 229 
Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag ..... 69, 111, 138 
Options .......................................................... 60 
Other Business Segment ............................. 300 
Other Slovak Mortgage Loans .................... 281 
Over-indebted Covered Block .................... 279 
Pari Passu Haircut ................................. 48, 280 
Paying Agents ............................. 169, 208, 232 
Payment Date .............................. 168, 207, 231 
Permanent Global Note ............... 158, 186, 225 
Permission for Covered Block ... 179, 218, 241, 
271 
Person Related Through Capital ................. 361 
Potential Event of Default........... 176, 215, 238 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund ..... 81, 123, 148 
Preliminary Injunction ................................ 278 
PRESTO Loan ............................................ 311 
Previous Auditor ......................................... 373 
Previous CNB Decree ........... 16, 176, 215, 238 
Pribor ............................................................ 39 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................. 4, 248 
Principal Paying Agent ............... 169, 208, 232 
Private and Retail Banking Segment .......... 300 
Programm ..................................... 81, 123, 148 
Programme .............................. 1, 176, 215, 238 
Property Valuation Act ............................... 270 
Prospectus Regulation............................. 1, 250 
Provision of General Nature ....................... 352 
Prudential Rules Decree.............................. 340 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures ..... 176, 216, 
238, 268 
PSB-Forderungen gemäß SchVG-cz .. 122, 146 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen .... 82, 
123, 148 
PSD2 ............................................................. 23 
Public Undertaking ..................................... 267 
Qualifying Czech Tax Non-Resident .......... 361 
Quick Refund Procedure ............................. 358 
Rate Calculation Date ................. 167, 206, 230 
Rating Agency ........................ 1, 176, 216, 238 
Ratingagentur ................................ 82, 123, 148 
Recipients ................................................... 288 
Recommendation 2023 ............................... 352 
Redemption Amount ................... 163, 203, 228 
Reference Banks ................................. 194, 196 
Reference Price ........................................... 229 
Reference Rate ............................................ 189 
Reference Rate Time .................................. 196 
Referenzbanken .................................. 101, 103 
Referenzpreis .............................................. 138 
Referenzsatz .................................................. 95 
Referenzsatzzeit .......................................... 103 
Registered Nominal Value .......... 176, 216, 238 
Relevant Date ...................................... 195, 197 
Relevant Exchange Rate ............. 176, 216, 238 
Relevant Member State ................................... 7 
Relief at Source Procedure ......................... 361 
Replacement Exchange Rate ...... 167, 207, 231

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
Replacement Fixing Sponsor ...... 167, 207, 231 
Reset Date ................................................... 198 
Reset-Datum ............................................... 105 
Rückzahlungsbetrag ...................... 67, 110, 136 
sale of business tool .................................... 276 
Schulden ........................................ 80, 122, 147 
Schuldverschreibungen ................................. 62 
Schuldverschreibungen ................................. 92 
Schuldverschreibungen ............................... 134 
Schuldverschreibungengläubiger .................. 62 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ............... 62 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ............... 92 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ............. 134 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ...... 62, 92, 134 
SchVG ................... 89, 131, 155, 183, 222, 245 
Screen Page ......................................... 194, 196 
Second Person ............................. 177, 216, 239 
Second-Party Opinion ................................... 50 
Securities Act .................................................. 1 
Serie ...................................................... 92, 134 
Series ........................................... 158, 186, 225 
Settlement Rate ........................... 167, 206, 230 
Shortcomings .............................................. 274 
Significant Obligations ............... 180, 220, 242 
Slovak Anti-Money-Laundering Act .......... 345 
Slovak Banking Act .............. 34, 176, 216, 238 
Slovak Bonds Act ................. 16, 176, 215, 237 
Slovak Commercial Loans .......................... 289 
Slovak Financial Intermediation and 
Counselling Act .......................................... 345 
Slovak Financial Market Crisis Management 
Act ............................................................... 345 
Slovak Financial Market Supervision Act .. 345 
Slovak Foreign Exchange Act..................... 345 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds ................. 34 
Slovak Mortgage Loans .............................. 281 
Slovak Mortgage Loans Act ....................... 345 
Slovak Private International Law Act ......... 284 
Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans ............... 34 
Slovak Residential Loans ............................ 289 
Slovak Securities Act .................................. 345 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz .......... 82, 124, 148 
Slowakisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz .. 81, 
123, 147 
SME ............................................................ 308 
Social Mortgage Covered Bonds .................. 49 
SOFR®............................................. 40, 96, 190 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date ...... 193 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event .................... 194 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis ............ 100 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag ............ 100 
SOFR®i-pUSBD ................................................. 96 
SOFR®i-pUSBD ............................................... 190 
Sonderaufseher .............................. 79, 121, 145 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ............. 79, 121, 145 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag .... 79, 121, 145 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag.................. 79, 121, 145 
SONIA® .......................................... 40, 95, 189 
SONIA®i-pLBD .............................................. 190 
Specified Currency ..................... 158, 186, 225 
Specified Denomination ............. 158, 186, 225 
Spot Rate ..................................... 167, 206, 230 
Stage 1 ........................................................ 326 
Stage 2 ........................................................ 327 
Stage 3 ........................................................ 326 
Standard Refund Procedure ........................ 359 
State Subsidy .............................. 177, 216, 238 
Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test ........ 270 
Statutory 85 % Test .................................... 269 
Statutory Cover Tests ................................. 269 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria . 17, 177, 216, 239 
Statutory Exemption ................................... 352 
Statutory Minimum OC Level Test ............ 269 
Statutory Tests .................... 177, 216, 238, 286 
Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds ........... 39 
Step-up Mortgage Covered Bonds ................ 39 
Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds
 ...................................................................... 39 
Subsidiary ................................... 177, 216, 239 
Successor Reference Rate ................... 195, 197 
Supervisory Board ...................................... 275 
Sustainability Bond Framework ................... 49 
Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds ...... 49 
T2 .................................................................. 41 
TARGET..................................................... 169 
TARGET....................... 73, 101, 103, 115, 141 
TARGET..................................................... 194 
TARGET..................................................... 196 
TARGET..................................................... 208 
TARGET..................................................... 232 
TARGET Bankarbeitstag ...... 87, 103, 129, 154 
TARGET Banking Day ..... 182, 194, 196, 221, 
243 
TARGET Day ............................................... 41 
TARGET-Bankarbeitstag ........................... 101 
Tax Relief ............................................. 42, 358 
Tax Security ................................................ 361 
Tax Treaty ................................................... 361 
Taxonomy Regulation................................... 49 
Temporary Global Note .............. 158, 186, 225 
Terms and Conditions ... 60, 158, 186, 225, 248 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria ................. 285 
Tier 1 ........................................................... 340 
Tier 2 ........................................................... 340 
Tochterunternehmen ..................... 82, 124, 148 
Transaction Documents .............. 177, 216, 239 
Transaktionsdokumente ................ 82, 124, 149 
Transfer of the Covered Block .................... 281 
Triggers for the Appointment of the Covered 
Block Administrator ................................... 279

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung ... 80, 122, 146 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen.. 80, 122, 
146 
Tschechisches Bankengesetz ........ 80, 122, 146 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz 80, 
122, 146 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz 80, 122, 146 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 80, 
122, 146 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz
 ...................................................... 80, 122, 146 
U.S. $ .............................................................. 7 
U.S. dollars...................................................... 7 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day .. 193 
U.S. persons ................................ 158, 186, 225 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag .............. 99 
U.S.-Personen ................................. 62, 92, 134 
UK ........................................................... 5, 248 
UK MiFIR ................................................... 249 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ... 5, 249 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................ 5, 248 
UK Prospectus Regulation ...................... 5, 248 
UniCredit Group ........................................... 24 
UniCredit Leasing CZ ................................. 302 
UniCredit Leasing SK ................................. 302 
Valuation Guidelines .................................. 270 
VaR ............................................................. 328 
Variable Zinssatz-Option ............................ 105 
Variable Zinszeitraum................................... 94 
Variabler Zinssatz ....................................... 105 
Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag ..................... 68, 110 
Vertragliche Deckungstest ............ 83, 125, 149 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien .... 83, 125, 150 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse ............................. 79, 121, 145 
Verzinsungsbeginn ................................. 63, 93 
Verzug........................................... 80, 122, 147 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde .............. 62, 92, 134 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag .................. 136 
Wechselkurs .................................. 71, 113, 139 
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie .... 81, 123, 148 
Withholding Agent ..................................... 361 
Withholding Tax ......................................... 361 
Zahlstellen ..................................... 73, 116, 142 
Zahltag .......................................... 72, 114, 140 
Zeichnungsberechtigter ................. 79, 121, 145 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds ....... 44 
Zinsbetrag ............................................. 64, 106 
Zinsfeststellungstag ............................ 101, 103 
Zinsperiode ............................................. 64, 94 
Zinssatz ........................................... 64, 95, 104 
Zinstagequotient ................................... 65, 135 
Zinszahltag .............................................. 64, 94 
Zinszahltag(e) ............................................... 64 
Zweite Person ............................... 82, 124, 148

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
 
ISSUER 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Želetavská 1525/1 
140 92 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London, E14 5LB 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
To the Dealers as to Czech law 
White & Case LLP 
White & Case, s.r.o., advokátní kancelář 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
Na Příkopě 14 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
11000 Prague 1 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Issuer as to Czech law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy (Czech Republic) LLP, 
organizační složka 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
Karolinská 7 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
18600 Prague 8 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER FOR THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31 DECEMBER 
2021 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER FOR THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31 
DECEMBER 2022 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
KPMG Česká republika Audit, s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
Pobřežní 648/1a 
120 00 Prague 2 
186 00 Prague 8 
Czech Republic 
Czech Republic 
DEALERS 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Želetavská 1525/1 
Arabellastrasse 12 
140 92 Prague 4 
81925 Munich 
Czech Republic 
Germany 
 
 
ASSET MONITOR 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
120 00 Prague 2 
Czech Republic