--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
  
UNICREDIT S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy under registered number 00348170101) 
€60,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under the €60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this document 
(the Base Prospectus), UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit or the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes governed 
by English law (the English Law Notes) and notes governed by Italian law (the Italian Law Notes and together 
with the English Law Notes, the Notes). The Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or, in the case of English Law Notes, registered form (respectively Bearer Notes 
and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to UniCredit Bank AG and any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in 
the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Notes.  
The terms and conditions for the English Law Notes are set out herein in “Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes” and the terms and conditions for the Italian Law Notes are set out herein in “Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes”. References to the “Notes” shall be to the English Law Notes and/or the Italian Law 
Notes, as appropriate and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions” shall be to the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, in “Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the English Law Notes, and in “Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the Italian Law Notes.  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, 
see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in 
respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (as contemplated by Directive 
2014/65/EU) and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be 
made for notification to be given to competent authorities in other Member States of the EEA in order to permit 
Notes issued under the Programme to be offered to the public and admitted to trading on regulated markets in 
such other Member States in accordance with the procedures under Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a

--- Page 2 ---
2 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), as 
amended. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
the date of its approval) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this 
Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 7 June 2022. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. The CSSF has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under, as appropriate, “Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes” or under “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”) of Notes 
will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement 
document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The CSSF has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
As more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes – Taxation” and in “Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes – Taxation”, in the case of payments by the Issuer, additional amounts will 
not be payable to holders of the Notes or of the interest coupons appertaining to the Notes (the Coupons) with 
respect to any withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as 
amended or supplemented) and related regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be 
enacted (Decree 239). In addition, certain other (more customary) exceptions to the obligation of the Issuer to pay 
additional amounts to holders of the Notes with respect to the imposition of withholding or deduction from 
payments relating to the Notes also apply, also as more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes – Taxation” and in “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes – Taxation”. 
UniCredit, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Base Prospectus contains or incorporates all 
information which is material in the context of the issuance and offering of Notes, that the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, that the 
opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts the 
omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such 
opinions or intentions misleading. UniCredit accepts responsibility accordingly. 
Certain information under the heading “Book Entry Clearance Systems” has been extracted from information 
provided by the clearing systems referred to therein. UniCredit confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant 
clearing systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The information relating to each of the Depository Trust Company (DTC), Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) has been accurately reproduced from information 
published by each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg respectively. So far as UniCredit is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by the Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information misleading.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be (i) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation, and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the CRA Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation, and whether such credit rating agency is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation, 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (i) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) is obliged to maintain on its 
website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Please also refer to “Credit ratings assigned to 
the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes” in the “Risk 
Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes and/or the Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, CAD-BA-CDOR, CMS or SOFR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited (as administrator 
of CAD-BA-CDOR) and the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) are included in 
the register of administrators maintained by the ESMA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as 
administrator of LIBOR and CMS) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) are 
not included in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR and CMS) is not currently required 
to obtain authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). As far as the Issuer is aware, SOFR does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI or HICP (each as defined 
below). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of CPI and HICP are not included in ESMA’s 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, CPI and HICP do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue 
of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to “retail clients” (as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)) in the European Economic Area (EEA). In addition to the above, 
pursuant to the United Kingdom (UK) Financial Conduct Authority Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4) in the UK. Potential investors 
should read the whole of this document, in particular the “Risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes” set out on

--- Page 4 ---
4 
pages 44 to 55 and "Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors" 
set out on page 65. 
Arranger and Dealer 
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 June 2021.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Contents 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................... 6 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................... 23 
Important Information ........................................................................................................................... 79 
Responsibility Statement, Third Party Information and Experts’ Reports.......................................... 87 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) . 88 
Stabilisation.......................................................................................................................................... 93 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................. 94 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................ 98 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 ................................. 102 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 .................................... 126 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................ 149 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes .............................................................................. 168 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes ............................................................................ 230 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................. 298 
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group ........................................................................ 299 
Book Entry Clearance Systems ........................................................................................................ 339 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 343 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions ............................................................. 361 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 371 
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes . 375

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme 
6 
General Description of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and 
any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base 
Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published.   
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation).  
Words and expressions defined in the sections headed “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes” or, as the case may be, “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300TRUWO2CD2G5692  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers:  
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Nineteenth Amended and Restated Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other agent(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Trustee (for the English Law 
Notes): 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen, Renmimbi (CNY) and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme 
7 
Rule 144A Option: 
Registered Notes may be freely traded among “qualified institutional 
buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (QIBs) 
in accordance with Rule 144A. 
Institutional Accredited 
Investor Option: 
Registered Notes may be privately placed with Institutional Accredited 
Investors pursuant to Regulation D and may be traded in accordance with 
Section 4 of the Securities Act. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG. 
Transfer Agents: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch and Citibank Europe plc 
Maturities: 
The Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes will 
have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or by any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency.  
 
The Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
may however be issued with an Initial Maturity Date which may be 
extended from time to time up to a Final Maturity Date at the option of the 
holders. Please see Condition 8.7 (Extendible Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 10.8 (Extendible 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
 
Subject as set out herein, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will mature on the 
date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) 
proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, in accordance with: (a) a 
resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (b) any provision of 
the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set at 31 
December 2100); or (c) any applicable legal provision or any decision of 
any judicial or administrative authority. Upon maturity, the Notes will 
become due and payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together with any accrued interest and any additional amounts due 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or 
the Competent Authority’s requirements applicable to the issue of 
Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Italian law Notes, Additional Tier 1 
Notes, the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes must have a 
minimum maturity of five years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer or, in the case of English Law Notes, 
registered form as described in “Form of the Notes”. Notes may not be 
issued or sold in the United States in bearer form, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
8 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial 
fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Reference Rate Replacement 
According to Condition 6.3(j) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall determine a 
Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any). If the Issuer 
cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Reference 
Rate (if any), an Independent Adviser will be appointed to determine an 
Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any). 
Such Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods. 
For further information, please see Condition 6.3(j) and Condition 6.4 of, 
respectively, the Terms and Conditions for English Law Notes and the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.  
Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes will be 
calculated by reference to one or more inflation Indices as set out in 
Condition 6 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 6 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.   
Extendible Notes: 
Notes may be issued with an Initial Maturity Date which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the holders on specified Election

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
9 
Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes and Index 
Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Notes may bear interest on a different interest basis in respect of 
different interest periods. The Issuer has the option of changing the interest 
basis between fixed rate and floating rate and vice versa in respect of 
different periods, upon prior notification of such change in interest basis to 
noteholders. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Italian Law Notes which are 
Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or 
in part) for an unlimited period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest 
Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. 
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the 
Interest Amounts and (ii) the prohibition to make payments on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant 
Regulations, before the Maximum Distributable Amount is calculated, 
payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that 
such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds 
instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid 
or scheduled for payment in the then current financial year and any 
potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, 
excluding any payments already accounted for in determining the 
Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the 
UniCredit Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, 
if different, any provisions of Italian law implementing Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s)) and the amount of any write-up (if applicable), would, 
if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to be exceeded; 
and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the 
Issuer from the Competent Authority. 
Interest shall also be cancelled if a Contingency Event occurs, as set out in 
Condition 8.1 (Loss Absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes. 
See Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 
Distributable Items means, subject as otherwise defined in the Relevant 
Regulations from time to time: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer’s profits at the end of the financial year 
immediately preceding the financial year in which the relevant 
Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought forward and 
reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of 
Own Funds instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes 
any such distributions paid or made on Tier 2 instruments or any such 
distributions which have already been provided for, by way of 
deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, profits which are 
non-distributable pursuant to applicable Italian law or the by-laws of 
the Issuer from time to time and sums placed to non-distributable 
reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the by-laws of 
the Issuer from time to time, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the 
Issuer’s non-consolidated accounts.  
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum 
distributable amount relating to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group, as 
the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the CRD IV 
Directive and/or any other Relevant Regulation(s) (or any provision of 
Italian law transposing or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if 
relevant, any other Relevant Regulation(s)). 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, in the event that a Write-Down 
occurs during an Interest Period, any accrued and unpaid interest shall be 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Loss Absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the Interest Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.3(f) (Determination of Rate 
of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, provided that the Day Count Fraction 
shall be determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, the 
Write-Down Effective Date. 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, in the event that a Write-Up 
occurs during an Interest Period, the Interest Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with 
half a cent being rounded upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal 
Amount before such Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction 
(determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but excluded, the date 
of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal 
Amount after such Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
(determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, the date 
of such Write-Up). 
Non-cumulative interest 
Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative. Interest that the 
Issuer elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or 
compound and all rights and claims in respect of such amounts shall be 
fully and irrevocably cancelled and forfeited, and no payments shall be 
made nor shall any Noteholders be entitled to any payment or indemnity in 
respect thereof. 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is 
prohibited from paying interest on any Interest Payment Date, it will not 
give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making distributions or 
any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, 
or junior to, the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Tier 2 instruments). 
Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falls 
below 5.125 per cent. (an Issuer Contingency Event) or the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falls below 5.125 per 
cent. (a Group Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum 
trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations (excluding any 
guidelines or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group (each, a Contingency Event), the Issuer 
shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the 
relevant Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event 
Notice to Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Paying Agents (provided that failure or delay 
in delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute a 
default for any purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, 
or otherwise invalidate, any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Write-Down Effective Date; and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter 
period as the Competent Authority may require) from the 
determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred, 
reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-
Down and Written Down being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined 
by the Issuer and the Competent Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to 
Condition 8.1(c) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
would cure the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
occur in any event and any increase in the CET1 Ratio as a result of such 
cancellation shall be disregarded for the purpose of calculating the relevant 
Write-Down Amount in respect of such Contingency Event.  
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may 
otherwise be required by the Competent Authority and subject as otherwise 
provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-Down of the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially 
concurrent) write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, 
as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the 
prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To 
the extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments will be taken into 
account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of the amount 
of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments, required to cure the relevant 
Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes may be Written Down on more than one occasion. 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a 
Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss 
Absorbing Instrument (in accordance with, and to the extent required 
by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument 
outstanding (other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is 
written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, in 
accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the giving of such Loss Absorption 
Event Notice. 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any 
instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group 
and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to 
rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer (other than the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) which contains provisions relating to a 
write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary 
basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of 
such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below a level that is equal 
to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss 
absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments 
specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument 
(irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 
Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and 
irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Notes) issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer or any member of the UniCredit Group (a 
Group Entity) which contains provisions relating to a write-down

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
(or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or 
conversion of the principal amount of such instrument (in each case 
in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or 
as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the 
UniCredit Group falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. 
or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant 
Regulations applicable to the UniCredit Group, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation 
of such provisions are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which 
is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) satisfied; 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument 
and/or a Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument, as applicable; 
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means; 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any 
instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group 
and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to 
rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer which contains 
provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a 
permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of 
the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance 
with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of 
the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below 
a level that is higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger 
event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time: (i) any 
instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group 
and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to 
rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Group Entity 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) 
(whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the 
principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with 
its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling 
below a level that is higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum 
trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable 
to the UniCredit Group; and (ii) any instrument (irrespective of 
whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and irrespective of 
whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly 
or indirectly by any Group Entity which contains provisions relating 
to a write-down (or write-off) or conversion of the principal amount 
of such instrument on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of that Group Entity, or of a group within 
the prudential consolidation of such Group Entity pursuant to 
Chapter 2 of Title II of Part One of the CRD IV Regulation other than 
the UniCredit Group, falling below the level specified in such

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
14 
instrument at the date on which the relevant Group Contingency 
Event first occurred, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation 
of such provisions are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which 
is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
Risk Weighted Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk 
weighted assets of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, 
at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the Relevant 
Regulations, taking into account any applicable transitional provisions 
under the Relevant Regulations. 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each outstanding Note is to be Written Down with 
effect as of the Write-Down Effective Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to 
a Write-Down, being: 
(a) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a 
pro rata basis of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the 
concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to cure the Contingency 
Event; or 
(b) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on 
a pro rata basis of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the 
concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the 
Contingency Event, or the Contingency Event is not capable of being 
cured, the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing Principal 
Amount to one cent. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is 
not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent Authority 
may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event 
has occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of 
any such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall 
not prejudice the requirement to effect the Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Loss Absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes; and (ii) such write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not be taken into account in 
calculating the Write Down Amount in respect of such Write-Down. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into 
account in the calculation of the Write-Down Amount to the extent (and in 
the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument can actually be 
written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the 
relevant circumstances within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Competent Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant 
Contingency Event has occurred.  
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down 
Amount, there are outstanding any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms 
of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-off) or

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
15 
converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only (Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) then:  
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
shall be effected pro rata with the write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any such 
Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save 
for the one cent floor) simply by virtue of the fact that such Full 
Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) 
or converted in full; and  
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full 
Loss Absorbing Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only 
of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and such other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such 
that the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be deemed 
to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares pro rata with the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments 
(in each case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) 
to the extent necessary to cure the relevant Contingency Event; and 
(b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of such 
Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall be 
written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as 
the case may be, with the effect of increasing the Issuer’s and/or 
the UniCredit Group’s, as the case may be, CET1 Ratio above the 
minimum required level under (a) above. 
See Condition 8.1 (Loss Absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes. 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are 
recorded at any time while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial Principal Amount, the 
Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable 
Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together 
with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as applicable, 
of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if 
relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the 
Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any provision of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such 
other provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Note (a Write-Up) up to a maximum of the 
Initial Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 
1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that 
have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
16 
set out in Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in the circumstances existing on 
the date of the relevant Write-Up (based on their Initial Principal Amounts), 
provided that the sum of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes (aggregated with the aggregate amounts of any other 
Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Income); 
(b) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes that were paid on the basis of a Prevailing Principal 
Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time after 
the end of the previous financial year, 
(c) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each 
such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the 
relevant Write-Up; and 
(d) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument that were calculated 
or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is lower 
than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the 
end of the previous financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Maximum Write-Up Amount means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the 
Consolidated Net Income, the Consolidated Net Income multiplied 
by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of 
all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the UniCredit 
Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the UniCredit Group 
as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or  
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the 
Net Income, the Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate 
Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the 
aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer as at the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
Relevant Net Income means the lowest of the Net Income and the 
Consolidated Net Income. 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument means an instrument (other 
than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, 
any member of the UniCredit Group, and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the UniCredit Group that, as at the 
time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal 
amount lower than the principal amount that it was issued with due to a 
write-down. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer that have terms permitting a 
principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in Condition

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
17 
8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up 
on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with 
Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes until the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal 
Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has 
occurred and is continuing, or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with 
the write-up of all other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments) 
would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant 
to Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes on any occasion shall not preclude it 
from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion 
pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to 
Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, it shall deliver a notice (a Write-Up 
Notice) specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the 
Initial Principal Amount of a Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note) and the date on which such 
Write-Up shall take effect shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent. Such Write-Up Notice shall be 
given at least ten Business Days prior to the date on which the relevant 
Write-Up becomes effective.  
See Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes and Notes redeemable in one or more 
instalments. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes.  
Index Linked Notes: payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Dual Currency Notes: payments (whether in respect of principal or interest 
and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes 
will be made in such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
18 
Partly Paid Notes: the Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the issue 
price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Notes redeemable in instalments: the Issuer may issue Notes which may 
be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and, in the case of English Law 
Notes, the Trustee, that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms of the Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the case of 
Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons 
or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons subject to, inter 
alia, the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority, as applicable 
or following an Event of Default or, in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, at the option of the Issuer (and subject to 
compliance with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the 
Relevant Regulations at the relevant time) if the Issuer determines that a 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer. The terms of 
any such redemption, including notice periods, any relevant conditions to 
be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates and prices will, as 
appropriate, be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, early redemption may occur only at the 
option of UniCredit and with the prior approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority and otherwise in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation or, if 
different, the then applicable Relevant Regulations, and is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8.14 of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.15 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes.  
 
The applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes, may 
provide that Notes may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on such dates as are indicated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call due to MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event applies, then any Series of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes may on or after the date specified in a notice 
published on the Issuer’s website be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note, an 
Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if 
the Issuer determines that a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
19 
Early redemption of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 8.15 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 10.16 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses for the admission to trading 
of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject 
to the approval provisions stated therein.  
The applicable Final Terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate if such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call applies, the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10.15 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), redeem 
the Notes in whole or in part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
their Prevailing Principal Amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest (to 
the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of 
Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) 
up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, and any additional 
amounts due pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. In addition, the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10.15 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, following the occurrence of a Capital 
Event (if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Regulatory Call 
applies) or in whole or in part (to the extent permitted by the Relevant 
Regulations) following the occurrence of a Tax Event (each as defined 
herein), in each case, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, plus, in each 
case, any accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) up to, but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption, and any additional amounts due pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes, as described in Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) or 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call))) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
 
Redemption for Indexation 
Reasons: 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer, if the Index ceases to be published or 
any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, constitute a 
fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, 
in the opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or by any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, 
(ii) the minimum denomination of each Note which is not a Non-Preferred 
Senior Note or an Additional Tier 1 Note may be €1,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency), (iii) where it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access,

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
20 
the minum denominational may be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), (iv) 
the minimum denomination of each Non-Preferred Senior Note will be 
Euro 250,000 (or, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) and (iv) the minimum 
denomination of each Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body). 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes (except for Condition 4 (Status of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) 
and Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers)), 
the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. Each of Condition 4 (Status of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) 
and Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English law Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of them 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The Italian Law Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Substitution and Variation: 
In relation to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are 
English Law Notes 
If (i) at any time a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing in relation to any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes which are English Law Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority 
and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
or vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such 
variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as 
applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
In relation to Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
21 
If (i) at any time a Regulatory Event occurs or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority 
and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of a Series of Subordinated Notes which are English 
Law Notes, or vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give 
rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than 
the terms of the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In relation to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are 
Italian Law Notes 
If (i) at any time a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing in relation to any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes which are Italian Law Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority 
and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of 
such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give 
rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as 
applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
In relation to Subordinated Notes which are Italian Law Notes 
If (i) at any time a Regulatory Event occurs or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority 
and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated

--- Page 22 ---
General Description of the Programme 
22 
Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise 
to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than 
the terms of the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In relation to Additional Tier 1 Notes which are Italian Law Notes 
If (i) at any time a Capital Event occurs or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority 
and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Additional 
Tier 1 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than 
the terms of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
Risk Factors 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a 
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. The Issuer has identified in this “Risk Factors” section 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to make payments due under 
the Notes. Prospective investors should read these risk factors together with the other detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors relating to the Group are deemed to cover the Issuer. 
Any reference in the Risk Factors to “applicable Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a 
reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of Exempt 
Notes. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
 
1.1 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer and of the Group 
1.1.1 
Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic outbreak  
The UniCredit Group's performance is affected by the financial markets and the macroeconomic and political 
environment of the countries in which it operates. Expectations regarding the performance of the global economy 
remain uncertain in both the short term and medium term. Therefore, there is a risk that changes in the 
macroeconomic environment may have adverse effects on the financial and economic situation as well as on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Group. It should be noted that the national and international 
macroeconomic environment is subject to the risks arising from the outbreak of the viral pneumonia known as 
“Coronavirus” (COVID-19) and that, currently, the negative effects of this virus on international and domestic 
economic activities are evident, thus having an inevitable impact on the performance of the Group. 
From the main effects of COVID-19 observed impacting on UniCredit performance in 2020, important to be 
noticed are the following: (i) negative impacts on the retail loans demand and on the corporate loans interest 
rates, even following the facilitation of loans with state guarantees, with resulting decrease on the interest margin; 
about the customer loans moratorium, they did not significantly affect the interest margin; (ii) decreases of the 
commissions, in all service areas; (iii) additional costs, specifically for devices and equipment needed for the 
employee’s protection and for a massive transfer to a remote way of working (smart working); (iv) worsening of 
the cost of risk because of higher provisions on loans. The current environment continues to be characterised by 
highly uncertain elements, with the possibility that the slowdown of the economy, jointly with the termination of 
the safeguard measures, such as the customer loans moratorium, generate a worsening of the loan portfolio 
quality, followed by an increase of the non-performing loans and the necessity to increase the provisions to be 
charged to the income statement. 
It should be noted that the Group registered a decrease in revenues compared to the corresponding period of 
2019, reflecting the extended COVID-19 related restrictions present in all geographies, down 9.0 per cent. Y/Y, 
to Euro 17.1 billion in FY20 with a decrease in all revenue line items. In 1Q21, the Group delivered revenues of 
Euro 4.7 billion, up 10.6 per cent Q/Q, and up 7.1 per cent. Y/Y. 
The Group realized Loan Loss Provisions (LLPs) totaled Euro 4,496 million in Financial Year 2020 (FY20) 
(+47.7 per cent FY/FY) of which Euro 2,220 million were specific LLPs, and Euro 2,203 million were overlays

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
on LLP increasing the forward-looking coverage to reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio, and Euro 
572 million on regulatory impacts stemming from the introduction of new models or updating of the existing ones 
and from the quantification of the evaluative effects correlated to the new European rules on to the classification 
of the default clients (new Definition of Default). 
In 1Q21, the Group realized LLPs totaled Euro 167 million (- 86.7 per cent. Y/Y) of which Euro 204 million were 
specific LLPs, and - Euro 37 million were write-backs overlays on loans updating the forward-looking coverage 
to reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio. 
The Group stated in 2020 a net loss of Euro 2,785 million, compared with the Euro 3,373 million of net profit 
achieved in 2019, mainly driven by Yapi deconsolidation, integration costs in Italy and CIB goodwill impairment, 
in addition to the financial-economic context deteriorated by the COVID-19 crisis. The Group delivered 
underlying net profit of Euro 1.264 billion for FY20, decreasing compared to the underlying net profit of Euro 
4.675 billion delivered for FY19 and in 1Q21 the Group delivered an underlying net profit of Euro 0.9 billion, 
thanks to a rebound in revenues, despite the ongoing impact of lockdowns on client activity in the quarter, as well 
as to a lower cost of risk. 
Finally, taking into account the deteriorated conditions of the macroeconomic context and the following 
adjustments to the revised estimates of the cost of risk, it results that the financial objectives of Team 23 for 2021 
are no longer considered relevant, although the strategic priorities communicated last December 2019 have been 
confirmed. It should be noted that, due to the current framework of high uncertainty and volatility, it is not 
currently possible to make an overall final assessment of the impacts on the medium/long-term Plan objectives in 
order to determine whether they are still relevant or how they are impacted, analyses that will be finalised over 
the next months. In particular, the current scenario is affected by a high degree of uncertainty, whose outcome is 
not foreseeable at the moment and may require updates in evaluations already performed, in light of the evolution 
of the pandemic, on the effect of relief measures put in place and the shape of economic recovery. 
These factors will affect the Group profitability and the parameters, such as discount rates, used for evaluating 
Group’s assets. Furthermore, considering the high uncertainty of current context, an update in the strategic plan 
Team 23 that reflects current conditions will be presented during the second half of 2021. As a result, the 
evaluation made for Investments in associates and Deferred Tax Assets, whose recoverable amount depends on 
cash flows projections, might be subject to a change not foreseeable at the moment and from which could derive 
possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the bank's financial and economic situation. 
The UniCredit Group’s performance is affected by the financial markets and the macroeconomic and political 
environment of the countries in which it operates. Expectations regarding the performance of the global economy 
remain still uncertain in both the short term and medium term. 
The past year has been defined by the outbreak of the form of viral pneumonia known as “Coronavirus” (COVID-
19) which had a profound impact on communities, employees and customers. Currently, the negative effects of 
this virus on international and domestic economic activities are evident, thus having an inevitable impact on the 
performance of the Group in particular on revenues and cost of risk. 
From the main effects of COVID-19 observed impacting on UniCredit performance in 2020, important to be 
noticed are the following: 
• 
negative impacts on the retail loans demand and on the corporate loans interest rates, even following 
the facilitation of loans with state guarantees, with resulting decrease on the interest margin; about the 
customer loans moratorium, they didn’t significantly affect the interest margin; 
• 
decreases of the commissions, in all service areas; 
• 
additional costs, specifically for devices and equipment needed for the employee’s protection and for 
a massive transfer to a remote way of working (smart working); 
• 
worsening of the cost of risk because of higher provisions on loans. 
The current environment continues to be characterised by highly uncertain elements, with the possibility that the 
slowdown of the economy, jointly with the termination of the safeguard measures, such as the customer loans 
moratorium, generate a worsening of the loan portfolio quality, followed by an increase of the non-performing 
loans and the necessity to increase the provisions to be charged to the income statement.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
Revenues were down 9.0 per cent. FY/FY to Euro 17.1 billion in FY20 with a decrease in all revenue line items. 
In 1Q21, revenues were up 7.1 per cent Y/Y to Euro 4.7 billion, with stronger fees (+ 4.3 per cent. Y/Y) and 
trading (+ Euro 466 million Y/Y) more than offsetting lower NII (-12.6 per cent. Y/Y). For both the FY20 and 
1Q21, the largest revenue contribution came from Commercial Banking Italy (CB Italy), Corporate Investment 
Banking (CIB) and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE).  
In detail: (i) Net interest income1 was down 6.3 per cent. FY/FY to Euro 9.4 billion, mainly due to lower customer 
rates and volumes reflecting the Group’s prudent approach, only partially offset by the positive effect of TLTRO3. 
In 1Q21, NII2 was down 3.1 per cent. Q/Q to Euro 2.2 billion, mainly due to lower customer rates impacted by 
market rates, competition and lower yielding government guaranteed loans, as well as the impact of weak demand 
on volumes (-Euro 13 million Q/Q) mainly in Corporate & Investment Banking. Additional headwinds came from 
the negative effect of TLTRO3 (- Euro 18 million Q/Q)3 given the absence of the catch-up payment booked in 
4Q20 and from Treasury and the investment portfolio (-Euro 18 million Q/Q), partially offset by term funding 
(+Euro 24 million Q/Q); (ii) fees and commission were down 5.2 per cent. FY/FY, totaling Euro 6.0 billion, 
reflecting the lockdown impact on client activity from 2Q20 onwards. Despite continued lockdowns, in 1Q21 fees 
and commission were up 4.3 per cent. Y/Y, totaling Euro 1.7 billion. 
The Group stated in 2020 a net loss of Euro 2,785 million, compared with the Euro 3,373 million of net profit 
achieved in 2019, mainly driven by Yapi deconsolidation, integration costs in Italy and CIB goodwill impairment, 
in addition to the financial-economic context deteriorated by the COVID-19 crisis. The Group delivered 
underlying net profit of Euro 1.264 billion for FY20, decreasing compared to the underlying net profit4 of Euro 
4.675 billion delivered for FY19 and in 1Q21 the Group delivered an underlying net profit5 of Euro 0.9 billion, 
thanks to a rebound in revenues, despite the ongoing impact of lockdowns on client activity in the quarter, as well 
as to a lower cost of risk.. 
The current scenario is characterised by elements of high uncertainty – strongly influenced also by the relevant 
restriction measures. In particular, in this context, it should be noted that the economic slowdown may determine 
a deterioration of credit portfolio quality, thus increasing the incidence of non-performing loans and the need to 
increase the provisions to be charged in the income statement. The Group realized LLPs totaled Euro 4,996 million 
in FY20 (+47.7 per cent FY/FY) of which Euro 2,220 million were specific LLPs, and Euro 2,203 million were 
overlays on LLP increasing the forward-looking coverage to reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio, 
and Euro 572 million on regulatory impacts stemming from the introduction of new models or updating of the 
existing ones and from the quantification of the evaluative effects correlated to the new European rules on to the 
classification of the default clients (new Definition of Default). 
For further information in relation to the net write-downs on loans, please see the consolidated financial statements 
of UniCredit as at 31 December 2020 – Consolidated report on operations – Group results, page 62. 
Therefore, the Cost of Risk (CoR) in the FY20 is 105 bps, increasing compared to the same period of the past 
year (71 bps). 
                                                     
1 Net contribution from hedging strategy of non-maturity deposits in 4Q20 at Euro 361.1 million, +Euro 7.4 million Q/Q and + Euro 7.0 
million Y/Y whereas in FY20 at Euro 1,390.0 million, -Euro 11.4 million FY/FY. 
2 Net contribution from hedging strategy of non-maturity deposits in 1Q21 at Euro 362.6 million, - Euro 2.4 million Q/Q and + Euro 9.0 
million Y/Y. 
3 Managerial calculation. The ECB Governing Council in December 2020 extended the more favorable conditions referred to TLTRO3 to the 
period June 2021 - June 2022,subject to the achievement of certain thresholds. These more favorable conditions, compared to the incremental 
adoption of TLTRO2 for both 3Q20 and 4Q20, were recognized in 4Q20 with reference to the amounts accrued from the subscription date of 
the securities (June 2020). 
4 Group underlying net profit excludes the net impact of Fineco disposal (+ Euro 1,176 million in 2Q19), Ocean Breeze disposal (- Euro 178 
million in 2Q19), the impact of REV (+ Euro 46 million in 1Q19, - Euro 1 million in 2Q19, + Euro 80 million in 3Q19 and - Euro 45 million 
in 4Q19), other one-offs (- Euro 173 million in 2Q19), disposal of 9 per cent. Yapi Kredi (- Euro 365 million in 4Q19), integration costs in 
Germany & Austria (- Euro 319 million in 4Q19), Non Core LLPs given the update of Non Core rundown strategy (- Euro 1,055 million in 
4Q19 including - Euro 6 million related to net interest) and impairment of intangible and other assets (- Euro 468 million in 4Q19 o/w - Euro 
189 million software write-off and - Euro 279 million other), Yapi Kredi deconsolidation (- Euro 1,576 million in 1Q20), integration costs in 
Italy (- Euro 1,272 million in 1Q20), additional real estate disposals (+ Euro 296 million in 1Q20), regulatory headwinds impact on Cost of 
Risk (- Euro 3 million in 1Q20, - Euro 4 million in 2Q20, - Euro 3 million in 3Q20 and - Euro 519 million in 4Q20), revaluation of real estate 
(+ Euro 9 million in 1Q20, - Euro 7 million in 2Q20, - Euro 5 million in 3Q20 and + Euro 23 million in 4Q20), Non Core rundown (- Euro 98 
million in 2Q20, - Euro 4 million in 3Q20 and - Euro 8 million in 4Q20) and goodwill impairment (- Euro 878 million in 4Q20). 
5 Underlying net profit normalised for revaluation of real estate (+ Euro 4 million in 1Q21).

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
In 1Q21, the Group realized LLPs totaled Euro 167 million (-86.7 per cent Y/Y) of which Euro 204 million were 
specific LLPs, and -Euro 37 million were write-backs overlays on loans updating the forward-looking coverage 
to reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio. 
Therefore, the cost of risk in the 1Q21 is 15 bps, decreasing compared to the same period of the past year (104 
bps). 
For further information on the overall exposure to counterparty credit risk and the main activities undertaken by 
the Group to support its customers, please see Risk 1.1.3 “Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration”. 
The containment measures adopted to contain the spread of the COVID-19 would have a severe impact on 
economic activity. The European Central Bank (ECB) has stepped up interventions and, with its pandemic 
emergency purchase program (PEPP – Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme), it stands ready to act as a 
buyer of last resort in the government-bond market for as long as needed.  
Finally, taking into account deteriorated conditions of the macroeconomic context and the following adjustments 
to the revised estimates of the cost of risk and the target of gross cost savings, it results that the financial objectives 
of Team 23 for 2021 are no longer considered relevant, although the strategic priorities communicated last 
December 2019 have been confirmed. It should be noted that, due to the current framework of high uncertainty 
and volatility, it is not currently possible to make an overall final assessment of the impacts on the medium/long-
term Plan objectives in order to determine whether they are still relevant or how they are impacted, analyses that 
will be finalised over the next months. In particular, the current scenario is affected by a high degree of uncertainty 
whose outcome is not foreseeable at the moment and may require updates in evaluations already performed, in 
light of the evolution of the pandemic, on the effect of relief measures put in place and the shape of economic 
recovery.  
These factors will affect the Group profitability and the parameters, such as discount rates, used for evaluating 
Group’s assets. Furthermore, considering the high uncertainty of current context, an update in the strategic plan 
Team 23 that reflects current conditions will be presented during the second half of 2021. As a result, the 
evaluation made for Investments in associates and Deferred Tax Assets, whose recoverable amount depends on 
cash flows projections, might be subject to a change not foreseeable at the moment and from which could derive 
possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the bank's financial and economic situation. 
For further information on the risks associated with the Strategic Plan, see Risk 1.1.2 “Risks connected with the 
Strategic Plan 2020 – 2023”. 
Material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Group may also result from further developments 
of the monetary policies and additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such as political instability, 
terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the countries where the Group operates and, as recently 
experienced, a pandemic emergency). Furthermore, the economic and political uncertainty of recent years has also 
introduced a considerable volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, potentially impacting on credit 
spreads/cost of funding and, therefore, on the values the Group can realize from sales of financial assets. 
The outlook of the pandemic normalization path in terms of its timeline and further evolution remains highly 
uncertain, as well as the magnitude of the economic downturn. The global economic downturn can be further 
impacted by the potential new rounds of restrictions that might be induced by some countries across the world, 
with the risk of further slowing down the expected recovery. 
In particular, besides the impact on global growth and individual countries due to COVID-19, the current 
macroeconomic situation is characterized by high levels of uncertainty, mainly due to: (i) Brexit related 
uncertainties; (ii) future developments in the ECB and Federal Reserve (FED) monetary policies; and (iii) the 
sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and the related, repeated shocks to the financial markets.  
The economic slowdown experienced in the countries where the Group operates has had (and might continue to 
have) a negative effect on the Group’s business and on the financial costs (e.g. lower NII due to excess liquidity), 
as well as on the value of its assets, and could result in further costs related to write-downs and impairment losses. 
1.1.2 
Risks connected with the Strategic Plan 2020 – 2023

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
On 3 December 2019, following the completion of the 2016-2019 Strategic Plan, UniCredit presented to the 
financial community in London the 2020-2023 Strategic Plan called “Team 23” (the Strategic Plan or Plan or 
Team 23). The Strategic Plan contains determined strategic, capital and financial objectives (collectively, the 
Strategic Objectives) based on four pillars. Such Strategic Objectives focus on improving the cost of risk, reducing 
the gross NPE ratio, maintaining an appropriate capital buffer throughout the Plan as well as objectives in terms 
of underlying net profit and capital distribution. The four pillars are: (i) growth and strengthen client franchise; 
(ii) transform and maximise productivity; (iii) disciplined risk management & controls; and (iv) capital and 
balance sheet management. UniCredit’s ability to meet the Strategic Objectives depends on a number of 
assumptions and circumstances, some of which are outside UniCredit’s control, including those relating to 
developments in the macroeconomic environment in which the UniCredit Group operates, developments in 
applicable laws and regulations and assumptions related to the effects of specific actions or future events which 
we can partially forecast/manage. The assumptions concerning the macroeconomic scenario and the development 
of the regulatory framework, as well as the hypothetical assumptions on which the Plan is based, were made prior 
to the adoption of the restrictive provisions related to the spread of COVID-19 throughout the countries and, 
therefore, in a macroeconomic environment different from that one determined next to the entry into force of the 
restrictive provisions (“lockdown”) resulting from the pandemic. Indeed, whilst the 2020 financial results have 
been influenced by the pandemic, the financial results for this year and potentially subsequent years could be 
reasonably influenced by the dynamics of COVID-19, which were not foreseeable at the date of the Strategic Plan 
presentation and which are still uncertain. Taking into account the revised estimates of the cost of risk, it results 
that the financial objectives of Team 23 for 2021 are no longer considered relevant, although the strategic 
priorities communicated last December 2019 have been confirmed. Given the high uncertainty of the environment, 
an update of Team 23 strategic plan will be run and presented to the markets in the Capital Markets Day in the 
second half of 2021 (the review of the Strategic Plan initiated following arrival of the new Chief Executive Offer 
and Board of Directors).  
For all these reasons, investors are cautioned against making their investment decisions based exclusively on the 
forecast data included in the Strategic Objectives. Any failure to implement the Strategic Objectives or meet the 
Strategic Objectives may have a material adverse effect on UniCredit’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
As mentioned above, the current macroeconomic scenario is worse than the planned assumptions. For this reason, 
UniCredit has updated the macroeconomic assumptions connected with the determination of LLPs in accordance 
with IFRS9 (International Financial Reporting Standards 9). Furthermore, UniCredit realized additional LLPs 
totaled Euro 4,996 million in FY20 (+47.7 per cent. FY/FY) of which Euro 2,220 million were specific LLPs, and 
Euro 2,203 million were overlays on LLP increasing the forward-looking coverage to reflect COVID-19 economic 
impact on the portfolio, and Euro 572 million on regulatory impacts stemming from the introduction of new 
models or updating of the existing ones and from the quantification of the evaluative effects correlated to the new 
European rules on to the classification of the default clients (new Definition of Default). 
For further information in relation to the net write-downs on loans, please see the consolidated financial statements 
of UniCredit as at 31 December 2020 – Consolidated report on operations – Group results, page 62. 
FY20 stated CoR6 at 105 bps (lower end of 100-120 bps guidance) as a result of the proactive anticipation of 
future expected impacts. For the 2020 financial year, the CoR resulted from the combination of the provisions 
relating to the update of the IFRS9 macroeconomic scenario and the potential effects deriving from the risks that 
occurred during the year with reference to specific sectors and counterparties. 
In 1Q21, the Group realized LLPs totaled Euro 167 million (-86.7 per cent. Y/Y), of which Euro 204 million were 
specific LLPs, and -Euro 37 million were write-backs overlays on loans updating the forward-looking coverage 
to reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio. 
In 1Q21 stated CoR7 at 15 bps, down 165 bps Q/Q impacted by seasonality and further supported by write-backs 
and the anticipation of future economic impacts taken in 20208. 
                                                     
6 Stated CoR based on reclassified P&L and Balance sheet (BS). 
7 Stated CoR based on reclassified P&L and Balance sheet (BS). 
8 Anticipation of future economic impacts: increased overlays, proactive classification and regulatory headwinds including new Definition of 
Default.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
Currently remains the UniCredit target of gross cost savings of Euro 1.25 billion, up 25 per cent. from the original 
figure of Euro 1 billion. Group’s branch network optimization and FTEs reduction program confirmed on track 
to meet the Team 23 target of around -8,000 Full Time Equivalents (FTEs) reductions and around 500 branches 
closures. 
In light of the CoR reviewed estimates and target of gross cost savings, it results that the financial objectives of 
Team 23 for 2021 are no longer considered relevant, although the strategic priorities communicated last December 
2019 have been confirmed. It should be noted that, due to the current framework of high uncertainty and volatility, 
it is not currently possible to make an overall final assessment of the impacts on the medium/long-term Plan 
objectives in order to determine whether they are still relevant or how they are impacted, analyses that will be 
finalised over the next months. The review of the Strategic Plan initiated following arrival of the new Chief 
Executive Officer and new Board of Directors. The overarching objective is disciplined, profitable and sustainable 
profit growth. Client centricity will be reinforced, increasing interaction of technology will be delivered and the 
business will be simplified. Review expected to be concluded in the second half of 2021 and communicated at 
Capital Markets Day. In this context, it will be presented the Group’s strategic priorities and the Team 23 Plan 
Objectives. 
Currently, the key pillars of Team 23 remain strategic priorities, specifically: 
• 
Growth and strengthen client franchise: through a renewed focus on customer satisfaction and service 
quality, confirm position as “go to” bank for small and mid-sized corporates, reinforce market leadership 
in CEE, and strengthen CIB and Commercial Banking cooperation and redesign customer service for 
individuals, thanks to a mix of integrated channels; 
• 
Transform and maximise productivity: adopt new ways of working to continuously optimise 
processes, enhance customer experience and deliver efficiencies; 
• 
Disciplined risk management & controls: further strengthen monitoring and management of Credit 
and Financial Risk: enhanced business accountability and in-depth monitoring by control functions. 
Targeted actions on Compliance and Operational Risk, reinforcing governance and risk of Anti Financial 
Crime controls, AML and KYC, Cyber security and Operational Risk; 
• 
Capital and balance sheet management: proactive capital allocation based on financial performance, 
preference for share buybacks over M&A, only small bolt-on acquisitions might be considered to 
accelerate capital allocation towards businesses or geographies with higher risk-adjusted profitability. 
Gradual alignment of domestic sovereign bond portfolios with those of European peers. The project 
related to the creation of a sub-holding for the international activities of the Group remains under 
investigation. There is therefore no predefined timeframe for its possible implementation, also 
considering that the current market and macroeconomic conditions (e.g. purchases of securities by the 
ECB and reduced government spreads) make some assumptions of the project no longer valid, such as 
the optimisation of the cost of funding. 
Team 23 plan is based on assumptions both in terms of interest rates and economic growth of the countries of 
presence of the Group. As macroeconomic variables are volatile, UniCredit has also developed two sensitivities 
on top of the base case scenario embedded in the Strategic plan, both on interest rates and economic growth. One 
sensitivity, internally called “Draghi”, assumes rates close to the current levels throughout the plan (Euribor 3M 
end of period at minus 50 basis points until 2023) and lower GDP (Gross Domestic Product) growth both in 
Western Europe and Central Eastern Europe countries. “Draghi” scenario assumes an economic slowdown in 
normal market conditions, consequently, it is not directly comparable to the impacts related to the COVID-19 
containment measures applied by most of Countries. Considering the high uncertainty of the environment, as 
explained above for financial results also interest rates and economic assumptions are influenced by COVID-19 
and will be updated and presented during the Capital Markets Day in the second half of 2021. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, as disclosed to the Market in the context of Strategic Plan – Team 23 
presentation, the capital distribution in the plan is based on the concept of underlying net profit. Underlying net 
profit adjusts stated net profit for certain non-operating items to better demonstrate the recurring, sustainable profit 
base of the bank.  
Such adjustments include:

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
(i) sale of non-strategic assets and selected real estate properties; 
(ii) non-operating non-recurring charges including, but not limited to, integration costs and extraordinary IT 
write-offs; 
(iii) non-operating items in LLPs, for example the updated rundown strategy for Non Core and the regulatory 
headwinds. 
UniCredit, complying with the ECB’s 2020 payout recommendations, did not pay dividends nor did share 
buybacks (SBB) in 2020.  
For 2021, the ordinary capital distribution complies with ECB recommendations on dividends issued on 15 
December 2020, which for UniCredit limits distributions to Euro 447 million9 until 30 September 2021. 
Consequently, in 2021, the cash distribution of Euro 268 million was paid on 21 April 2021 and the SBB 
distribution of Euro 179 million, approved by ECB and AGM, is expected to be completed by the end of 3Q21. 
In addition, a resolution for an extraordinary distribution of capital after 1 October 2021 has been approved by the 
AGM in April 2021 for an amount of Euro 652 million, entirely in the form of SBB, subject to ECB approval. 
CET1 MDA buffer fully loaded remains well above 200-250bps targets. UniCredit remains committed to 
gradually return excess capital vs. MDA buffer to shareholders subject to receive regulatory “green light”. Capital 
distribution policy confirmed with 50 per cent. ordinary payout (max 30 per cent. cash, min 20 per cent. share 
buyback). Medium to long term CET1 MDA buffer target confirmed at 200-250 bps.  
Considering the above, the Issuer evaluates that the materiality of such risk shall be high. 
1.1.3 
Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration 
The activity, financial and capital strength and profitability of the UniCredit Group depend, among other things, 
on the creditworthiness of its customers. In carrying out its credit activities, the Group is exposed to the risk that 
an unexpected change in the creditworthiness of a counterparty may generate a corresponding change in the 
value of the associated credit exposure and give rise to the partial or total write-down thereof. Following the 
COVID-19 outbreak, it cannot be excluded that credit quality for this year could be influenced with potential 
impacts not yet quantifiable. From the main effects of COVID-19 observed impacting on UniCredit risk profile in 
2020, it is important to notice the worsening of the cost of risk because of higher provisions on loans. The current 
environment continues to be characterised by highly uncertain elements, with the possibility that the slowdown of 
the economy, jointly with the termination of the safeguard measures, such as the customer loans moratorium, 
generate a worsening of loan portfolio quality, followed by an increase of the non-performing loans and the 
necessity to increase the provisions to be charged in the income statement.  
The Group realized LLPs totaled Euro 4,996 million in FY20 (+47.7 per cent. FY/FY) of which Euro 2,220 million 
were specific LLPs, and Euro 2,203 million were overlays on LLP increasing the forward-looking coverage to 
reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio, and Euro 572 million on regulatory impacts stemming from 
the introduction of new models or updating of the existing ones and from the quantification of the evaluative 
effects correlated to the new European rules on to the classification of the default clients (new Definition of 
Default). 
In 1Q21, the Group realized LLPs totaled Euro 167 million (-86.7 per cent. Y/Y), of which Euro 204 million were 
specific LLPs, and -Euro 37 million were write-backs overlays on loans updating the forward-looking coverage 
to reflect COVID-19 economic impact on the portfolio. 
                                                     
9 Calculated as 15 per cent. (“ECB cap”) of the cumulated stated net profits for the years 2019 and 2020, adjusted as per ECB recommendation. 
The additional 20 bps of CET1r limit, introduced by ECB, is less stringent for the Group thus it does not apply. Ordinary distribution (Euro 
447 million): 60 per cent cash. (Euro 268 million), 40 per cent. SBB (Euro 179 million). Ordinary cash distribution: Euro 0.12 per share, 
approved by AGM, Ex-dividend date 19 April 2021, record date 20 April 2021 and payment date 21 April 2021. Ordinary SBB distribution 
has been approved by Competent Authorities and AGM. Ordinary SBB execution is expected to be completed by end of 3Q21. In addition, 
the AGM held in April 2021 has authorized an extraordinary capital distribution (Euro 652 million): 100 per cent. SBB. The extraordinary 
SBB distribution is subject to supervisory approval and to the condition that on 30 September 2021 the ECB will repeal the recommendation 
of 15 December 2020. Extraordinary SBB execution expected to commence not before 1 October 2021.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
In the context of credit activities, this risk involves, among other things, the possibility that the Group’s 
contractual counterparties may not fulfil their payment obligations, as well as the possibility that Group 
companies may, based on incomplete, untrue or incorrect information, grant credit that otherwise would not have 
been granted or that would have been granted under different conditions. 
Other banking activities, besides the traditional lending and deposit activities, can also expose the Group to credit 
risks. “Non-traditional” credit risk can, for example, arise from: (i) entering derivative contracts; (ii) buying and 
selling securities, currencies or goods; and (iii) holding third-party securities. The counterparties of said 
transactions or the issuers of securities held by Group entities could fail to comply due to insolvency, political or 
economic events, lack of liquidity, operating deficiencies, or other reasons. 
The Group has adopted procedures, rules and principles aimed at monitoring and managing credit risk at both 
individual counterparty and portfolio level. However, there is the risk that, despite these credit risk monitoring 
and management activities, the Group’s credit exposure may exceed predetermined risk’s levels pursuant to the 
procedures, rules and principles it has adopted. The importance of reducing the ratio of non-performing loans to 
total loans has been stressed on several occasions by the supervisory authorities, both publicly and within the 
ongoing dialogue with the Italian banks and, therefore, with the UniCredit Group. 
The credit risk inherent in the traditional activity of providing credit is material, regardless of the form it takes 
(cash loan or endorsement loan, secured or unsecured, etc.). 
With regard to “non-traditional” credit risk, the UniCredit Group negotiates derivative contracts and repos on a 
wide range of products, such as interest rates, exchange rates, share prices/indices, commodities (precious metals, 
base metals, oil and energy materials), both with institutional counterparties, including brokers and dealers, central 
counterparties, central governments and banks, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional 
customers, and with non-institutional Group customers. These operations expose the UniCredit Group to the risk 
of counterparty, which is the risk that the counterparty may become insolvent before the contract matures, not 
being able to fulfil its obligations towards to the Issuer or one of the other Group companies. 
As at 31 March 2021, Group gross NPEs were down by 10.0 per cent. Y/Y and up by 5.5 per cent. Q/Q to Euro 
22.4 billion in 1Q21 (while, as at 31 December 2020, they were equal to Euro 21.2 billion) with a worsened gross 
NPE ratio of 4.8 per cent. (-0.1 p.p. Y/Y,+0.3 p.p. Q/Q), while as at 31 December 2020 the gross NPE ratio was 
equal to 4.5 per cent. 
As at 31 March 2021, Group Net NPEs stood at Euro 9.4 billion, increased compared to 31 December 2020 (Group 
Net NPE ratio increased compared to 31 December 2020 and is equal to 2.1 per cent.). 
As at 31 March 2021, the Group excluding Non Core gross NPEs increased to Euro 18.8 billion (+7.3 p.p Q/Q, 
+12.0 p.p Y/Y, while as at 31 December 2020 they were equal to Euro 17.6 billion), while Group excluding Non 
Core Net NPEs were slightly increased to Euro 8.6 billion. 
The NPL ratio for UniCredit, using the EBA definition, is 2.8 per cent. in 1Q21, compared to weighted average 
of EBA sample banks of 2.6 per cent. 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please see Section headed 
“Information about the Issuer”, paragraph 1.1.4 (The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer) of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, since 2014, the Italian market has seen an increase in the number of disposals of non-performing 
loans, characterised by sale prices that are lower than the relative book values, with discounts greater than those 
applied in other European Union countries. In this context, the UniCredit Group has launched a structured activity 
to reduce the amount of non-performing loans on its books, while simultaneously seeking to maximise its 
profitability and strengthen its capital structure.  
In the last years, also in accordance with the EBA Guidelines of 31 October 2018 on management of non-
performing and forborne exposures for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio greater than 5 per cent., the Group 
has adopted a strategic plan to reduce Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) and operational and governance systems 
to support it.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
Starting from the year 2015, the overall reduction of the Group NPE amounted to about Euro 55 billion, moving 
from Euro 77.8 billion of 2015 to Euro 22.4 billion of 1Q21 (Euro 21.2 billion of 2020). This amount includes the 
loans disposed through Project Fino in July 2017 and IFRS 5 positions. 
Building on the experience gained in Transform 2019, according to the Strategic Plan 2020-2023, the Group will 
continue to manage NPEs proactively to optimise value and capital. 
Following the COVID-19 outbreak it cannot be excluded that, credit quality for this year could be influenced with 
potential impacts not yet quantifiable. From the main effects of COVID-19 observed impacting on UniCredit risk 
profile in 2020, it is important to notice the worsening of the cost of risk because of higher provisions on loans. 
The current environment continues to be characterised by highly uncertain elements, with the possibility that the 
slowdown of the economy, jointly with the termination of the safeguard measures, such as the customer loans 
moratorium, generate a worsening of the loan portfolio quality, followed by an increase of the non-performing 
loans and the necessity to increase the provisions to be charged to the income statement. 
In order to mitigate the negative consequences caused by the restrictive measures adopted to contain the COVID-
19 outbreak, several countries in which the Group operates have enacted national provisions to postpone the 
payment of the instalments upon request of customers or automatically (the so-called “moratoria”). 
In accordance with ESMA statements of 25 March 2020, the Group has not derecognised credit exposures that 
were subject to such moratoria. 
LLPs totaled Euro 4,996 million in FY20 (+47.7 per cent. FY/FY) of which Euro 2,220 million were specific 
LLPs, and Euro 2,203 million were overlays on LLP increasing the forward-looking coverage to reflect COVID-
19 economic impact on the portfolio, and Euro 572 million on regulatory impacts stemming from the introduction 
of new models or updating of the existing ones and from the quantification of the evaluative effects correlated to 
the new European rules on to the classification of the default clients (new Definition of Default). The specific cost 
of risk, including only the specific LLPs was 47 bps, still under control despite COVID-19. 
In order to cope with the extraordinary contingency of COVID-19 and the peculiar dynamic of a deflated default 
risk observed in the course of 2020 as a consequence of supporting measures and a potential cliff-effect in 2021 
when the measures will expire, an upward corrective factor has been applied on both the 2020 default rate and the 
2021 forecast underlying the updated calibration of IFRS models for the 31 December 2020 figures and likely 
postponement of part of default risk in 2021. 
It is worth pointing out that the measurement is affected by the already mentioned degree of uncertainty on the 
evolution of the pandemic, the effect of the relief measures and, ultimately, the existence and degree of economic 
recovery. The evolution of these factors may, indeed, require in future financial years the classification of 
additional credit exposures as non-performing thus determining the recognition of additional loan loss provisions 
related to both these exposures as well as performing exposures following the update in credit parameters. In this 
context, it will be relevant, among other factors, the ability of the customers to service their debt once moratoria 
measures adopted by the Governments of the countries where the Group operates or voluntarily adopted by the 
Group’s banks themselves, will expire. 
For further information in relation to the net write-downs on loans, please see the consolidated financial statements 
of UniCredit as at 31 December 2020 – Consolidated report on operations – Group results, page 62. 
In 1Q21, LLPs totaled Euro 167 million (-86.7 per cent Y/Y) of which Euro 204 million were specific LLPs, and 
-Euro 37 million were write-backs overlays on loans updating the forward-looking coverage to reflect COVID-
19 economic impact on the portfolio. The specific cost of risk, including only the specific LLPs, was 18 bps, still 
under control despite COVID-19. 
In light of the above, the Issuer evaluates that the materiality of both the credit risk and the risk of credit quality 
deterioration shall be medium-high. 
1.1.4 
Risks associated with the Group's exposure to sovereign debt 
As at 31 March 2021, the Group’s sovereign exposures in debt amounts to Euro 118,052 million (as at 31 
December 2020 it amounted to Euro 110,542 million), of which about 85 per cent. concentrated in eight countries.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
In particular, the Group’s exposure to Italian sovereign debt in debt securities amounts to Euro 46,318 million 
(at 31 December 2020 it amounted to Euro 42,638 million) and represents, respectively, over 39 per cent. of the 
Group’s total sovereign exposure represented by debt securities (about 39 per cent. at 31 December 2020) and 
about 5 per cent. of the Group total assets (unchanged from 31 December 2020). Increased financial instability 
and the volatility of the market, with particular reference to the increase of credit spread, or the rating downgrade 
of sovereign debt, as well as the rating downgrade of Italian sovereign debt, or forecasts that such downgrades 
may occur, could negatively impact the financial position of UniCredit and/or the Group considering their 
exposure to sovereign debt. 
Sovereign exposures are bonds issued by and loans given to central and local governments and governmental 
bodies. For the purposes of the current risk exposure, positions held through Asset Backed Securities (ABS) are 
not included. 
With reference to the Group's sovereign exposures in debt, the book value of sovereign debts securities as at 31 
March 2021 amounted to Euro 118,052 million (as at 31 December 2020 it amounted to Euro 110,542 million), 
of which about 85 per cent. was concentrated in eight countries, including: Italy with Euro 46,318 million (at 31 
December 2020 it amounted to Euro 42,638 million), representing over 39 per cent. of the total (about 39 per cent. 
at 31 December 2020) and about 5 per cent. of the Group total assets (unchanged from 31 December 2020); Spain 
with Euro 17,243 million; Germany with Euro 13,705 million; Japan with Euro 8,536 million; Austria with Euro 
4,967 million; United States of America with Euro 3,432 million; France with Euro 3,215 million and Romania 
with Euro 2,371 million. 
As at 31 March 2021, the remaining 15 per cent. of the total sovereign exposures in debt securities, equal to Euro 
18,265 million as recorded at the book value, was divided between 37 countries, including: Hungary (Euro 1,929 
million), Bulgaria (Euro 1,913 million), Czech Republic (Euro 1,723 million), Portugal (Euro 1,693 million), 
Croatia (Euro 1,512 million), Russia (Euro 1,182 million), Ireland (Euro 1,096 million), Serbia (Euro 995 million), 
Poland (Euro 914 million), Israel (Euro 534 million) and Belgium (Euro 525 million). The exposures in sovereign 
debt securities relating to Greece are immaterial. 
As at 31 March 2021, there is no evidence of default of the exposures in question. 
Note that the aforementioned remainder of the sovereign exposures held as at 31 March 2021 also included debt 
securities relating to supranational organisations, such as the European Union, the European Financial Stability 
Facility and the European Stability Mechanism, worth Euro 2,617 million (as at 31 December 2020 it amounted 
to Euro 2,275 million). 
In addition to the Group's sovereign exposure in debt securities, there were also loans issued to central and local 
governments and government bodies. 
Total loans to countries to which the total exposure is greater than Euro 130 million, which represented about 95 
per cent. of said exposures, as at 31 March 2021, amounts to Euro 24,080 million (as at 31 December 2020 it 
amounted to Euro 25,009 million). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that one of the pillars of the Strategic Plan 2020-2023 is the capital and balance 
sheet management, according to which the strengthening of the balance sheet will continue with the ongoing, 
gradual alignment of the domestic sovereign bond portfolio with those of Italian and European peers.  
1.1.5 
Risks relating to deferred taxes 
As at 31 December 2020, UniCredit recognized Deferred Tax Assets (DTAs) for Euro 11,361 million, of which 
Euro 7,491 million may be converted into tax credits pursuant to Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (Law 
214/2011). As of 31 December 2019, DTAs totally amounted to Euro 12,129 million, of which Euro 8,302 million 
available for conversion to tax credits pursuant to Law 214/2011. In relation to Convertible DTAs the fee due for 
fiscal year 2020 was paid on 26 June 2020 for an amount equal to Euro 112 million. 
The above mentioned amounts are the ones resulting from the sustainability test provided for IAS12, which takes 
into account the economic projections foreseeable for future years and the peculiarities of the fiscal legislations 
of each country, in order to check whether there are future taxable incomes against which tax loss carry forward 
(TLCF) can be offset.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
If, for whatever reason, significant changes in the current tax legislation may occur, not foreseeable at present, 
such as the rate change, or the updating of the income statement estimates with the latest available official 
projections should lead to lower taxable future income than those estimated in the sustainability test, and therefore 
not sufficient to guarantee the reabsorption of the DTAs in question, negative and even significant effects on the 
activities and on the economic, equity and / or financial situation of the Issuer and / or the Group could occur.  
Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, on 17 March 2020, Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) 
has been adopted, which, among other things, provides special measures to mitigate the effects of COVID-19 for 
taxpayers. In particular, Article 55 of the Cura Italia Decree allows to convert DTAs into tax credits, following 
the disposal of non-performing loans to legal entities not belonging to the Group by 31 December 2020. The 
conversion into tax credits applies to the DTA’s on TLCF and allowance for corporate equity (ACE) surpluses, 
also in case the DTA’s are off balance sheet. As of 31 December 2020, Euro 110 million of DTA’s were converted 
into tax credits. 
As at 31 December 2020, UniCredit recognized DTAs for Euro 11,361 million, of which Euro 7,491 million may 
be converted into tax credits pursuant to Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (Law 214/2011). As of 31 December 
2019, DTAs totally amounted to Euro 12,129 million, of which Euro 8,302 million available for conversion to tax 
credits pursuant to Law 214/2011. In relation to Convertible DTAs the fee due for fiscal year 2020 was paid on 
26 June 2020 for an amount equal to Euro 112 million.  
As at 31 December 2020, the remaining Deferred Tax Assets (i.e., DTAs non-convertible into tax credits) are 
related to costs and write-offs deductible in future years, for Euro 2,749 million (net of related deferred tax 
liabilities), and to tax losses carried forward (TLCF) for Euro 1,120 million (of which Euro 982 million DTAs on 
TLCF and Euro 138 million tax credit IRAP deriving from the conversion of the ACE benefit). DTAs on TLCF 
are mainly related to UniCredit S.p.A., also as Italian Tax Group Parent Company, for Euro 677 million, to 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG for Euro 210 million, and to UniCredit Bank AG for Euro 64 million. 
The above mentioned amounts are the ones resulting from the sustainability test provided for IAS12, which takes 
into account the economic projections foreseeable for future years and the peculiarities of the fiscal legislations 
of each country, in order to check whether there are future taxable incomes against which TLCF can be offset. 
At Group level total not recognized DTAs TLCF are equal to Euro 4,368 million mainly referred to UniCredit 
S.p.A. for Euro 3,392 million, to UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. for Euro 277 million and to Sub-groups UniCredit 
Bank AG for Euro 401 million and UniCredit Bank Austria AG for Euro 287 million. 
If, for whatever reason, significant changes in the current tax legislation may occur, not foreseeable at present, 
such as the rate change, or the updating of the income statement estimates with the latest available official 
projections should lead to lower taxable future income than those estimated in the sustainability test, and therefore 
not sufficient to guarantee the reabsorption of the DTAs in question, negative and even significant effects on the 
activities and on the economic, equity and / or financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Group could occur. 
1.2 
Risks related to the business activities and industry of the Issuer and of the Group 
1.2.1 
Liquidity Risk 
The main indicators used by the UniCredit Group to assess its liquidity profile are (i) the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR), which represents an indicator of short-term liquidity subject to a minimum regulatory requirement 
of 100 per cent. from 2018 and which was equal to 180 per cent. in March 2021, whereas as at 31 December 
2020 was equal to 171 per cent. (calculated as the average of the 12 latest end of month ratios), and (ii) the Net 
Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), which represents the indicator of structural liquidity and which, in March 2021, 
was above the internal limit set at 102.5 per cent, whereas as at 31 December 2020 was above the internal limit 
set at 101.3 per cent.. within the risk appetite framework. Liquidity risk refers to the possibility that the UniCredit 
Group may find itself unable to meet its current and future, anticipated and unforeseen cash payment and delivery 
obligations without impairing its day-to-day operations or financial position. The activity of the UniCredit Group 
is subject in particular to funding liquidity risk, market liquidity risk, mismatch risk and contingency risk. The 
most relevant risks that the Group may face are: i) an exceptionally high usage of the committed and uncommitted 
lines granted to corporate customers; ii) the capacity to roll over the expiring wholesale funding and the potential 
cash or collateral outflows the Group may suffer in case of rating downgrades of both the banks or the sovereign 
debt in the geographies in which it operates. In addition to this, some risks may arise from the limitations applied 
to the cross-border lending among banks, which have been increased in some countries. Due to the financial

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
market crisis, followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the sector, the ECB has implemented 
important interventions in monetary policy, such as the “Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operation” 
(TLTRO) introduced in 2014 and the TLTRO II introduced in 2016. In March 2019, the ECB announced a new 
series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO-III) to be launched in September 2019 
to March 2021, each with a maturity of two years, recently shifted by an additional year. In March 2020, new 
long term refinancing operations (LTROs) were announced to provide a bridge until the TLTRO III window in 
June 2020 and ensure liquidity and regular money market conditions. These measures were integrated with 
temporary collateral easing measures.  
It is not possible to predict the duration and the amounts with which these liquidity support operations can be 
repeated in the future, with the result that it is not possible to exclude a reduction or even the cancellation of this 
support. This would result in the need for banks to seek alternative sources of borrowing, without ruling out the 
difficulties of obtaining such alternative funding as well as the risk that the related costs could be higher. Such a 
situation could therefore adversely affect UniCredit’s business, operating results and the economic and financial 
position of UniCredit and / or the Group. 
Funding liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet its payment obligations, including 
financing commitments, when these become due. In light of this, the availability of the liquidity needed to carry 
out the Group’s various activities and the ability to fund long-term loans are essential for the Group to be able to 
meet its anticipated and unforeseen cash payment and delivery obligations, so as not to impair its day-to-day 
operations or financial position.  
In order to assess the liquidity profile of the UniCredit Group, the following principal indicators are also used: 
• 
the short-term indicator LCR, which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily 
monetizable (cash and the readily liquidable securities held by UniCredit) and the net cash imbalance 
accumulated over a 30-day stress period; the indicator is subject to a minimum regulatory requirement 
of 100 per cent.; and 
• 
the 12-month structural liquidity indicator NSFR, which corresponds to the ratio between the available 
amount of stable funding and the required amount of stable funding. While the LCR is already in force, 
the NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRRII published in June 2019 and will apply from 
June 2021. 
As of March 2021, the LCR of the Group was equal to 180 per cent., whereas as at 31 December 2020 was equal 
to 171 per cent. (calculated as the average of the 12 latest end of month ratios). As of March 2021, the NSFR was 
above the internal limit of 102.5 per cent., whereas as at 31 December 2020 was above the internal limit set at 
101.3 per cent. set in the risk appetite framework. 
The Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or the Group companies to 
access the debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising the 
compliance with prospective regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results 
and capital and/or financial position of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
As regards market liquidity, the effects of the highly liquid nature of the assets held are considered as a cash 
reserve. Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have 
significant effects on the time to sell, including for high-quality assets, typically represented by government 
securities. The “dimensional scale” factor plays an important role for the Group, insofar as it is plausible that 
significant liquidity deficits, and the consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change 
market conditions. In addition to this, the consequences of a possible decline of the price of the securities held 
and of a change in the criteria applied by the counterparties in repos operations could make it difficult to ensure 
that the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
In addition to risks closely connected to funding risk and market liquidity risk, a risk that could impact the day-
to-day liquidity management is the differences in the amounts or maturities of incoming and outgoing cash flows 
(mismatch risk) and the risk that (potentially unexpected) future requirements (i.e. use of credit lines, withdrawal 
of deposits, increase in guarantees offered as collateral) may use a greater amount of liquidity than that considered 
necessary for day-to-day activities (contingency risk). 
The slowdown in economic activity caused by lockdowns across Europe and the measures the Governments have 
taken to face the effects of the current health and economic emergency impacted the Group operations in the

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
different countries of its perimeter. The business continuity management plans were activated in order to ensure 
the regular execution of Treasury activities and the proper information flows to the senior management and the 
Supervisors. Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is safe and under constant control, some risks 
may materialize in the coming months, depending on the length of the current lockdown and expected economic 
recovery.  
An important mitigating factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Group 
system of rules and the measures announced by the ECB, which have granted a higher flexibility in the 
management of the current liquidity situation by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers.  
As of 31 March 2021, the total debt of the UniCredit Group with the ECB through TLTRO III was Euro 107.1 
billion, with a timetable of maturities scheduled for June 2023 and March 2024. 
Please find below the details of the TLTRO III participations of the Group with ECB: 
TLTRO III 
Effect from 
Maturity 
Amounts (Euro – billion) 
24 June 2020 
28 June 2023 
94.33 
24 March 2021 
27 March 2024 
12.7 
Total 
 
107.1 
 
1.2.2 
Risk related to the property market trends 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to risks relating to the property market as a result of its significant property 
portfolio (both in Italy and abroad), as well as due to loans granted to companies operating in the commercial 
real estate market, whose cash flow is generated mainly by the rental or sale of commercial properties, and loans 
to individuals secured by real property. A downturn in property prices, also in light of COVID-19 pandemics, 
could cause to the UniCredit Group to have recognize reduction in the value of the property owned where book 
value is higher than market value, with possible material adverse effects on the business, operating results and 
financial position of UniCredit and / or the Group.  
Furthermore, the UniCredit Group has outstanding a significant amount of loans to individuals secured by 
residential property. Should property prices, which represents most of the collateral securing UniCredit’s loans, 
fall, the value of the collateral securing such loans would decline.  
In this regard, starting from 31 December 2019 financial statements, the Group has decided to change the 
evaluation criterion of the Group’s real estate portfolio, in particular for the properties used in business (ruled by 
IAS16 “Property, plant and equipment”) providing for the transition from the cost model to the revaluation model 
for the measurement subsequent to initial recognition while for the properties held for investment (ruled by IAS40 
“Investment property”) providing for the transition from the cost model to the fair value model. 
The Group has considered that the possibility of measuring real estate assets at current values (and no longer at 
cost) allows, in line with the provisions of IAS8 concerning changes in accounting principles, to provide reliable 
and more relevant information on the effects of business management as well as the Group's financial position 
and economic result. 
As at 31 December 2020, fair value of both properties held for investment and properties used in business was re-
determined through external appraisals.  
The update of appraisals has led to an overall positive balance sheet effect of Euro 115 million gross of tax, as 
detailed below:

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
• 
for real estate assets used in business, the recognition of an increase in the specific valuation reserve for 
an amount of Euro 105 million gross of tax effect. In addition to this increase, net gains for Euro 6 million 
were recognised in the income statement gross of the tax effect; 
• 
for real estate assets held for investment, the recognition of an income statement results equal to Euro 4 
million gross of the tax effect. 
It is worth to note that the valuation of properties at current values implies a possible risk of volatility as well as 
an increase of the so-called real estate risk. By reference to the real estate units held as at 31 December 2020 and 
their corresponding market value overall equal to Euro 5,961 million, has been estimated a sensitivity to the 
increase/decrease in real estate values of +/-1 per cent. equal to approximately Euro 60 million corresponding to 
approximately +/-2 basis point of CET1 ratio. 
It must furthermore be noted that the measurement of inventories of property, plant and equipment, to the lower 
between cost and net realizable value, has determined the recognition of a write-down for Euro 20 million. 
Furthermore, during the first half 2020, the Group has sold a real estate complex in Munich composed by both 
real estate assets held for investment and real estate assets used in business for a sale price equal to Euro 1,012 
million.  
This circumstance has determined for assets used in business, for which according to IAS8 the change to 
revaluation model is applied prospectively from 31 December 2019, the recognition of a gain on disposal for Euro 
443 million (gross of tax) in the first half 2020 when these properties have been derecognised. 
Conversely, for assets held for investments, for which according to IAS8 the change to fair value model is applied 
retrospectively, the adjustment to the sale price has already been recognized in the last quarter of 2019. 
For further information, please see the consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2020, 
Part B - Consolidated balance sheet - Assets - Section 9 - Property, plant and equipment - Item 90. 
1.2.3 
Risks connected with the UniCredit Group's activities in different geographical areas 
 The UniCredit Group operates in different countries and, therefore, the UniCredit Group's activities are affected 
by the macroeconomic context of the markets in which it operates. Italy accounted for 48 per cent. of the UniCredit 
Group's total revenue during FY2010 and is the Group's primary market. The UniCredit Group also operates and 
has a significant presence in Austria and Germany (which accounted for 10 per cent. and 23 per cent., 
respectively, of the UniCredit Group's total revenue for FY20). The deterioration in the macroeconomic 
conditions in either Austria, Germany or Italy (including the increase of domestic capital markets volatility) may 
adversely affect the UniCredit Group's profitability, as well as its assets and operations, balance sheet and/or 
income statement.  
The Group’s business is closely connected to the Italian economy and could, therefore, be negatively impacted by 
any changes in its macroeconomic environment. Economic forecasts and the current political and social health 
situation generate considerable uncertainty surrounding the future growth of the Italian economy. 
In addition to other factors that may arise in the future, declining or stagnating Italian Gross Domestic Product 
(GDP), rising unemployment and unfavourable conditions in the financial and capital markets in Italy could result 
in declining consumer confidence and investment in the Italian financial system and increases in the number of 
impaired loans and/or loan defaults, leading, among others, to an overall reduction in demand for services the 
Group offers. Thus, a persistence of adverse economic conditions, political and economic uncertainty and/or a 
slower economic recovery in Italy compared with other countries of the Organization for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (OECD) could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, business 
and financial condition. 
The UniCredit Group operates and has a significant presence also in Central and Eastern European countries (CEE 
countries) including, among others, Turkey, Russia, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Hungary, which 
accounted for 20 per cent. of the Group’s total revenue for FY20. The risks and uncertainties to which the 
UniCredit Group is exposed are of a different nature and magnitude depending on the country and whether the 
                                                     
10 Based on regional view

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
country belongs to the European Union, which is one of the main factors taken into consideration when evaluating 
these risks and uncertainties. 
CEE countries will recover gradually from the COVID-19 induced decline in economic activity. While GDP could 
return to pre-pandemic levels by late 2021 in most CEE countries, services – especially tourism – and 
manufacturing with long global supply chains could lag in the recovery. The introduction of further sanctions 
remains a limited risk for Turkey. In addition, the economic recovery in Turkey remains vulnerable to global 
financial conditions, although the hawkish CBRT supports TRY financial assets. 
For further information, see Risk 1.1.1 “Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties 
and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak”.  
Additional and adverse effects may result from the more restrictive CEE regulations as they may bind the Group 
to implement further recapitalization operations for its subsidiaries considering the risk of being subject to - among 
other things - regulatory and governmental initiatives of these countries. As a result, the UniCredit Group may be 
called upon to ensure a greater level of liquidity for its subsidiaries in these areas. Furthermore, the Group may 
have to increase impairments on loans issued due to a rise in estimated credit risk. Negative implications in terms 
of quality of credit could, specifically, involve the UniCredit Group's exposures denominated in Swiss francs 
(CHF) in selected CEE countries, also as a result of the decision by the Swiss Central Bank in January 2015 to 
remove the Swiss franc/Euro ceiling.  
Finally it should be noted that, on the other hand, as a result of the financial crisis, in many of the countries in 
which the Group operates, the supervisory authorities have adopted measures aimed at reducing the exposure of 
banks operating within these territories to associated banks that operate in countries other than those in which the 
said authorities exercise their regulatory powers. In this context, some supervisory authorities have asked that the 
Group companies reduce their credit exposure to other Group companies and, in particular, their exposure to 
UniCredit. This has prompted UniCredit to implement self-sufficiency policies, based essentially on increasing 
the commercial funding and using financing from outside the Group where necessary. 
The implementation of such policies could result in a deterioration, whether real or perceived, in the credit profile 
(particularly in Italy) and could have a significant negative effect on borrowing costs and, consequently, on the 
operating and financial results of the Issuer and of the Group. 
1.2.4 
Market risks 
 The UniCredit Group is exposed to Market Risk. Market risk derives from the effect that changes in market 
variables (interest rates, securities prices, exchange rates, etc.) can cause to the economic value of the Group's 
portfolio, including the assets held both in the Trading Book, as well as those posted in the Banking Book, both 
on the operations characteristically involved in commercial banking and in the choice of strategic investments. 
As at 31 December 2020, RWA (Risk-Weighted Assets) for Market Risk (excluding credit valuation adjustments - 
CVA Risk) amounted to Euro 9.1 billion out of a total of Euro 325.7 billion of Total Group RWA. Total Market 
Risk RWA (excluding CVA Risk) are split between the part calculated under the internal model (Euro 6,292 
million) and the standardised approach (Euro 2,839 million). In addition, an additional capital requirement of 
Euro 507 million was introduced starting from 31 December 2019. 
Therefore it is not possible to exclude, considering the trend of the market variables, possible negative effects on 
the activities and the economic, capital and/or financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Market risk management within the UniCredit Group accordingly includes all the activities relating to cash 
transactions and capital structure management, both for the Parent Company, as well as for the individual 
companies making up the Group. 
Specifically, the trading book includes positions in financial instruments and commodities held either for trading 
purposes or to hedge other elements of the trading book. In order to be subject to the capital treatment for the 
trading book in accordance with the applicable policy "Eligibility Criteria for the Regulatory Trading Book 
Assignment", the financial instruments must be free from any contractual restrictions on their tradability, or able 
to be hedged. Furthermore, the positions must be frequently and accurately valued and the portfolio must be 
actively managed.

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
The risk that the value of a financial instrument (asset or liability, liquidity or derivative instrument) may change 
over time is determined by five standard market risk factors: (i) credit risk: the risk that the value of an instrument 
may decrease due to a change in credit spreads; (ii) share price risk: the risk that the value of an instrument may 
decrease due to changes in share prices or indices; (iii) interest rate risk: the risk that the value of an instrument 
may decrease due to a change in interest rates; (iv) exchange rate risk: the risk that the value of an instrument may 
decrease due to a change in exchange rates; and (v) commodity price risk: the risk that the value of an instrument 
may decrease due to a change in the prices of commodities (e.g. gold, crude oil). 
The UniCredit Group manages and monitors its market risk using two sets of measures: (i) broad market risk 
measures; and (ii) granular market risk measures. 
As at 31 December 2020, RWA (Risk-Weighted Assets) for Market Risk (excluding credit valuation adjustments 
- CVA Risk) amounted to Euro 9.1 billion out of a total of Euro 325.7 billion of Total Group RWA. Total Market 
Risk RWA (excluding CVA Risk) are split between the part calculated under the internal model (Euro 6,292 
million) and the standardised approach (Euro 2,839 million). In addition, an additional capital requirement of Euro 
507 million was introduced starting from 31 December 2019. 
1.2.5 
Interest rate fluctuation and exchange rate risk  
The interest rate banking book, earnings and economic value are exposed to: changes in interest rate that may 
have a major negative impact in the value of the assets and liabilities held by the Group, change the behavioural 
model, change in basis of Interest rate curve tenor and changes of the Interest rate volatilities.  
The UniCredit Group implements also a hedging policy of risks related to the fluctuation of interest rates. Such 
hedges are based on estimates of behavioural models and interest rate scenarios and aimed to mitigate the 
negative effect of an adverse and unexpected change of the interest rates on the activity, operating results and 
capital and financial position of the Group. 
Furthermore, a significant portion of the Group’s business is done in currencies other than Euros. Therefore, any 
negative change in exchange rates and/or a hedging policy that turns out to be insufficient to hedge the related 
risk could have major negative effects on the activity, operating results and capital and financial position of the 
Issuer and/or the Group. 
It should be considered that UniCredit Group is mainly exposed to foreign-exchange risk toward the U.S. dollar. 
The Market Risk impact on the Group is low, in coherence with the mission of the Group and it is tracked by an 
ad hoc Key Performance Indicator (KPI) on the Ratio between Market Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA) and Overall 
RWA. 
For further information, please see the consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2020, 
Part E – Information on risks and hedging policies, incorporated by reference herein. 
1.2.6 
Operational risk 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to operational risk, namely the risk of suffering losses due to errors, violations, 
interruptions, damages caused by internal processes, personnel, strikes, systems (including IT systems on which 
the UniCredit Group depends to a great extent) or caused by external, unforeseen events, entirely or partly out of 
the control of the UniCredit Group (including, for example, fraud, deception or losses resulting from the disloyalty 
of employees and/or from the violation of control procedures, IT virus / cyber attacks or the malfunction of 
electronic and/or communication services, possible terrorist attacks). The realisation of one or more of these risks 
could have significant negative effects on the activity, operating results and capital and financial position of the 
Issuer and/or the Group. 
The complexity and geographical distribution of the UniCredit Group's activities requires a capacity to carry out 
a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, in compliance with the various different regulations 
applicable.  
The main sources of operational risk statistically include the instability of operational processes, poor IT security, 
excessive concentration of the number of suppliers, changes in strategy, fraud, errors, recruitment, staff training

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
and loyalty and, lastly, social and environmental impacts. It is not possible to identify one consistent predominant 
source of operational risk.  
The UniCredit Group has a framework for managing operational risks, comprising a collection of policies and 
procedures for controlling, measuring and mitigating Group operational risks. These measures could prove to be 
inadequate to deal with all the types of risk that could occur and one or more of these risks could occur in the 
future. 
Referring to operational risks’ effects arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, analysis were carried out in order to 
identify risks arising from process changes adopted time by time to protect the health of employees and customers. 
With reference to the operational risks identified, the effectiveness of the risk mitigation measures was then 
assessed also through a comparative analysis between different Group Legal Entities. In addition, specific second-
level controls were activated to oversee those areas that were subject to the most significant changes. A specific 
monitoring of operational incidents linked, even indirectly, to the entire COVID-19 pandemic has been created in 
order to promptly intercept potential process criticalities or inappropriate behaviours. 
Moreover, in the context of its operation, the UniCredit Group outsources the execution of certain services to third 
companies, regarding, inter alia, banking and financial activities, and supervises outsourced activities according 
to policies and regulations adopted by the Group. The failure by the outsourcers to comply with the minimum 
level of service as determined in the relevant agreements might cause adverse effects for the operation of the 
Group.  
UniCredit Group has always invested a lot of efforts and resources in upgrading its IT systems and improving its 
defence and monitoring systems. Based also on the Strategic Plan 2020-2023, operational risk remains a 
significant focus for the Group, with reinforced controls of business and governance process across all legal 
entities and with the launch of a permanent optimisation of work process. However, possible risks remain with 
regard to the reliability of the system, the quality, integrity and confidentiality of the data managed and the threats 
to which IT systems are subject, as well as physiological risks related to the management of software changes 
(change management), which could have negative effects on the operations of the UniCredit Group, as well as on 
the capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Some of the more serious risks relating to the management of IT systems that the UniCredit Group has to deal 
with are possible violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to its corporate network, or IT resources, 
the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the Internet. Similar attempts 
have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of 
information relating to the Group and its customers and can have negative effects on the integrity of the Group's 
IT systems, as well as on the confidence of its customers and on the actual reputation of the Group, with possible 
negative effects on the capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
UniCredit Group is subject to the regulations governing the protection, collection and processing of personal data 
in the jurisdictions in which it operates. While the Group has internal procedures that are responsive to applicable 
regulation, it remains exposed to the risk that the data could be damaged or lost, or removed, disclosed or processed 
(data breach) for purposes other than those authorized by the customer, including by unauthorized parties (such 
as third parties or Group employees) or with insufficient lawful basis (e.g. Standard Contractual Clauses to be 
signed in case of transfer of personal data outside EEA as per European Court of Justice decision of July 202011). 
Examples of data processed for purposes other than those for which they were collected or by unauthorised parties 
may be: the viewing of data by employees outside their work duties or for clients of other branches/portfolios of 
other managers; the employee of a supplier, appointed as Data Processor, processing the data with 
procedures/methods or for purposes other than those stated in the Data Processing Agreement. 
With reference to the insufficient lawful basis, the European Court of Justice, in the aforementioned decision, 
confirmed the validity of Standard Contract Clauses as an instrument of transfer/lawful basis, but added the 
responsibility, on the "exporter" of the personal data, to assess whether the country of destination of the data offers 
a level of protection of the righs and freedoms of the data subject equal to the one guaranteed in Europe, by 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679. Moreover, the European Data Protection Board has stated, in documents released after 
the decision, that even simple access to the data (i.e. by an employee of the third company engaged for IT platform 
                                                     
11 Judgment in Case C-311/18, Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems, that invalidated the adequacy 
decision of personal data protection provided by the “EU-US Data Protection Shield”.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
maintenance activities) may constitute a transfer of personal data. Thus, the potential risk is that personal data 
may be processed by third parties, appointed as Data Processor, from countries outside the European Economic 
Area without the presence of Standard Contract Clauses and/or without an adequate assessment by the data 
controller of the privacy rules in the destination country. 
Considering the above, it should be noted that the UniCredit Group, over the past few years, has been subject to 
cyber-attacks which led, even though only in a few limited cases, to the theft of personal data. In this regard, 
taking into account the type of risks detected, UniCredit, in addition to strengthening the protection measures 
already in place, carried out a wide and in-depth assessment of the effects that may derive also for financial 
statements purposes. 
In this regard, it should be noted that on 5 February 2020, the Italian Personal Data Protection Authority notified 
UniCredit S.p.A. of the start of sanctioning proceedings regarding a violation of customers' personal data 
following a cyber-attack (data breach) occurred in October 2018, communicated through its Group website on 22 
October 2018. It is currently not possible to define the timeline and outcome of the proceedings. 
In addition, the investment made by the UniCredit Group of relevant resources in software development creates 
the risk that when one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Group may suffer financial 
losses if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will incur repair costs for the violated IT systems, as 
well as being exposed to regulatory sanctions. 
Starting from 2018, the UniCredit Group has subscribed a Cyber Insurance Policy with European Insurance 
Companies with adequate rating and with reasonably high limits, to cover damages, in compliance with the current 
local legislation, caused by data breaches and other cyber-attacks on the IT systems, except for compensation for 
sanctions where national law does not allow it. 
1.2.7 
Risks connected with legal proceedings 
1.2.7.1 Risks connected with legal proceedings in progress 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit and other UniCredit Group companies are named as defendants 
in several legal proceedings. In particular, as at 31 December 2020, UniCredit and other UniCredit Group 
companies were named as defendants in about 37,900 legal proceedings of which approx. 9,200 involving 
UniCredit (excluding labour law cases, tax cases and credit recovery actions in which counterclaims were 
asserted or objections raised with regard to the credit claims of Group companies). Moreover, from time to time, 
past and present directors, officers and employees may be involved in civil and/or criminal proceedings, the 
details of which the UniCredit Group may not lawfully know about or communicate. 
Risk arising from legal pending proceedings consists in the possibility for UniCredit to bear claims for damages 
in case of unfavourable outcome of such proceedings. 
In many of these cases, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the outcomes of the proceedings and the amount 
of possible losses. These cases include criminal proceedings, administrative proceedings brought by supervisory 
or prosecution authorities and/or claims in which the claimed damages and/or potential liabilities of the Group is 
not and cannot be determined, either because of how the claims is presented and/or because of the nature of the 
legal proceeding. In such cases, until the time when it will be possible to estimate reliably the potential outcome, 
no provisions are made. Instead, where it is possible to estimate reliably the amount of possible losses and loss is 
considered likely, provisions have been made in the financial statements to the extent the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A., or any of the Group companies involved, deemed appropriate based on the circumstances and 
in accordance with IAS.  
To provide for possible liabilities and costs that may result from pending legal proceedings (excluding labour law 
and tax cases), as of 31 December 2020, the UniCredit Group set aside a provision for risks and charges of Euro 
655.9 million, of which Euro 370.7 million for the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. As of 31 December 2020, 
the total amount of claimed damages relating to judicial proceedings other than labour, tax and debt collections 
proceedings was Euro 10 billion, of which approximately Euro 6.6 billion for the proceedings involving the parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. This figure is affected by both the heterogeneous nature of the pending proceedings 
and the number of involved jurisdictions and their corresponding characteristics in which UniCredit Group 
companies are named as defendants.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
It is also necessary for the Group to comply in the most appropriate way with the various legal and regulatory 
requirements in relation to the different aspects of the activity such as the rules on the subject of conflict of interest, 
ethical questions, anti-money laundering, EU, US and international sanctions, customers' assets, rules governing 
competition, privacy and security of information and other regulations.  
For further information in relation to the single legal and arbitration proceedings please see Section headed “Legal 
and Arbitration proceedings” in the “Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group” of this Base Prospectus. 
1.2.7.2 Risks arising from tax disputes 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are various tax-related proceedings pending with regard to UniCredit 
and other companies belonging to the UniCredit Group, as well as tax inspections by the competent authorities 
in the various countries in which the Group operates. In consideration of the uncertainty that defines the tax 
proceedings in which the Group is involved, there is the risk that an unfavourable outcome and/or the emergence 
of new proceedings could lead to an increase in risks of a tax nature for UniCredit and/or for the Group, with the 
consequent need to make further provisions and/or outlays, with possible negative effects on the operating results 
and capital and/or financial position of UniCredit and/or the Group. 
Specifically, as at 31 December 2020, there were 346 tax disputes involving counterclaims pending with regard 
to UniCredit and other companies belonging to the UniCredit Group's Italian perimeter, net of settled disputes, 
for a total amount equal to Euro 110.32 million.  
As of 31 December 2020, the total amount of provisions for tax risks related to legal proceedings, inspections, 
and tax credits amounted to Euro 180.8 million, of which Euro 6.4 million for legal expenses. 
As far as the tax inspections and tax disputes are concerned, in relation to 31 December 2020, reference is made 
to Section headed “Legal and Arbitration proceedings” of this Base Prospectus. 
Finally, it should be pointed out that in the event of a failure to comply with or a presumed breach of the tax law 
in force in the various countries, the UniCredit Group could see its tax-related risks increase, potentially resulting 
in an increase in tax disputes and possible reputational damage. 
For further information in relation to the tax proceedings please see Section headed “Legal and Arbitration 
proceedings” in the “Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group” of this Base Prospectus. 
1.3 
Risks connected with the legal and regulatory framework 
1.3.1 
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy 
The Issuer shall comply with the revised global regulatory standards (Basel III) on bank capital adequacy and 
liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better risk coverage, 
measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of 
a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. In terms of 
banking prudential regulations, the Issuer is also subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 (BRRD, implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015) on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, as well as the relevant technical standards 
and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (i.e. the European Banking Authority (EBA)), which, inter alia, provide 
for capital requirements for credit institutions, recovery and resolution mechanisms.Should UniCredit not be able 
to meet the capital requirements imposed by the applicable laws and regulations, it may be required to maintain 
higher levels of capital which could potentially impact its credit ratings, and funding conditions and which could 
limit UniCredit's growth opportunities. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD IV Directive) and 
Regulation 2013/575/EU (the CRR, together with the CRD IV Directive, the CRD IV Package) subsequently 
updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (the Banking Reform Package with 
CRR II and CRD V). In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD introduces requirements 
for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, or MREL). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
on a consolidated basis, as well as the standard on total loss absorbing capacity for systemically important banks 
(TLAC). The MREL and TLAC requirements involve similar risks. They constrain the structure of liabilities and 
require the use of subordinated debt, which have an impact on cost and potentially on the Issuer’s financing 
capacity. The Banking Reform Package also contains the Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II), which amended 
the BRRD, introducing, inter alia, significant changes to the standards regarding the calibration of the MREL 
requirement for banks that are systematically relevant and redefining the scope of MREL itself in order to align 
the eligibility criteria with those set out in the CRR so as to converge this ratio with the TLAC.  
For more information on the capital adequacy legislation applicable to the Issuer, please see Section headed 
“Information about the Issuer”, paragraph 1.1.4 (The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer) of this Base Prospectus. 
Capital Adequacy requirements 
The ECB is required under the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 (the SSM Regulation establishing the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)) to carry out a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) at 
least on an annual basis. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements 
as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might 
be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial 
system. 
In December 2019, UniCredit has been informed by ECB of its final decision concerning capital requirements 
following the results of its annual SREP. With its decision, the Single Supervisor has lowered, compared to the 
SREP decision of the previous year, the Pillar 2 capital requirement by 25 basis points to 175 basis points, 
applicable from 1 January 2020. As a consequence, UniCredit was required to meet the following overall capital 
requirements on a consolidated basis from 1 January 2020: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 9.84 per cent.; 
• 
Tier 1 ratio 11.34 per cent.;  
• 
Total Capital ratio 13.34 per cent.12. 
Furthermore, the SREP 2019 letter includes, among the qualitative measures, the same regarding the management 
of non-performing loans as in the previous year. Indeed, following the ECB's request to banks in countries with 
relatively high levels of non-performing loans, the Issuer has been requested to: 
i. 
provide the ECB by 31 March 2020 with an update of the three-year strategic and operational plan for the 
management of NPEs, including clear quantitative targets aimed at reducing the high level of NPEs; 
ii. 
provide the ECB, by 31 August 2020 and based on data as at 30 June 2020, with information on the status 
of implementation of the strategic and operational plan for the management of NPEs. 
Subsequently, within the framework of the ECB's actions to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 and allow banks 
to focus on related operations, the above deadlines were initially amended to 30 September; last July they were 
postponed to 31 March 2021 in order to provide banks with additional time to better estimate the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on asset quality. 
It should also be noted that the ECB indicated in its SREP 2019 letter the Group's activities in Russia and Turkey 
as an area of weakness, uncertainty and potential risk due to potential macroeconomic and political developments 
in these countries. 
In addition, in April 2020, following the COVID-19 emergency, the ECB has amended its SREP 2019 decision 
establishing that the Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) shall be held in the form of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital and 
                                                     
12 Assuming the Countercyclical Capital Buffer equal to the 2019 year-end value. The Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB) depends on the 
credit exposures of UniCredit to countries where countercyclical capital ratios have been or will be set and on the respective requirements set 
by the relevant national authorities, and may therefore vary on a quarterly basis over the reporting period.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum (in the original decision the P2R was to be held entirely in the form 
of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital). 
This implies that UniCredit and the other Banks supervised by ECB are allowed to partially use Additional Tier 
1 or Tier 2 instruments in order to comply with the P2R instead of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital. This 
advances a measure that was initially planned to enter into force in January 2021, following the latest revision of 
the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V). 
The early introduction of this measure brings further improvement in the UniCredit Capital adequacy, as 
UniCredit’s Overall Capital Requirement to be held in form of CET1 Capital is lowered by maximum 77bps, as 
a function of how Tier 1 and Total Capital compares with their respective requirements (i.e. being UniCredit’s 
P2R equal to 175 bps it can be covered by maximum 77 bps by Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments of which 
maximum 44 bps can be covered by Tier 2 instruments).  
As a consequence of all what above and of the decision adopted by the competent National Authorities concerning 
the Countercyclical Capital Buffers, as of 31 December 2020, UniCredit shall meet the following overall capital 
requirements on a consolidated basis: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 9.03 per cent.; 
• 
Tier 1 ratio 10.85 per cent.;  
• 
Total Capital ratio 13.29 per cent.. 
On 12 May 2020, ECB Banking Supervision announced it had adjusted its SREP approach for 2020 in light of 
the COVID-19 pandemic. The European Banking Authority (EBA) also published on 23 July Guidelines for 
competent authorities for the special procedure for the SREP 2020, identifying how flexibility and pragmatism 
could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in the context of this pandemic. The 2020 SREP cycle 
focused on the ability of the supervised entities to handle the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on 
their current and prospective risk profile. 
The ECB in fact announced that only in exceptional cases it would have updated the banks’ current requirements 
and that it would not issue SREP decisions for the 2020 SREP cycle. The 2019 SREP decisions therefore would 
not be superseded nor amended and would remain in force (as amended by the March 2020 ECB Decisions 
changing the P2R compositions). 
An operational letter from the ECB on 24 November 2020 confirmed this approach for UniCredit and the ECB 
did not make a formal 2020 SREP decision. Consequently, the abovementioned requirements as of 31 December 
2020 are in force also for 2021 (except for any change in the countercyclical capital buffer, which is updated every 
quarter). 
As of 31 December 2020, the consolidated capital ratios (CETI Capital, Tier 1 and Total Capital Transitional 
ratios) were equal to, respectively, 15.96 per cent., 18.22 per cent. and 20.72 per cent. with an excess of CET1 
with respect to the requirement which the Group shall comply with (so called MDA buffer) of 693 bps. 
It should be noted that from 30 June 2020 the Group has adopted the so called transitional phase-in regarding the 
application of the IFRS9 accounting principle, that implies a difference between the CET1 ratio Transitional 
(relevant for the respect of capital requirements) and the CET1 ratio Fully Loaded. As of 31 December 2020, the 
CET1 Fully Loaded of the Group was equal to 15.14 per cent., exceeding by 611 bps the fully loaded minimum 
capital requirements for CET1 ratio. 
As of 31 December 2020, the fully loaded leverage ratio was 5.70 per cent., while the transitional leverage ratio 
stood at 6.21 per cent. 
As a consequence of all what above above and of the decision adopted by the competent National Authorities 
concerning the Countercyclical capital buffers, as of 31 March 2021, UniCredit shall meet the following overall 
capital requirements on a consolidated basis:  
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio: 9.03 per cent.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
• 
Tier 1 ratio: 10.86 per cent. 
• 
Total Capital ratio: 13.30 per cent. 
As of 31 March 2021, the consolidated capital ratios (CETI Capital, Tier 1 and Total Capital Transitional ratios) 
were equal to, respectively, 16.54 per cent., 18.80 per cent. and 21.60 per cent. with an excess of CET1 with 
respect to the requirement which the Group shall comply with (so called MDA buffer) of 751 bps.  
As of 31 March 2021, the CET1 Fully Loaded, i.e. calculated without considering the benefit arising from IFRS 
9 Transitional arrangements, ratio of the Group was equal to 15.92 per cent., exceeding by 689 bps the fully loaded 
minimum capital requirements for CET1 ratio. 
Always as of 31 March 2021, the fully loaded leverage ratio was 5.68 per cent., while the transitional leverage 
ratio stood at 6.09 per cent. 
UniCredit participated in the 2019 stress test conducted by the ECB, the “Sensitivity analysis of Liquidity Risk - 
Stress Test 2019” (LiST 2019), which was an analysis based on idiosyncratic liquidity shocks with no macro-
economic scenario nor market risk shocks. The outcome has been included into the SREP 2019. The sensitivity 
analysis also aimed to integrate the ECB SREP analyses with respect to banks’ ILAAP and to deep-dive on certain 
aspects of their liquidity risk management, such as the ability to mobilize collateral and impediments to collateral 
flows. No individual results have been published by the ECB. 
It should be noted that, if UniCredit participates in a new stress test, it may face a potential increase in minimum 
capital requirements, in the event that the Group is identified as vulnerable to the stress scenarios designed by the 
supervisory authorities. In this context, it should be noted that UniCredit is participating in the 2021 EBA EU-
wide Stress Test, coordinated by the EBA together with the ECB, the European Systemic Risk Board and the 
competent national authorities, originally planned for 2020 but postponed in order to reduce the operational burden 
in the COVID-19 context. The results for the individual banks will be published at the end of July 2021.  
During the fourth quarter of 2020, EBA performed an additional EU-wide transparency exercise to provide 
updated information as of June 2020 on banks' exposures and asset quality to financial operators; EBA published 
the results in the beginning of December 2020. 
It should be noted that, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of COVID-19, 
announced certain measures aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, can continue to provide 
credit support to the real economy. 
Considering that the European banking sector acquired a significant amount of capital reserves (with the aim of 
enabling banks to face with stressful situations such as COVID-19), the ECB allows banks to operate temporarily 
below the capital level defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) and the capital conservation buffer (CCB). 
Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be further improved by an appropriate revision of the 
countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) by the competent national authorities. 
Moreover, due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with the recommendation of 27 March 2020 the ECB recommended 
that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends 
is undertaken by the credit institutions for the financial year 2019 and 2020 and that credit institutions refrain from 
share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders. 
Therefore, in order to be compliant with the ECB’s recommendation, on 29 March 2020 the Board of Directors 
resolved to withdraw the proposed resolutions (i) to distribute a FY19 dividend and (ii) to authorize a share 
buyback and (iii) to cancel the treasury shares that may be purchased under the above mentioned authorisation, 
which were to be submitted for the Shareholders' Meeting convened on 9 April 2020.  
Therefore, in March 2020, the Group released the FY19 dividend deducted up to December 2019 from CET1 
capital for prudential purposes, with a positive effect of 37 basis points on the CET1 capital ratio. 
Since the ECB, on 28 July 2020, extended its recommendation to banks on dividend distributions and share buy-
backs until 1 January 2021 and asked banks to be extremely moderate with regard to variable remuneration, 
UniCredit has not paid dividends nor did share buybacks (SBB) in 2020. This was neutral for coupon payments 
on AT1 bond and cashes instruments.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
On 15 December 2020, updating the communication of 28 July 2020, the ECB published the Recommendation 
2020/62 “on dividend distributions during the COVID-19 pandemic and repealing Recommendation 
ECB/2020/35”. The recommendation asks banks to “refrain from or limit dividends until September 2021”; banks 
are asked to limit dividends to the lower between (i) 15 per cent. of cumulated 2019-20 adjusted profits and (ii) 
20 bps of CET1 ratio. At UniCredit, the lower value is represented by the 15 per cent. (ECB cap) of the cumulated 
stated net profits for the years 2019 and 2020, adjusted, as per ECB recommendation. 
In particular, in accordance with the ECB recommendation, the cumulated 2019-2020 adjusted profit at 
consolidated level, on which the 15 per cent. payout ratio is applied, is calculated by adjusting the profit/loss result 
for the following items: (i) goodwill and intangible assets impairment, (ii) impairment of deferred tax assets that 
rely on future profitability and do not arise from temporary differences net of associated tax liabilities, (iii) 
reclassifications from other comprehensive income into profit and (iv) distribution related to AT1 instruments 
charged against equity. 
The amount resulting from such calculation is equal to a total amount of Euro 447 million, whose distribution for 
(i) 60 per cent. has been paid via cash dividends (equal to Euro 268 million) on 21 April 2021 following the 
approval by the Shareholders’ Meeting and (ii) 40 per cent. will be made via SBB (equal to Euro 179 million), 
already authorized by the Shareholders’ Meeting and ECB, which is expected to be completed by the end of 3Q21. 
The cash component was already deducted from Own Funds in 4Q20, while the SBB component has been 
deducted from 1Q21, once the ECB authorization has been released. 
In addition, the AGM in April 2021 has approved an extraordinary capital distribution for an amount of Euro 652 
million, entirely in the form of SBB. This extraordinary capital distribution is subject to approval of the competent 
authorities and conditioned on the fact that, on 30 September 2021, the ECB will repeal the recommendation of 
15 December 2020. This extraordinary SBB execution is expected to commence not before 1 October 2021. 
Moreover, always conditional to the repeal of the recommendations on dividend distribution, UniCredit will re-
instate the capital distribution policy in 2021 for financial year 2020 and following years. This means UniCredit 
targets to distribute 50 per cent. of underlying net profit to shareholders through a maximum 30 per cent. cash 
dividend payout of the underlying net profit and minimum 20 per cent. for share buyback. Based on the market 
environment, the Group could review the split between cash dividend and share buyback. 
To conservatively account for its capital position, UniCredit has started from March 2021 to accrue the cash 
dividend for 2021 at a rate of 30 per cent. of the underlying net income, while the SBB is subject to regulatory 
approval and the related deduction from CET1 capital for prudential purposes will be done in Spring 2022 
following such regulatory approval. 
Having regard to the assessments made in relation to the probability of the occurrence of such risk and the extent 
of any negative impact, the Issuer evaluates that the materiality of such risk shall be medium-high. 
1.3.2 
Evolution of banking prudential regulation 
The Group and the Issuer operate in a stringent and detailed regulatory context and are subject to the supervision 
by the competent supervisory authorities (i.e. ECB, Bank of Italy, CONSOB). Either the regulatory framework 
and the supervision activity are subject to ongoing changes in the law and ongoing developments respectively. 
Moreover, being a listed issuer, the Issuer shall comply with all the further provisions enacted by CONSOB. 
Together with all these laws and regulations, the Issuer shall also comply with, by way of example but not limited 
to, anti-money laundering, usury and consumer protections legislations.  
Notwithstanding, the Issuer undertakes to comply with all the applicable statutory provisions. The risk of non-
compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements could lead to additional legal risk and financial 
losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in extreme scenarios, 
to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorization to pursue business. 
The banking and financial regulatory framework to which the Group is subject is extremely stringent and detailed. 
The Issuer is also subject to the supervision by the competent supervisory authorities, including ECB, Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any changes relating to the 
interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent authorities could negatively impact the operating 
results and capital and financial position of UniCredit. 
For more information on legislation applicable to the Issuer, please see section headed “Information about the 
Issuer”, paragraph 1.1.4 (The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place 
of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer) of this Base Prospectus. 
1.3.3 
Risks connected with ordinary and extraordinary contributions to funds established under the scope of 
the banking crisis rules 
 The Issuer and the Group shall comply with the contribution obligations required by the bank resolution 
legislation. Should the amount of ordinary contributions requested to Group companies increase, the Group’s 
profitability would decrease and the level of capital resources of the Issuer and the Group would be negatively 
affected; should extraordinary contributions be requested to the Group, this could have a negative impact, even 
significant, on financial position and economic results of the Group. 
Following the crisis that affected many financial institutions from 2008, various risk-reducing measures have been 
introduced, both at European level and at individual Member State level. Their implementation involves 
significant outlays by individual financial institutions in support of the banking system. 
The ordinary contribution obligations contribute to reducing profitability and have a negative impact on the 
Group's capital resources. It is not possible to rule out that the level of ordinary contributions required from the 
Group banks will increase in the future in relation to the development of the amount related to protected deposits 
and/or the risk relating to Group banks compared with the total number of banks committed to paying said 
contributions.  
In addition, it is not possible to rule out that, even in future, as a result of events that cannot be controlled or 
predetermined, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS), the Single Resolution Fund (SRF), the National Resolution 
Fund (NRF) and/or the Fondo Interbancario di tutela dei depositi (FITD), do not find themselves in a situation of 
having to ask for more, new extraordinary contributions. This would involve the need to record further 
extraordinary expenses with impacts, including significant ones, on the capital and financial position of UniCredit. 
For further information in relation to the above-mentioned ordinary and extraordinary contributions, please see 
the Issuer's audited consolidated annual financial report at 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference herein. 
1.3.4 
Risks connected with the entry into force of new accounting principles and changes to applicable 
accounting principles 
The UniCredit Group is exposed, like other parties operating in the banking sector, to the effects of the entry into 
force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or standards and regulations and/or changes to 
them (including those resulting from IFRS as endorsed and adopted into European law). Specifically, in the future, 
the UniCredit Group may need to revise the accounting and regulatory treatment of some existing assets and 
liabilities and transactions (and related income and expense), with possible negative effects, including significant 
ones, on the estimates in financial plans for future years, and this could lead the Group to having to restate 
financial data published previously. 
In 2020 the following standards, amendments or interpretations came into force: 
• 
Amendment to IFRS16 Leases Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions (EU Regulation 2020/1434); 
• 
Amendments to IFRS3: Business Combinations (EU Regulation 2020/551); 
• 
Amendments to IFRS9, IAS39 and IFRS7: Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (EU Regulation 2020/34); 
• 
Amendments to IAS1 and IAS8: Definition of Material (EU Regulation 2019/2104);

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
• 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards (EU Regulation 
2019/2075); 
whose adoption has not determined substantial effects on the amounts recognised in balance sheet or income 
statement. 
As at 31 December 2020, the accounting standard “Amendments to IFRS4 Insurance Contracts - deferral of 
IFRS9” (EU Regulation 2020/2097) applicable to reporting starting from 1 January 2021 has been endorsed by 
the European Commission. 
As at 31 December 2020, the IASB issued the following accounting standards whose application is subject to 
completion of the endorsement process by the competent bodies of the European Union, which is still ongoing: 
• 
IFRS17 Insurance Contracts (May 2017) including Amendments to IFRS17 (June 2020); 
• 
Amendments to IAS1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or 
Non-current and Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current - Deferral of Effective Date 
(January 2020 and July 2020 respectively); 
• 
Amendments to IFRS3 Business Combinations; IAS16 Property, Plant and Equipment; IAS37 
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as well as Annual Improvements (May 2020);  
• 
Amendments to IFRS9, IAS39, IFRS7, IFRS4 and IFRS16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2 
(August 2020). It should be noted that these amendments have been endorsed by the competent bodies 
of the European Union on 13 January 2021. The Group has not yet adopted these amendments. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
1.1 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
1.1.1 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with, Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 
10.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
Also, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Issuer 
Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes. See also “Risks relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes - Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
redemption” below.  
In addition, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem 
Subordinated Notes and, in the case of the Italian Law Notes, the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a change 
of the regulatory classification of the relevant Subordinated Notes or, in the case of the Italian Law Notes, 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with Condition 8.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. See also “Risks relating to Subordinated Notes - Regulatory 
classification of the Notes” in respect of Subordinated Notes and “Risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
- Regulatory classification of the Notes” in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes below. 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC 
Requirements). See “Risks relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes - Early redemption and 
purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted” below for further 
information. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes or, in the case of Italian Law Notes, Additional Tier 1 Notes is 
subject to the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with the then applicable 
Relevant Regulations. See also “Risks relating to Subordinated Notes - Early redemption and purchase of 
the Subordinated Notes may be restricted” in respect of Subordinated Notes and “Risks relating to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes - Early redemption and purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be restricted” in respect 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes below for further information. 
1.1.2 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
1.1.3 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. The credit rating assigned to the Notes may be suspended, reduced or withdrawn. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
1.2 
Risks relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes  
1.2.1 
An investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of 
insolvency of UniCredit 
UniCredit’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities and claims 
arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. Senior Liabilities 
means any direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or 
indebtedness or obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of UniCredit for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by UniCredit, as the case may be, 
and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which 
are preferred, there is a real risk that an investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should UniCredit become insolvent. 
1.2.2 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, being events upon which the 
Trustee in the case of English Law Notes (or, in certain circumstances, the Noteholders in the case of Italian Law 
Notes) may declare the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes to be immediately due and payable, are 
limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes, subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined 
in Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 of the Republic of Italy (as amended from time to time) (the 
Banking Act) as set out in Condition 11.1 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 
13.1 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, including the payment of any interest, the Trustee in the case of English Law Notes (and the 
Noteholders in the case of Italian Law Notes) will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole 
remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue 
of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds, please also see Risk Factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainability Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or 
social assets or sustainable assets". 
1.2.3 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be 
restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the then applicable Relevant 
Regulations, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of 
such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
or TLAC Requirements. 
In addition, under the Banking Reform Package, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL or TLAC Requirements is 
subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Resolution Authority where applicable from time to time under the 
applicable laws and regulations. The Banking Reform Package states that the Relevant Resolution Authority 
would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes where any of the 
following conditions is met: 
• 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the 
Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer;  
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements for Own

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
50 
Funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD IV Directive or the BRRD (or, in either case, any relevant 
provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD IV Directive or, as appropriate, the BRRD) or the CRD 
IV Regulation by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent 
Authority, considers necessary; or 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the CRD IV Regulation and in the CRD IV Directive for 
continuing authorisation. 
In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes early or at any time. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period.  
1.2.4 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to an MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event redemption 
If at any time a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the applicable Final Terms for the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is applicable, the 
Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of such Series at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any outstanding interest. Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer 
provided that any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the MREL or TLAC Requirements at the relevant 
time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC 
Requirements) have been complied with by the Issuer. A MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means that, at 
any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or 
TLAC Requirements, subject as set out in Condition 8.5 (Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.  
If the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that 
Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same 
rate of return as their investment in the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, the occurrence 
of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. Also, if 
at any time an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event with regard to Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
which are English Law Notes occurs then the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes which are English Law Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without 
Noteholder consent” above, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms 
of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, as applicable. 
1.2.5 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are English Law Notes may be subject to 
substitution and modification without Noteholders' consent. Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes which are Italian Law Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes which are English Law Notes, or vary the terms of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
which are either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or 
(for the English Law Notes only) substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or (for the English Law Notes only) substituted securities.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
51 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the 
Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 21 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be 
given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes) 
notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them 
of holding the notes prior to such substitution or variation (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes). 
1.2.6 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application 
of the general bail-in-tool 
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the general bail-in tool, or any other power under 
the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect 
the rights of holders Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or value of their investment in any 
such Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. Any shares issued to holders 
of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may be 
of little value at the time of conversion and may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
1.3 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes  
1.3.1 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency of 
UniCredit 
UniCredit’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. Senior Liabilities means any direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or indebtedness or obligations which are 
subordinated but to a lesser degree than the obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes) of UniCredit 
for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by UniCredit, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or 
mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes 
may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that 
an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should UniCredit become insolvent.  
1.3.2 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or 
at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or may be the subject to the burden sharing requirements of the 
EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments such 
as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken, with 
losses absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-
Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion 
into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements 
of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for 
three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering 
resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central 
banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form 
of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that 
shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of 
restructuring.

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
52 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the UniCredit Group’s entities or another institution. 
Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or 
the general bail-in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU 
state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily 
expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should 
consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued 
interest if the Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes 
or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such 
Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at 
the time of conversion. 
In addition, on 20 April 2021, the Italian Parliament approved delegation law (Legge di delegazione europea) 
2019-2020 (the BRRD II Delegation Law), which provides for the implementation of the BRRD II in Italy and 
sets forth, under Article 11, the principles for such implementation. However, the BRRD II Delegation Law does 
not contain specific provisions transposing Article 48(7) of BRRD II into Italian law, and it is therefore unclear 
how this provision will be implemented in Italy. According to Article 48(7) of BRRD II, a claim resulting from 
an Own Funds item shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an Own Funds item and if an 
instrument is only partly recognised as an Own Funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as a claim 
resulting from an Own Funds item. In other jurisdictions in the EU, such transposition requires certain instruments 
which are fully disqualified as own funds items to be treated with an improved ranking compared to any claim 
that results from an Own Funds item (such as Subordinated Notes). Once Article 48(7) of BRRD II is implemented 
in Italy, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer were to be disqualified entirely as Own Funds items in the future, 
their ranking could improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds 
items (in whole or in part) and, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter 
alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognized as an own funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated 
Notes. Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such Notes could not 
be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they would 
continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary financial support in 
accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, the burden sharing requirements of such legislation. 
1.3.3 
Subordinated Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Subordinated Notes, being events upon which the Trustee in the case of English 
Law Notes (or, in certain circumstances, the Noteholders in the case of Italian Law Notes) may declare the 
Subordinated Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes 
subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Banking Act as set out in Condition 11.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 13.2 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to 
meet any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, the Trustee in 
the case of English Law Notes and the Noteholders in the case of Italian Law Notes will not have the right of 
acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner 
than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets". 
1.3.4 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
Relevant Regulations, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and 
in the manner, required by the then applicable Relevant Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 
of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either:

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
53 
(i)  
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the 
CRD IV Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 
2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
call)), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that action on the basis of 
the determination that it would be classified from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the Relevant Regulations for the time being. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or purchase. 
In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated Notes early or at any 
time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of 
an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period.  
1.3.5 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
The intention of UniCredit is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital" for regulatory 
capital purposes.  
Although it is UniCredit’s expectation that the Notes qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", there can be no 
representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes. If there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Tier 
2 Capital" and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior 
to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent 
Authority (as defined in Condition 8.14 of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.15 of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) considers such a change to be 
reasonably certain and (ii) UniCredit demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by 
UniCredit as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, UniCredit will (if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 8.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority and in accordance with the then applicable Relevant Regulations. There can be no assurance that 
holders of such Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate 
that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. In

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
54 
addition, the occurrence of such event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. Also, if at 
any time a Regulatory Event with regard to Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes occurs then 
the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes may be 
subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent” above, at any time either substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable. 
1.3.6 
Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes may be subject to substitution and modification 
without Noteholders' consent. Subordinated Notes which are Italian Law Notes may be subject to 
modification without Noteholders' consent  
If (i) at any time, a Regulatory Event occurs for any Series of Subordinated Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) 
of the Terms and Conditions for any Series of Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes and 
Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for any 
Series of Subordinated Notes which are Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as 
appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of a 
Series of Subordinated Notes which are English Law Notes, or vary the terms of Subordinated Notes which 
are either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or (for the English Law Notes only) 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or (for the English Law 
Notes only) substituted securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory 
Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes) notes could be different for some 
categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to 
such substitution or variation (for either English Law Notes or Italian Law Notes). 
1.4 
Risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
1.4.1 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes are unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
subordinate and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, the 
Issuer’s obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments and any Tier 2 Capital or guarantee in respect 
of any such instruments (other than any instrument or contractual right expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes), as more fully described in the “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”. 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Noteholders shall rank senior to any payments to 
holders of the Issuer’s shares, including its azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares and azioni di risparmio (or certain 
securities or guarantees expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer’s shares or otherwise junior to the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, as further described in Condition 5 (Status of the Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes). In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors on 
liquidation, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Additional Tier 1 Notes will be terminated (save 
as otherwise provided under applicable law from time to time). Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all 
steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation 
to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Although the Additional Tier 1 Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a substantial risk that investors in subordinated notes such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes will lose all or 
some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
55 
1.4.2 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the 
occurrence of the exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital 
instruments write-down and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or 
may be subject to the burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Noteholders should understand that the powers to convert, write-down or cancel the Additional Tier 1 Notes given 
to resolution authorities pursuant to the rules and regulations described below are in addition to the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event.  
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments such as the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes through the application of Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Any shares issued to holders of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any future application 
of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements 
of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for 
three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering 
resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central 
banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form 
of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that 
shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Additional Tier 1 Notes) contribute to the costs 
of restructuring. 
As a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to common 
equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the UniCredit Group’s entities or another institution. Accordingly, 
trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in 
tool) may be applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes are not necessarily expected 
to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that 
they may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Additional Tier 1 Notes may 
be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
For as long as the Additional Tier 1 Notes are in global form and in the event that any Write-Down or Write-Up 
is required pursuant to the Conditions, the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system of their respective participants’ position held in the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be 
immediately updated to reflect the amount of Write-Down or Write-Up and may continue to reflect the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to such Write-Down or Write-Up, for a period of time. The 
update process of the relevant clearing system may only be completed after the date on which the Write-Down or 
Write-Up will occur. No assurance can be given as to the period of time required by the relevant clearing system 
to complete the update of their records. Further, the conveyance of notices and other communications by the 
relevant clearing system to their respective participants, by those participants to their respective indirect 
participants, and by the participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners of interests in the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes in global form will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
In addition, on 20 April 2021, the Italian Parliament approved the BRRD II Delegation Law, which provides for 
the implementation of the BRRD II in Italy and sets forth, under Article 11, the principles for such implementation. 
However, the BRRD II Delegation Law does not contain specific provisions transposing Article 48(7) of BRRD 
II into Italian law, and it is therefore unclear how this provision will be implemented in Italy. According to Article 
48(7) of BRRD II, a claim resulting from an Own Funds item shall rank lower than any claim that does not result 
from an Own Funds item and if an instrument is only partly recognised as an Own Funds item, the whole 
instrument shall be treated as a claim resulting from an Own Funds item. In other jurisdictions in the EU, such

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
56 
transposition requires certain instruments which are fully disqualified as own funds items to be trated with an 
improved ranking compared to any claim that results from an Own Funds item (such as Additional Tier 1 Notes). 
Once Article 48(7) of BRRD II is implemented in Italy, if Additional Tier 1 Notes of the Issuer were to be 
disqualified entirely as Own Funds items in the future, their ranking could improve compared to Additional Tier 
1 Notes which at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part) and, in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognized as an own funds 
instrument in full before it can make any payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Furthermore, if the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such Notes could not be subject to a write-down or 
conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they would continue to be subject to 
bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state 
aid framework and the BRRD, the burden sharing requirements of such legislation. 
1.4.3 
There are no events of default, other than in the case of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, under 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes do not provide for events of default, other than in the case 
of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Banking Act as set out in Condition 13.2 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, allowing acceleration of the Additional Tier 1 Notes if certain events 
occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes, including the 
payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the 
sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or 
interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged 
to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, 
please also see Risk Factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable 
assets". 
1.4.4 
The Issuer may elect in its full discretion to cancel interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes and may, 
in certain circumstances, be required to cancel such interest 
The Issuer may elect at any time in its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited period and 
on a no-cumulative basis Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on any Interest Payment Date.  
Further, the Issuer will be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own 
Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any payments already accounted for 
in determining the Distributable Items. The Issuer’s Distributable Items will depend to a large extent on, inter 
alia, the dividends that it receives from its subsidiaries and affiliates. See also “–The level of the Issuer’s 
Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient Distributable Items will restrict the ability 
of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes” below.  
The Issuer will also be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) 
if and to the extent that such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the 
UniCredit Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, 
in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any 
provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s)), would cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
UniCredit Group to be exceeded, or where such Interest Amounts are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) 
by an order to the Issuer from the Competent Authority. For further details, see section below “If the Issuer 
breaches the combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the 
Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may 
not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments”.  
Additionally, the Competent Authority has the power under Article 104 of the CRD IV Directive to restrict or 
prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments such as the Additional Tier

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
57 
1 Notes. The risk of any such intervention by the Competent Authority is most likely to materialise if at any time 
the Issuer or the UniCredit Group is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its capital requirements – see “If the 
Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict 
the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders 
may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments” below.  
Also, in accordance with Article 63(j) of the BRRD (as implemented in Italy by Article 60(1)(i) of Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015), the Competent Authority has the power to alter the amount of interest payable under debt 
instruments issued by banks subject to resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable 
under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). The Competent 
Authority also has the power under Articles 53-bis and 67-ter of the Banking Act to impose requirements on the 
Issuer, the effect of which will be to restrict or prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to Noteholders, which 
is most likely to materialise if at any time the Issuer is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its capital or liquidity 
requirements. If the Competent Authority exercises its discretion, the Issuer will exercise its discretion to cancel 
(in whole or in part, as required by the Competent Authority) interest payments in respect of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event (as defined in Condition 8 (Loss absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), the Issuer will not 
make payment of accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes up to the Write-Down 
Effective Date and any such accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled. 
The cancellation of any Interest Amounts shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer. 
Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to 
pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and claims in respect of such 
amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor shall any Noteholder be 
entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. See Condition 7 (Interest and Interest Cancellation in 
respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
Because the Issuer is entitled to cancel Interest Amounts in its full discretion, it may do so even if it could make 
such payments without exceeding the limits described above. Interest Amounts on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
may be cancelled even if holders of the Issuer’s shares continue to receive dividends and/or the Issuer and/or its 
subsidiaries continues to make payments of interest or other amounts on other Additional Tier 1 instruments. 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will likely have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be more volatile than the 
market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may 
be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer’s financial condition. Any indication that, for 
example, the Issuer may not have sufficient Distributable Items and/or distributions may be limited by a Maximum 
Distributable Amount may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Also, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, Distributable Items and any Maximum Distributable Amount will 
depend in part on decisions made by the Issuer and other entities in the UniCredit Group relating to their businesses 
and operations, as well as the management of their capital position. The Issuer and other entities in the UniCredit 
Group will have no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in connection with their strategic decisions, 
including in respect of capital management and the relationship among the various entities in the UniCredit Group 
and the UniCredit Group’s structure. The Issuer may decide not to raise capital at a time when it is feasible to do 
so, even if that would result in the occurrence of a Contingency Event. Moreover, in order to avoid the use of 
public resources, the Competent Authority may decide that the Issuer should allow a Contingency Event to occur 
at a time when it is feasible to avoid it. Noteholders will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other entity 
in the UniCredit Group relating to decisions that affect the capital position of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, 
regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Contingency Event. Such decisions could cause 
Noteholders to lose all or part of their investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
58 
1.4.5 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient 
Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes 
As noted above, the Issuer will be required to cancel any Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own 
Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any payments already accounted for 
in determining the Distributable Items. 
The Issuer had approximately €20,23 billion of Distributable Items as at 31 December 2019, of which 
approximately €13,23 billion were represented by the distributable portion of the Share Premium Reserve (see 
also Section 12 Part B Liabilities, reported in the Notes to the Accounts of the 2019 UniCredit Annual Report and 
Accounts). 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors. The Issuer’s future Distributable 
Items, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments under the Additional Tier 1 Notes, are a 
function of the Issuer’s existing Distributable Items and its future profitability. In addition, the Issuer’s 
Distributable Items may also be adversely affected by the servicing of more senior instruments, parity ranking 
instruments or more junior ranking instruments, including dividends on the Issuer’s shares. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items may be affected by changes to accounting rules, regulation or the 
requirements and expectations of applicable regulatory authorities. Any such potential changes could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s Distributable Items in the future. 
Further, the Issuer’s Distributable Items, and therefore the Issuer’s ability to make interest payments under the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, may be adversely affected by the performance of the business of the UniCredit Group in 
general, factors affecting its financial position (including capital and leverage), the economic environment in 
which the UniCredit Group operates and other factors outside of the Issuer’s control. See generally “Factors that 
may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes” above. In addition, adjustments to earnings, 
as determined by the Board, may fluctuate significantly and may materially adversely affect Distributable Items. 
1.4.6 
If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement or the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement, a 
Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the Issuer from making interest 
payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to 
anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the CRD IV Directive, EU Member States must require that 
institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement (as described below) will be subject to restricted 
“discretionary payments” (which are defined broadly by CRD IV as payments relating to Common Equity Tier 1 
and Additional Tier 1 instruments and variable remuneration to staff). In addition, the Banking Reform Package 
includes a new Article 141b in the CRD IV Directive which introduces restrictions on distributions in the case of 
failure to meet the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement (i.e. G-SIB buffer), thus introducing a new Leverage Ratio 
Maximum Distributable Amount (L-MDA). The BRRD II also introduces in the BRRD a new Article 16a that 
clarifies the stacking order between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirements (including the 
TLAC requirement). Pursuant to this new provision the resolution authority shall have the power to prohibit an 
entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount for the Minimum Requirement for Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) (calculated in accordance with Article 16a(4) of the BRRD, the M-MDA) 
where the combined buffer requirement is not met when considered in addition to the MREL requirement. Article 
16a, envisages a potential nine month grace period whereby the resolution authority assesses on a monthly basis 
whether to exercise its powers under the provision, before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its 
power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions). 
The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement or, as 
appropriate, the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution 
since the last distribution of profits or “discretionary payments”. Such calculation will result in a “Maximum 
Distributable Amount” in each relevant period. As an example, if the available CET1 capital is within the bottom 
quartile of the combined buffer requirement or, as appropriate, if the available Tier 1 capital is within the bottom 
quartile of the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement, no “discretionary distributions” will be permitted to be paid.

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
59 
As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement or the Leverage Ratio buffer 
requirement, it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or 
in part) interest payments in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, the Issuer will have the discretion 
to determine how to allocate the Maximum Distributable Amount among the different types of payments 
contemplated in Article 141 or Article 141b of the CRD IV Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD and it may elect 
to allocate such amounts to “discretionary payments” other than in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Moreover, payments made earlier in the relevant period will reduce the remaining relevant Maximum 
Distributable Amount available for payments later in the relevant period, and the Issuer will have no obligation to 
preserve any portion of the relevant Maximum Distributable Amount for payments scheduled to be made later in 
a given period. Even if the Issuer attempts to do so, there can be no assurance that it will be successful, because 
the relevant Maximum Distributable Amount will depend on the amount of Net Income earned during the course 
of the relevant period, which will necessarily be difficult to predict.  
Under CRD IV, the Issuer is required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of risk 
weighted assets (the Pillar 1 Requirement). In addition to these so called “Own Funds” requirements under CRD 
IV, supervisory authorities may add extra capital requirements to cover risks they believe are not covered, or are 
insufficiently covered, by the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV (Pillar 2 Requirement). See also 
“Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme 
– Risks connected to Bank Capital Adequacy” above.  
The CRRII and the CRDV introduce, among other things, a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent Tier 1 Capital, 
a leverage ratio related maximum distributable amount for G-SIIs (as described above) and changes to the relevant 
regulator’s application of the Pillar 2 Requirement. The CRRII and the CRDV entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
The date of application of the new rules varies from the date of their entry into force and 12 months to four years 
after their entry into force.  
According to the CRDV, the Pillar 2 Requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. Furthermore, the CRDV authorises the relevant competent 
authority to require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 
Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of 
the relevant institution).  
The CRDV also introduces a so-called “guidance on additional own funds” requirement (the Pillar 2 Guidance), 
which sets a level and quality of capital the relevant credit institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall 
capital requirement. The Pillar 2 Guidance will be based on expectations of competent authorities for each 
institution to hold capital in excess of its capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and combined buffer 
requirement in order to address forward-looking and remote situations. A failure to meet the Pillar 2 Guidance 
does not trigger automatic restrictions on distributions provided for in Article 141 and 141b of the CRD IV 
Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD. However, where an institution repeatedly fails to meet the Pillar 2 Guidance, 
the competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose additional own 
funds requirements.  
According to EBA’s guidelines to national supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) and supervisory stress testing (the SREP Guidelines), as most 
recently updated on 19 July 2018, competent authorities may, on the basis of the vulnerabilities and deficiencies 
identified in the SREP assessment, among other things, restrict or prohibit distributions or interest payments by a 
credit institution to members or holders of its Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, as provided by Article 104 
(1 (i)) of the CRD IV. Accordingly, the additional Pillar 2 Requirement that may be imposed on the Issuer and/or 
the UniCredit Group by the ECB pursuant to the SREP will require the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to hold 
capital levels above the Pillar 1 Requirement. 
Also, as part of the CRD IV transitional arrangements, regulatory capital recognition of outstanding instruments 
which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments under the framework which the CRD IV has replaced 
that no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package will be gradually phased out. Fixing the base 
at the nominal amount of such instruments outstanding on 1 January 2013, their recognition is capped at 80 per 
cent. in 2014, with this cap decreasing by 10 per cent. in each subsequent year. A further rule introduced by the 
CRRII, applicable in respect of liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, allows for the “grandfathering” of 
instruments as, respectively, Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 2 instruments and eligible liabilities, even if they 
do not fully comply with certain requirements of the CRRII. This treatment is available until 28 June 2025 at the 
latest.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
60 
The Banking Reform Package clarifies the distinction between the Pillar 2 Requirement and Pillar 2 Guidance. 
Under the Banking Reform Package (and as described above), only the “Pillar 2 Requirement”, and not “Pillar 2 
Guidance”, will be relevant in determining whether an institution meets its combined buffer requirement for the 
purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions.  
On 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into account the economic effects of COVID-19, announced certain measures 
aimed at ensuring that banks, under its direct supervision, are still able to provide credit support to the real 
economy. In such context, the ECB has allowed banks to operate temporarily below the capital level defined by 
the Pillar 2 Guidance, the CCB and the LCR. Furthermore, the ECB expects these temporary measures to be 
further improved by an appropriate revision of the CCyB by the competent national authorities. The Bank of Italy 
has decided to keep the CCyB at zero per cent. for the second quarter of 2021. 
The following tables show the impact of the Pillar 2 Requirement on the required minimum CET1 Capital ratio, 
Tier 1 Capital ratio and Total Capital ratio, in each case on a consolidated basis, as from the dates indicated, on 
the level at which the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions will take effect:  
Required minimum CET1 Capital ratio 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
As at 31 March 2021 
Pillar 1 CET1 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 CET1 requirement 
0.98% 
0.98% 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
3.54%1 
3.55%1  
MDA level 
9.03% 
9.03% 
1 Including 0.04 per cent. of countercyclical capital buffer as at 31 December 2020, and 0.05 per cent. as at 31 March 2021 to be calculated 
on a quarterly basis. 
Required Minimum Tier 1 ratio 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 March 2021 
Pillar 1 CET1 
4.5% 
4.5% 
Pillar 1 Additional Tier 11 
1.5% 
1.5% 
Pillar 2 Tier 1 requirement 
1.31% 
1.31% 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
3.54%2 
3.55%2  
MDA level 
10.85% 
10.86% 
1 May be comprised of Additional Tier 1 or CET1. 
2 Including 0.04 per cent. of countercyclical capital buffer as at 31 December 2020, and 0.05 per cent. as at 31 March 2021 to be calculated 
on a quarterly basis. 
Required Minimum Total Capital ratio 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
As at 31 March 2021 
Pillar 1 CET1 
4.5% 
4.5%

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
61 
Pillar 1 Additional Tier 11 
1.5% 
1.5% 
Pillar 1 Tier 22 
2% 
2% 
Pillar 2 Total Capital requirement 
1.75% 
1.75% 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
3.54%3 
3.55%3  
MDA level 
13.29%  
13.30% 
1 May be comprised of Additional Tier 1 or CET1. 
2 May be comprised of Tier 2, Additional Tier 1 or CET1. 
3 Including 0.04 per cent. of countercyclical capital buffer as at 31 December 2020, and 0.05 per cent. as at 31 March 2021 to be calculated 
on a quarterly basis. 
As at 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2021, the consolidated capital ratios (CET1 Capital, Tier 1 and Total 
Capital ratios), are set out in the table below: 
Capital ratios 
31 March 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
CET1 Capital ratio  
16.54% 
15.96% 
13.22% 
Tier 1 ratio 
18.80% 
18.22% 
14.90% 
Total Capital ratio  
21.60% 
20.72% 
17.69% 
The fully loaded leverage ratio proforma13 was 5.68 per cent. in 1Q21. 
The transitional leverage ratio proforma stood at 6.09 per cent. in 1Q21. 
UniCredit is fully compliant with its TLAC requirement14 with a 1Q21 pro forma TLAC transitional ratio of 27.30 
per cent. and a pro forma TLAC MDA transitional buffer of 775 bps. 
Starting from 30 June 2020, CET1 Capital (and as a consequence also the CET1, the Tier 1 and the Total Capital 
ratios) benefits from the application of the transitional arrangements foreseen by the regulation for IFRS9 
provisions adopted by the Group in the quarter. Moreover, the transitional adjustments with reference to the phase 
out limits for the Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments subject to grandfathering, in compliance with 
CRR Article 486, are still applicable (the applicable limit was 20 per cent. as of 31 December 2020, and 10 per 
cent. as of 31 March 2021). In addition, the new grandfathering framework is applicable, until 2025 and according 
to the CRR2 Article 494b, to the Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments issued before 27 June 2019 that do not 
fully comply with the CRR2 Articles 52 and 63.  
If at any time the Issuer is unable to maintain its total own funds at the level necessary to meet its combined buffer 
requirement or, as appropriate, its Leverage Ratio buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount 
restriction would be applicable and the Issuer may be required to cancel interest payments on the Additional Tier 
1 Notes. The Issuer’s own funds requirements, including the Pillar 1 Requirement and the Pillar 2 Requirement, 
TLAC, MREL, the combined buffer requirement and the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement, are, by their nature, 
calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily 
observable or capable of calculation by investors. Investors in the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be able to 
assess or predict accurately the proximity of the risk of discretionary payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
being prohibited from time to time as a result of the operation of Article 141 or Article 141b of the CRD IV 
Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD and, if relevant, in other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the 
                                                     
13 Pro forma ratio including deduction of the ordinary share buyback (subject to supervisory and AGM approval) of Euro 179 million. Stated 
Leverage Ratio fully Loaded at 5.70 and stated Leverage Ratio transitional at 6.21.   
14 1Q21 TLAC transitional ratio 27.30 per cent. (o/w 24.80 per cent. TLAC subordination ratio and 2.5 per cent. senior preferred exemption) 
and MDA buffer of 775 bps. Current requirement 19.55 per cent. (assuming combined capital buffer as of 1Q21) with 2.50 per cent. senior 
exemption. Fully loaded requirement 21.55 per cent. (assuming combined capital buffer as of 1Q21) with 3.50 per cent. senior exemption.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
62 
Relevant Regulations. There can be no assurance that any of the own funds and MREL requirements, the combined 
buffer requirement or the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group will not be 
amended in the future to include new and more onerous requirements, which in turn may affect the Issuer’s 
capacity to make payments of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the own funds and MREL requirements, the combined buffer requirement or the 
Leverage Ratio buffer requirement applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher 
than the levels of own funds and/or eligible liabilities, as applicable, available to the Issuer and/or the Group at 
such point in time. Also, there can also be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB 
and whether this will impose any higher Pillar 2 Requirement on the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group. In 
addition, the measures put in place by the ECB to address concerns relating to the economic effects of COVID-
19 are temporary in nature and are expected to expire.  
These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine how the Maximum 
Distributable Amount will apply as a practical matter to limit interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
the reinstatement of the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down, and 
the ability of the Issuer to redeem and purchase the Additional Tier 1 Notes. This uncertainty and the resulting 
complexity may adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
1.4.7 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances, such 
interest may be cancelled and not paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date; the Issuer may be 
required to reduce the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes to absorb losses 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Additional Tier 1 Notes may appear, on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and in other trading systems with accrued interest. If this occurs, 
purchasers of Additional Tier 1 Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that reflects such accrued interest 
upon purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. However, if a payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date is 
cancelled (in whole or in part) as described herein and thus is not due and payable, purchasers of such Additional 
Tier 1 Notes will not be entitled to that interest payment (or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, 
but not all, of such interest payment, the portion of such interest payment not paid) on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. This may affect the value of any investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt accrued interest will also be cancelled following a Write-Down as described below.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention and 
purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital under the CRD IV both at the level of the Issuer and at the 
level of the UniCredit Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied. One of these 
relates to the ability of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any 
losses of the Issuer. Accordingly, under the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, if at any time the 
Issuer’s or the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio falls below 5.125 per cent. or the then 
minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 instruments specified in the 
Relevant Regulations (excluding any guidelines or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group (a Contingency Event), the Issuer shall reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes by the Write-Down Amount, pro rata with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
taking into account the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments. See Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
Although Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes permits the Issuer in its full discretion to reinstate Written-Down principal amounts up to a maximum of 
the Initial Principal Amount if certain conditions (further described therein) are met, the Issuer is under no 
obligation to do so. Moreover, the Issuer will only have the option to Write-Up the principal amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes if, at a time when the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less 
than their Initial Principal Amount, both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are 
recorded, and if the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated 
together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in 
Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) 
under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any provision of Italian law transposing or implementing Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s), as amended or replaced)) would not be 
exceeded as a result of the Write-Up.

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
63 
No assurance can be given that these conditions will ever be met, or that the Issuer will ever Write-Up the principal 
amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down. Furthermore, any Write-Up must be undertaken 
on a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 
8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in the 
circumstances then existing.  
During the period of any Write-Down pursuant to Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal 
Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, interest will accrue (subject in certain 
circumstances to the Maximum Distributable Amount, as further set out below) on the Prevailing Principal 
Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, which shall be lower than the Initial Principal Amount unless and until 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes are subsequently Written-Up in full. Furthermore, in the event that a Write-Down 
occurs during an Interest Period, any interest accrued but not yet paid up to the occurrence of such Write-Down 
will be cancelled. See generally Condition 7.4 (Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write Down) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.  
Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment as a result of a Write Down. If any judgment is rendered by 
any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason prior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes being written-up in full pursuant to Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, Noteholders’ claims 
for principal and interest will be based on the reduced Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
In addition, in certain circumstances the Maximum Distributable Amount will impose a cap on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes, on the Issuer’s ability to reinstate the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down and on its ability to redeem or repurchase Additional Tier 
1 Notes. See generally “If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount 
will apply which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain 
circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest 
payments”. 
The market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the Issuer’s and the 
UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. Any indication that the Issuer’s or the UniCredit Group’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event may have 
an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event that the relevant resolution authority utilises the general bail-in tool, this could materially adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Additional Tier 1 Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition to the general bail-in 
tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert 
into equity capital instruments such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes at the point of non-viability and before any 
other resolution action is taken. Any shares issued to holders of subordinated notes (such as the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. 
See generally “– The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the 
occurrence of the exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital instruments 
write-down and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
which provide for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or may be subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD”. 
The calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios will be affected by a number of factors, many of 
which may be outside the Issuer’s control. 
The occurrence of a Contingency Event, which would result in a Write-Down of the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (and the cancellation of interest accrued not yet paid up to the occurrence of the 
Write-Down) or the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, is inherently unpredictable and depends on 
a number of factors, many of which may be outside the Issuer’s control. Also, whether a Contingency Event has 
occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer and the Competent Authority. Because the Competent 
Authority may require Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios to be calculated as of any date (which calculation 
shall be binding on the Noteholders), a Contingency Event could occur at any time. The calculation of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios of the Issuer or of the UniCredit Group could be affected by a wide range 
of factors, including, among other things, factors affecting the level of the Issuer’s earnings or dividend payments,

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
64 
the mix of its businesses, its ability to effectively manage the risk-weighted assets in its ongoing businesses, losses 
in the context of its banking activities or other businesses, changes in the UniCredit Group’s structure or 
organisation. The calculation of the ratios also may be affected by changes in the applicable laws and regulations 
or applicable accounting rules and the manner in which accounting policies are applied, including the manner in 
which permitted discretion under the applicable accounting rules is exercised. 
Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not necessarily follow the trading 
behaviour of other types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
of the Issuer or of the UniCredit Group is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event or a 
breach of the combined buffer requirement may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Additional Tier 1 Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to more conventional investments. 
Changes to the calculation of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and/or Risk Weighted Assets may negatively affect 
the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. 
In addition, regulatory initiatives may impact the calculation of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s Risk Weighted 
Assets, being the denominator of the Issuer’s and the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, 
respectively. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of the 
standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of 
minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called 
"output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, 
when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main 
purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market 
risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was 
completed in December 2017. The implementation of this new risk assessment framework, which should have 
originally occured on 1 January 2022 (with transitional arrangement for phasing in the aggregate output floor), 
has been postponed – due to COVID-19 outbreak – by the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (GHOS) to 1 January 2023. The EU is expected to implement these standards by way of new changes 
to the CRR (CRR III) which are expected to be proposed by end of 2020/beginning of 2021. It will impact the 
calculation of the Issuer’s or the UniCredit Group’s Risk Weighted Assets and, consequently, the Issuer or the 
UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. 
Any changes that may occur in the application to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group of the CRD IV rules, the 
loss absorbency requirements under the BRRD (including MREL) or the FSB’s TLAC proposals subsequent to 
the date of this Base Prospectus and/or any subsequent changes to such rules and other variables may individually 
and/or in the aggregate negatively affect the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
and thus increase the risk of a Contingency Event, which will lead to Write-Down, and a breach of the combined 
buffer requirement, as a result of which Noteholders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
1.4.8 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt which may rank pari passu with or senior to 
the Additional Tier 1 Note 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may 
issue that ranks senior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari 
passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by investors upon the Issuer's bankruptcy. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders 
could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including cancellation of interest and reduction of 
principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer 
loss of their entire investment. 
1.4.9 
No scheduled redemption – early redemption and purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be 
restricted 
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Additional Tier Notes at any time before the date on which 
voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, and the Noteholders have 
no right to call for their redemption.

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
65 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10.15 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes) redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in whole, but not in part, on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at their Prevailing Principal Amount, plus any accrued interest and any additional amounts due 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation), as described in Condition 10.2 (No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in 
whole, but not in part, following the occurrence of a Capital Event and in whole, or in part, following the 
occurrence of a Tax Event (each as defined herein) at their Prevailing Principal Amount, plus, in each case, if 
relevant, any accrued interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) as described 
in Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
The intention of UniCredit is for Additional Tier 1 Notes to qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 1 Capital" 
for regulatory capital purposes.  
Although it is UniCredit’s expectation that the Additional Tier 1 Notes qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 
1 Capital", there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes that would 
be likely to result in their exclusion from "Additional Tier 1 Capital" and, in respect of any redemption of 
the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, 
both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be 
reasonably certain and (ii) UniCredit demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by 
UniCredit as at the date of the issue of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes, UniCredit will (if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes, subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority and in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation 
or, if different, the then applicable Relevant Regulations. There can be no assurance that holders of such 
Additional Tier 1 Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be.  
Any early redemption or purchase of Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior permission 
to redeem or purchase the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (in each case to the extent, and in the manner, 
required by the then Relevant Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, as 
amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum requirements 
(including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Relevant Regulations by a margin 
that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and  
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRD IV 
Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the applicable tax 
treatment of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date; or

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
66 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
call)), a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be classified from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market marketing purposes. 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the Relevant Regulations. 
In addition, any proposed redemption of Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date 
shall (i) in the case of a Capital Event, be restricted as set out above under “Regulatory Classification of the Notes” 
and (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, be limited to circumstances in which the change or amendment giving rise to 
the Tax Event is, to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority, material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit any redemption or purchase of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. See also “No scheduled redemption” above. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to 
exercise any option to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes early or at any time. Holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for an 
indefinite period.  
1.4.10 Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If (i) at any time, a Capital Event occurs for any Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes for any Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes, then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent 
Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Additional Tier 1 Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of a Series of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
securities. 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes. However, no assurance can be 
given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
1.5 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
1.5.1 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal 
amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or to other 
factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable 
in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
67 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(e) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains some 
other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable will 
likely be magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in the light of its particular circumstances. 
1.5.2 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent 
instalment of the issue price could lose all of its investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of its investment. 
1.5.3 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
1.5.4 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Notes are typically more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
1.6 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
1.6.1 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes, each Noteholder unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction 
or otherwise, in respect of such Note.  
1.6.2 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
68 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and 
each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes.  
1.6.3 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including, without limitation, LIBOR and 
EURIBOR), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-
EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, including, without 
limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR and/or EURIBOR or any Reset Notes 
referencing the relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Notes), in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a 
statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on 
which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such 
LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published 
a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, 
following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). 
Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR 
tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 
for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 
6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to 
consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed 
methodology for a further period after end of 2021 (end of June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The 
FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the 
case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
69 
the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease 
permanently at the end of 2022. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guidelines principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that 
the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. 
It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR 
submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forward. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently 
than it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Other interbank offered 
rates such as EURIBOR (together with LIBOR, IBORs) suffer from similar weaknesses to LIBOR and as a 
result (although no deadline has been set for their discontinuation), they may be discontinued or be subject 
to changes in their administration.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicated, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
Investors should be aware that, if an IBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes (each an 
Original Reference Rate) were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes which reference such Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes, as indicated in the “Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”. Such provisions could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any relevant Notes referring the relevant Original 
Reference Rate. 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as 
Secured Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR), as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar bonds, 
as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, 
including term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SOFR rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk 
free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Interest on Notes which 
reference a risk free rate can be capable of being determined only immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rates to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 11 (Events of default) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
under Condition 13 (Events of default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, the Rate of 
Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference 
rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. Investors

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
70 
should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate 
Notes. 
The “Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes”, as the case may be, provide for certain arrangements in the event that a published Original Reference 
Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a Successor Reference Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Reference Rate determined by an 
Independent Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment Spread. The application 
of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the 
relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would 
do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment 
Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used 
to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last used for the relevant 
Notes. 
In the case of Notes not linked to SOFR, if Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined or, in the case of Reset Notes, Reset Reference 
Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate (as 
defined in the Conditions) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then: (i) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours: 
(A) to determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer cannot 
determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any), appoint an Independent Adviser 
to determine an Alternative Reference Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or 
Reset Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date); (ii) if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate and the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread 
(if any) no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period (the Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date). No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant changes 
pursuant to the terms and conditions, including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other 
steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes 
(as applicable). 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, if Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and 
the relevant SOFR Index Cessation Date (as defined in the Conditions) have both occurred, when a Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined, then: (i) the Benchmark 
Replacement shall be the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the SOFR by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the SOFR (which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or spreads) ; or (ii) if no such rate has 
been recommended within one Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement shall be the ISDA Fallback Rate (which rate may include any adjustments or spreads that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark Replacement); or (iii) if the replacement rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the previous paragraph, then the Benchmark Replacement shall be the 
alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current rate for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor that gives due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
71 
a replacement for the then-current Original Reference Rate for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes 
at such time (which rate may include any adjustments or spreads). No consent of the Noteholders shall be 
required in connection with effecting any relevant changes pursuant to the terms and conditions, including 
for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Trust 
Deed or the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as applicable). 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines 
that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes” or the “Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes”, as the case may be, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law 
Notes and the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with 
any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the 
competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and by Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. 
1.6.4 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Interest Notes where the amount of interest is dependent upon the level of 
an inflation/consumer price index or indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest. In addition, the movements in the level of the 
inflation/consumer price index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index 
or indices may affect the actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event provisions. 
Relevant events may relate to an inflation/consumer price index publication being delayed or ceasing or such 
index being rebased or modified. If the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has occurred this may 
delay valuations under and/or settlements in respect of the Notes and consequently adversely affect the value of 
the Notes. Any such adjustments may be by reference to a Related Bond if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition certain extraordinary or disruption events may lead to early termination of the Notes which may have 
an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Whether and how such provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be 
ascertained by reading the Inflation Linked Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference 
to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation/consumer price index or the indices 
or interest payable will be magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the Notes are linked 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. Any movement in the level of 
the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes (if applicable). 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of inflation 
comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Notes, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments are linked is only one measure of inflation for 
the relevant jurisdiction or area, and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced 
by Noteholders in such jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
maturity date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices. The 
level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices may be affected by the economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions or areas.

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
72 
1.6.5 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
1.6.6 
Risks related to Singapore taxation 
Notes issued in Singapore dollars to be issued from time to time under the Programme, during the period 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to 31 December 2023, are intended to be, where applicable, "qualifying 
debt securities" for the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ITA), subject to the 
fulfilment of certain conditions as further described under "Taxation in Singapore". However, there is no 
assurance that such Notes will continue to enjoy the tax concessions in connection therewith under the ITA 
should the relevant tax laws be amended or revoked at any time, which amendment or revocation may be 
prospective or retroactive. 
1.6.7 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Italian laws or 
administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, save that subordination provisions applicable to Subordinated Notes and the contractual 
recognition of statutory Bail-in Powers are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Italian Law Notes are based on Italian law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law or to Italian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
1.6.8 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 20.1 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations 
arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
Law. The Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes provide that all contractual and non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes are 
governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by 
English law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN 
or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered to Citibank N.A., London Branch as initial Principal Paying Agent, being 
the entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes 
and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the 
Italian Law Notes would be deemed to be issued in England and according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law 
No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that “other debt 
securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued”. 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws 
applicable to the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the Global Notes and the laws

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors 
73 
applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any 
disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes. 
1.6.9 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable 
assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described as 
"green bonds" (Green Bonds), "social bonds" (Social Bonds), "sustainability bonds" (Sustainability 
Bonds) in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines (SBG)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other 
investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of 
their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that 
the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, as the 
case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst 
others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the EU Taxonomy Regulation) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for 
climate change mitigation and adaption (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) 
adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that there 
is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes 
are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other 
equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation has been recently enacted and the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts was published in agreed form between EU Member States on 21 April 
2021. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through the formal adoption of the Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, which is 
expected to take place by the second quarter of 2021. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any green or social or sustainable project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the 
Notes are to be applied will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or 
"sustainable"(or other equivalently labelled) performance objectives (including those set out under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and the Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) or that any adverse social, green, 
sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or 
sustainable project. Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market 
conventions in the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal 
frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the 
ICMA’s Green Bond Principles and/or the ICMA’s Social Bonds Principles and/or the ICMA’s Sustainable 
Bonds Guidelines and/or the EU framework standard. Such changes may have a negative impact on the 
market value and the liquidity of any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond issued prior to their 
implementation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm 
to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, 
as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, 
social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion 
regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, 
sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a Second-party Opinion). A Second-party 
Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced 
toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors 
74 
it is released. In addition, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any Second-party Opinion, which may or may not be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond and in particular with any eligible 
projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such Second-party 
Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green or social or sustainable assets. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such Second-party Opinion attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, 
and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In the event that any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond are listed or admitted to trading on 
any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and 
that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be 
totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, social or 
sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply 
with their reporting obligations or to obtain any assessment, opinion or certification, including the Second-
party Opinion in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not (i) give rise to any 
claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead 
to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification 
of such Notes as Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes, Additional Tier 1 Notes or 
as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); or (v) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power. Neither 
the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such 
proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other 
assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant 
project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which 
proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable 
projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities. Among the risks applicable to the Issuer’s Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a 
resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the UniCredit Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital, 
even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met, in which cases the fact 
that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not provide their

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors 
75 
holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor are the risks related to their level of subordination 
affected. 
1.7 
Risks relating to Renminbi Notes 
1.7.1 
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance 
of the Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC 
Government) continues to regulate conversion between the Renminbi and foreign currencies. 
Although since 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by 
the IMF and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign 
currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to liberalise the control over 
cross-border Renminbi remittances in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border liberalisation 
will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations, or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting 
(as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital accounts items, 
then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (the Renminbi Notes). 
1.7.2 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi 
Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent that the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the 
offshore market to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to source such Renminbi 
on satisfactory terms, if at all. If the Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the 
conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Issuer can make payments under the Renminbi Notes in U.S. Dollars 
or such other currency as specified in the applicable final terms or pricing supplement of the Notes (as the case 
may be). 
1.7.3 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. 
All payments of interest and principal will be made with respect to the Renminbi Notes in Renminbi unless 
otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms (or in terms of other 
applicable foreign currencies) may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the market place. If the value of 
Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of the investment in U.S. dollar 
or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. In addition, there may be tax consequences for investors 
as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting from any investment in Renminbi Notes. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Issuer is unable, or it is 
impractical for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to make 
payment in U.S. dollars or such other currency as specified in the applicable final terms or pricing supplement of 
the Notes (as the case may be) at the prevailing Spot Rate (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) for the 
relevant Determination Date (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), all as provided in more detail in the 
Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of a holder's investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will decline.

--- Page 76 ---
Risk Factors 
76 
1.7.4 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange 
controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. The Renminbi Notes may carry 
a fixed interest rate. Consequently, the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in interest 
rates. If a holder of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an 
offer that is less than the amount invested. 
1.7.5 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to risk of change in the regulatory regime governing the 
issuance of Renminbi Notes  
Renminbi Notes issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). There can be no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to 
encourage issuance of RMB-denominated debt instruments outside of mainland China and any change in the 
Chinese government’s policy or the regulatory regime governing the issuance of RMB-denominated debt 
instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi Notes. 
1.7.6 
Payments in respect of the Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the RMB Settlement Centre(s). All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of the Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Notes are represented by Global Notes 
held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and 
procedures, or (ii) for so long as the Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than 
described in the Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means 
(including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
1.7.7 
PRC Taxation 
Prospective purchasers or holders of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the overall 
PRC tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes, including the effect of any state or 
local taxes, under the tax laws of the PRC.  
1.8 
Risks related to the market generally  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
1.8.1 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third

--- Page 77 ---
Risk Factors 
77 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
1.8.2 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer 
be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to 
their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
1.8.3 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.

--- Page 78 ---
Risk Factors 
78 
1.8.4 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
Important Information 
79 
Important Information 
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under 
the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). When 
used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates or the Trustee and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers 
or by any of their respective affiliates or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or of any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. No Dealer or any of their respective affiliates or the Trustee accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data as well as calculations taken from 
industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It 
is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, 
such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
Commercial publications generally state that the information they contain originates from sources assumed 
to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed, and that the 
calculations contained therein are based on a series of assumptions. External data have not been 
independently verified by the Issuer. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or with 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers 
or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement;

--- Page 80 ---
Important Information 
80 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a 
financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the likelihood of cancellation of Interest Amounts or a Write Down in the case of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes or the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the 
Republic of Italy. Furthermore, the Notes will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any 
legislation that is or will be passed to address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including 
government guarantees or similar measures. A wide range of Notes may be issued under the 
Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks for potential 
investors. For a description of the most common such features, distinguishing between factors which 
may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt 
Notes, please see section headed “Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with notes issued under the Programme” in the Risk Factors section. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuer or the Trustee makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able 
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers and the 
Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life 
of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors 
1. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes discussed in this document are complex financial instruments. They are not 
a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, 
regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer 
or sale of securities such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Potential investors in the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance 
with respect to any resale of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 81 ---
Important Information 
81 
2. 
a) In the United Kingdom (UK), the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS) requires, in summary, that the Securities should not be offered or sold to retail 
clients (as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a retail client) in the UK.  
b)  Each Dealer is required to comply with COBS. 
c) By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or a 
beneficial interest in such Additional Tier 1 Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, each prospective 
investor represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
i) it is not a retail client in the UK; and  
ii) it will not sell or offer the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail 
clients in the UK or communicate (including the distribution of the Base Prospectus) or approve 
an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or 
disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the UK. 
d) In selling or offering the Additional Tier 1 Notes or making or approving communications relating to 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes you may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS. 
3.   
The obligations in paragraph 2 above are in addition to the need to comply at all times with all other 
applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the European Economic 
Area (EEA) or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned in the Base 
Prospectus, including (without limitation) any requirements under the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) or the UK FCA Handbook as to determining the 
appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein) for investors in any relevant jurisdiction.  
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an 
offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the 
Dealers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding 
upon both the agent and its underlying client 
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the HKMA) circular – In October 2018, the HKMA 
issued a circular regarding enhanced investor protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments 
with loss-absorption features and related products (the HKMA Circular). Under the HKMA Circular, debt 
instruments with loss-absorption features, being subject to the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary 
shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance of 
such instruments (together, Loss-Absorption Products), are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary legislation, 
Professional Investors) only. All Additional Tier 1 Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme contain 
loss-absorption features and may be considered Loss-Absorption Products under the HKMA Circular. Investors 
in Hong Kong should not purchase such Notes with loss-absorption features unless they are Professional 
Investors and understand the risks involved. Such Notes are generally not suitable for retail investors in 
Hong Kong in either the primary or the secondary markets.  
Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Additional Tier 1 Notes in the primary or secondary 
markets unless they are professional investors (as defined in the SFO and its subsidiary legislation) only 
and understand the risks involved. The Additional Tier 1 Notes are generally not suitable for retail 
investors.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined

--- Page 82 ---
Important Information 
82 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by PRIIPs 
Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 83 ---
Important Information 
83 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SENIOR OR 
SUBORDINATED NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States  
Certain Tranches of Senior or Subordinated Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer. This Base 
Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Senior or Subordinated Notes in 
Luxembourg and in the following States where the Issuer has passported this Base Prospectus to: the Republic of 
Italy, the Federal Republic of Germany and Austria, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified 
Member State a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and together the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person 
making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Senior or Subordinated Notes on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and provided that such 
person complies with the conditions specified in or attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any Non-exempt Offer of Senior or Subordinated Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall not be offered in the context of a Non-
exempt Offer. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealer(s) and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Dealer(s) or the Trustee (where relevant) which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes 
in the United States, Japan, Hong Kong, the People's Republic of China, Australia, Taiwan, the EEA 
(including, for these purposes, the Republic of Italy, France, the Federal Republic of Germany and Austria) 
and the United Kingdom. See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes 
are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for clearance to the Autorité des Marchés financiers in France.

--- Page 84 ---
Suitability of Investment 
84 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
I. 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
II. 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
III. 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
IV. 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
V. 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These forward 
looking statements are contained in the section entitled “Risk Factors” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of their management with respect to 
future events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and 
projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one 
or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise 
identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or 
inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in the Issuer’s jurisdiction and the wider region in which the Issuer 
operates; 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments it 
is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects;

--- Page 85 ---
Suitability of Investment 
85 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate; and 
• 
actions taken by the Issuer’s joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its policies and 
objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities 
approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
This Base Prospectus may be distributed on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
“qualified institutional buyers” (QIBs) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) 
or Institutional Accredited Investors (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”) for informational use solely in 
connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose 
in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be 
distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally 
submitted. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A 
or any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and 
sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers 
of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144A. 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter 
(as defined under “Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes”). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or of any Notes issued in registered form 
in exchange or substitution therefor (together, the Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase 
of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale 
or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless 
otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes”.  
Available Information 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of English Law Notes that 
are “restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in a deed poll dated 
7 June 2021 (the Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or of any beneficial interest 
therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered 
under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding 
as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144A(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a 
reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 86 ---
Suitability of Investment 
86 
Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of the Republic of Italy. All of the officers and directors 
named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and of such 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process outside the Republic of Italy upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments 
against them obtained in courts outside the Republic of Italy predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer or of 
such directors and officers under laws other than Italian law, including any judgment predicated upon United 
States federal securities laws. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2018 respectively (together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer’s financial years end on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
either to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year or as of 31 December of such year, as applicable. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.  
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA 2006 Definitions, the ISDA 2003 
Credit Derivatives Definitions or the ISDA 2009 Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction 
Settlement and Restructuring Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions published on 14 July 
2009, as applicable. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
to Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
Canadian Dollars and C$ refer to the currency of Canada;  
• 
euro, Euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
• 
Renminbi, RMB and CNY refers to the currency of the People's Republic of China. All references to 
the PRC are to the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
• 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 87 ---
Responsibility Statement, Third Party Information and Experts’ Reports 
87 
Responsibility Statement, Third Party Information and Experts’ 
Reports  
1. 
Persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
UniCredit S.p.A. as Issuer (the Responsible Person), having its registered, head office and principal centre 
of business, at Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A, 20154 Milan, Italy, accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
2. 
Responsibility Declaration 
To the best of the knowledge of the Responsible Person, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omissions likely to affect its import. 
3. 
Third party information 
No third party information is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the rating information set out in 
the section headed “Credit Ratings” in the “Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group” of this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer declares that such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The sources of such 
information are the following rating agency: Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited – Sede Secondaria Italiana 
(Fitch), by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) and by S&P Global Ratings (S&P). 
4. 
Experts’ reports 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the reports 
of the auditors of the Issuer who have audited the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and 
the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
and who have carried out the limited review of the consolidated first half financial report of UniCredit ended on 
30 June 2020. 
For further information please see the section headed “External Auditors” in the “General Information” of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 88 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
88 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Senior or Subordinated Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility in each 
of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions for the content of this Base Prospectus under Article 6 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) who acquires any Senior or Subordinated Notes in a Non-
exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the 
Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of 
consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set 
out under “Consent” and “Common Conditions to Consent” below.   
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror with 
any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation 
to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of 
that Authorised Offeror.   
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and 
the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-
exempt Offer of Senior or Subordinated Notes. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is 
unauthorised and none of the Issuer and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or 
liability in relation to such offer for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Senior or Subordinated Notes by a person which 
is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs(a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the Authorised 
Offerors and each an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Senior or Subordinated Notes and subject to the conditions set out below 
under “Common Conditions to Consent”: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Senior or Subordinated Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the Issuer's website (www.unicreditgroup.eu) and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as 
“Applicable”, the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Senior or Subordinated Notes by any 
financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed) (the Acceptance Statement):

--- Page 89 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
89 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Senior or 
Subordinated Notes] (the Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by 
UniCredit S.p.A. (the Issuer). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify relevant State(s)] 
during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base 
Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified 
in the Base Prospectus), and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly.” 
The consent referred to above relates to Non-exempt offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules) from time to time 
including, without limitation, and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or 
suitability of any investment in the Senior or Subordinated Notes by any person and disclosure to 
any potential Investor; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a Dealer and consider the relevant 
manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II 
product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(III) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid 
by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Senior or Subordinated 
Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly 
disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(IV) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Senior or Subordinated Notes under the Rules; 
(V) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your 
client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such 
Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment 
in any Senior or Subordinated Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application for 
Senior or Subordinated Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicions as to the source of the application moneys; 
(VI) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the rules, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know 
your client” Rules applying to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(VII) immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware, or suspects, 
that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation 
and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(VIII) ensure that no holder of Senior or Subordinated Notes or potential Investor in Senior or 
Subordinated Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client 
obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then 
such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising;

--- Page 90 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
90 
(IX) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information (including, 
without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (I) above) and such 
further assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame 
set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information is 
information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Senior 
or Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer 
relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in 
relation to the Senior or Subordinated Notes and/or to allow the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements;  
(X) 
during the primary distribution period of the Senior or Subordinated Notes: (i) only sell the Senior 
or Subordinated Notes at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Senior or Subordinated Notes for settlement on 
the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions 
or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Senior or Subordinated 
Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with such other rules of 
conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; 
(XI) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Senior or 
Subordinated Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) 
makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) 
receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Senior or 
Subordinated Notes on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as 
is required by any applicable Rules; 
(XII) ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any 
Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(XIII) comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common Conditions to Consent” 
below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-
exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(XIV) make available to each potential Investor in the Senior or Subordinated Notes this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish 
any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus; and 
(XV) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of 
the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure 
that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) 
states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the 
Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and 
(C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), 
use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or 
logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Senior 
or Subordinated Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 91 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
91 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of its respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a Relevant Party) incurs 
any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs 
of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any 
such investigation or defence) (a Loss) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach 
of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant financial 
intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it 
of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall 
pay to the Issuer, or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Loss. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant 
Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid 
to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon acceptance 
by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its 
consent in connection with the relevant Exempt Offer (the Authorised Offeror Contract), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law if the applicable 
Senior or Subordinated Notes are English Law Notes, or Italian law if the applicable Senior or 
Subordinated Notes are Italian Law Notes; 
(II) 
subject to paragraph (IV) below, the English courts if the applicable Senior or Subordinated Notes 
are English Law Notes, or Italian courts if the applicable Senior or Subordinated Notes are Italian 
Law Notes, have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a Dispute) and the Issuer 
and the relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts 
or Italian courts, as appropriate; 
(III) 
for the purposes of paragraphs (II) above and (IV) below, the Issuer and the relevant financial 
intermediary waive any objection to the English courts if the applicable Senior or Subordinated 
Notes are English Law Notes, or Italian courts if the applicable Senior or Subordinated Notes are 
Italian Law Notes, on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any dispute; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above and who meets the other conditions stated in 
“Common Conditions to Consent” below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a 
Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the 
Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) above if Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
I. 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
II. 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Senior or Subordinated Notes in the Republic of Italy, Luxembourg, the Federal Republic of Germany 
and Austria as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
92 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Each Tranche of Senior or Subordinated Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in 
each Relevant Member State specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SENIOR OR SUBORDINATED 
NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND 
OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH SENIOR OR SUBORDINATED NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER 
ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER 
WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE SENIOR OR SUBORDINATED 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS 
WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE 
OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 93 ---
Stabilisation 
93 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, will be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 94 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
94 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
• 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 
2020, pages 148 to 205 (inclusive), available at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2020/UniCredit_EMTN_2020_-_Base_Prospectus_pub.pdf, as 
subsequently supplemented by Appendix 3 of the Third Supplement dated 5 January 2021, pages 114 
to 178 (inclusive), available at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/funding-
programs/EMTN/2020/UC_Third_Supplement_20-21_pub.pdf, prepared by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 
2020, pages 206 to 267 (inclusive), available at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2020/UniCredit_EMTN_2020_-_Base_Prospectus_pub.pdf, as 
subsequently supplemented by Appendix 4 of the Third Supplement dated 5 January 2021, pages 179 
to 250 (inclusive), available at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-
eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-ratings/funding-
programs/EMTN/2020/UC_Third_Supplement_20-21_pub.pdf, prepared by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme; 
• 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 of UniCredit (the 2020 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts) available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/financial-
reports/2020/4Q20/2020-Annual-Report-and-Accounts.pdf, including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers15 
Consolidated Report and Accounts of UniCredit Group: 
 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
45-87 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
107 
Consolidated Income Statement 
108 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
109 
Statement of Changes in the Consolidated Shareholders' Equity 
110-111 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
112-113 
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts 
115-421 
Certification 
423 
Report of External Auditors 
425-436 
Annexes 
439-501 
Non-Consolidated Report and Accounts of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
                                                     
15Please note that references to the page numbers are made with respect to the page numbers of the PDF document

--- Page 95 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
95 
Report on operations 
511-533 
Balance Sheet 
537 
Income Statement 
538 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
539 
Statement of Changes in the Shareholders' Equity 
540-541 
Cash Flow Statement 
542-543 
Notes to the Accounts 
545-703 
Certification 
705 
Report of External Auditors 
735-743 
Annexes 
747-755 
• 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 of UniCredit (the 2019 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts) available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/financial-
reports/2019/4Q19/2019-Annual-Report-and-Accounts.pdf, including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers16 
Consolidated Report and Accounts of UniCredit Group: 
 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
31-73 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
93 
Consolidated Income Statement 
95 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
95 
Statement of Changes in the Consolidated Shareholders' Equity 
96-97 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
98-99 
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts 
101-402 
Certification 
405 
Report of External Auditors 
407-417 
Annexes 
419-4775 
Non-Consolidated Report and Accounts of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
Report on operations 
487-509 
Balance Sheet 
513 
                                                     
16 Please note that references to the page numbers are made with respect to the page numbers of the PDF document.

--- Page 96 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
96 
Income Statement 
514 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
515 
Statement of Changes in the Shareholders' Equity 
516-517 
Cash Flow Statement 
518-519 
Notes to the Accounts 
521-687 
Certification 
689 
Report of External Auditors 
717-727 
Annexes 
731-739 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 – Press 
Release dated 6 May 2021 of UniCredit (the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as 
at 
31 
March 
2021 
– 
Press 
Release) 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/press-and-media/price-
sensitive/2020/UniCredit_PR_1Q21_ENG.pdf including the information set out at the following pages 
in particular: 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Income Statement 
21 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Balance Sheet 
22 
Other UniCredit Group Tables (Shareholders’ Equity, Staff and Branches, 
Ratings, Sovereign Debt Securities – Breakdown by Country/Portfolio, 
Weighted Duration, Breakdown of Sovereign Debt Securities by Portfolio, 
Sovereign Loans – Breakdown by Country) 
23-27 
Basis for Preparation 
27-31 
Declaration by the manager charged with preparing the financial reports 
32 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2020 – Press 
Release dated 6 May 2020 of UniCredit (the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as 
at 
31 
March 
2020 
– 
Press 
Release) 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/press-and-media/price-
sensitive/2020/UniCredit_PR_1Q20_ENG.pdf, including the information set out at the following pages 
in particular: 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Income Statement 
17-18 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Balance Sheet 
18 
Other UniCredit Group Tables (Shareholders’ Equity, Staff and Branches, 
Ratings, Sovereign Debt Securities – Breakdown by Country/Portfolio, 
Weighted Duration, Breakdown of Sovereign Debt Securities by Portfolio, 
Sovereign Loans – Breakdown by Country) 
19-22 
Basis for Preparation 
23-24

--- Page 97 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
97 
Declaration by the manager charged with preparing the financial reports 
25 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts 
not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
Form of the Notes 
98 
Form of the Notes 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form, with or without Coupons attached, or, in the case of English 
Law Notes, registered form, without Coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued both outside 
the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United 
States in reliance on Rule 144A or another exemption under the Securities Act. 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global Note (a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note and, together with the Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
I. 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
II. 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications 
it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Bearer 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will 
not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled 
to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the

--- Page 99 ---
Form of the Notes 
99 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system, which is satisfactory to the Trustee in the case of English Law Notes, is available or (iii) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
REGISTERED NOTES (APPLICABLE TO ENGLISH LAW NOTES ONLY) 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Regulation 
S Global Note). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 1 (Series Number) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions (a) to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act (QIBs) or (b) to “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act), 
that are institutions (Institutional Accredited Investors) and who execute and deliver an IAI Investment Letter 
(as defined in the “Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes”) in which they agree to purchase the Notes 
for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold 
to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Note and, together with a 
Regulation S Global Note, the Registered Global Notes). No sale of Legended Notes (as defined under "U.S. 
Information" above) in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) principal amount.

--- Page 100 ---
Form of the Notes 
100 
Registered Global Notes will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC or (b) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of the nominee for the 
Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof (Definitive IAI Registered Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the 
applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. Institutional Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may elect to hold such 
Notes through DTC, but transferees acquiring the Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration 
pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the 
requirements applicable to such transfer as described under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”. The Rule 144A Global Note and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Payments 
in respect of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes) as the registered holder 
of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising, investigating, 
monitoring or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that either (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the 
Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system 
is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, or (iii) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor 
clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer will has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Registrar. 
TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to 
a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a Definitive IAI 
Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, 
be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered Global Note. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the

--- Page 101 ---
Form of the Notes 
101 
extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
GENERAL 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes (as defined under “Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes”) and pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”), the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point 
after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, 
CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error or as otherwise required by a court of competent jurisdiction or a public 
official authority) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note, and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such 
Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and such Notes 
except to the extent that in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, in the case of English Law Notes, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable 
period and the failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 102 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
102 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than 
€100,000 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN (1) NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A 
REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH 
ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS, AND (2) EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not (1) 
Notes to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access and (2) Exempt Notes and which 
have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]17 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]18 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
                                                     
17 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
18  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 103 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
103 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]19 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID 
II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]20 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]]21 
                                                     
19  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
20  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 market approach. 
21  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 104 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
104 
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be Qualifying Debt Securities for the purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.  
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any of the 
Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations in Singapore through 
a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to 
certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ITA), shall not apply if such person 
acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in 
Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost 
derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
[Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
[Please include the place of incorporation, registered office, registration number and form of the Issuer] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 
June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
during normal business hours at UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 Milan, Italy and has 
been published on the website of UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu, as well as on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at the address above. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 5 June 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2021. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower 
A 20154 Milan, Italy and has been published on the website of UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu as well as on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from 
the Issuer at the address above. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 105 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
105 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
[(b) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/ the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 27 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]] 
(delete this paragraph if Not Applicable) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made. Note that only English Law Notes can be issued 
in registered form) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 106 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
106 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]22]  
[The Maturity Date may need to be not less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ], then 
[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ]] 
 
[[     ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/CMS Reference Rate/SOFR] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]  
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Rate Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
100 per cent. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 and 15 
below (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs)  
(i) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and with Condition 17 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date) 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
                                                     
22 
Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary  
to use the second option here.

--- Page 107 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
107 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [19][, 20] [and][21]below] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
(a) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes:  
[ ]]  
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] [specify other in case of 
different Rates of Interest in respect of different 
Interest Periods]. 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes, the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification, insert Modified Following Business 
Day Convention) 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes 
in definitive form)][/][[ ] per Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes (applicable to the Notes in 
global form)] [payable [[ ] in arrear] on [ ]/[each 
Interest Payment Date][, except for the amount of 
interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date 
falling on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed Coupon 
Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are represented 
by a global Note or are in definitive form.] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes 
in definitive form)][/][[ ] per Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes (applicable to the Notes in 
global form)][, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [   ].][This Broken Amount applies if

--- Page 108 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
108 
the Notes are represented by a global Note or are in 
definitive form]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]23[Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Method]624 
(g) 
Determination Date[s]: 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(j) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[●] 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
                                                     
23 
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
24  
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars.

--- Page 109 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
109 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]  
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(q) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [●] 
(t) 
Reset Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods 
each of [●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention] 
(b) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
(c) 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (e) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention subparagraph in (e) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] [ [  ] Business Days 
following each Interest Accrual Period End Date/As 
per Condition 6.3(b)(iii)(C)] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 110 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
110 
Reference Rate(s): 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/CMS Reference Rate/SOFR]]/[CMS Rate]] 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
 
(If CMS Rate is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Currency: 
Designated Maturity: 
Specified Time: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only relevant for 
CMS Rate) 
(i) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)/SOFR 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(Second London Business Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR or CAD-BA-CDOR and the second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR,  euro 
LIBOR or CMS Rate where the reference currency is 
euro) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of each 
interest Period]  
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second (specify type of 
day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of Compounded SOFR with Lookback, 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation 
Period Shift, set out the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to Interest Payment 
Date(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s)) 
(ii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX2 or any successor screen page] [insert 
other screen page]  
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions)  
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Not Applicable][Cap means [ ] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 111 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
111 
[Floor means [ ] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [ ] per cent.] 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback/Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift/Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay/Compounded SOFR 
Index with Observation Period Shift] (only relevant 
for SOFR) 
Observation Period: 
 [[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions] 
(only relevant for SOFR) 
SOFR IndexStart and SOFR IndexEnd 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days: 
[SOFR IndexStart: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant 
for SOFR) 
[SOFR IndexEnd: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant 
for SOFR) 
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(Not less than Five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days without consent of Calculation Agent) 
D: 
[365/360/[  ]] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period. In the case of a 
CMS Linked Interest Note, if based on euro then the 
first day of each Interest Period and if otherwise to be 
checked.) 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(l) 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
CMS Rate 1: 
[               ] 
Manner in which CMS Rate 1 is to 
be determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
CMS Rate 2: 
[               ]

--- Page 112 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
112 
Manner in which CMS Rate 2 is to 
be determined: 
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
(m) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(n) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)]25 
(q) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - 
Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index Unrevised 
(CPI)/ Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer 
Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP)] 
(Give or annex details of index/indices) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [CPI/HICP] which is provided by []. 
[As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[CPI/HICP] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation.]] 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[     ]  
(c) 
Index Factor: 
[     ] [Specify the relevant Index Factor] [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (which shall not be the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent  
                                                     
25 
Actual/365(Fixed) is applicable to Renminbi and Canadian Dollars denominated Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
113 
(e) 
Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(f) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[   ] 
(g) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(h) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 7.8 (Payment Day) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9.7 (Payment Day) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.) 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Margin: 
[[insert Margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Commencement 
Date 
of 
the 
Inflation Index: 
[    ][Specify the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index]  
(o) 
Reference Month: 
[    ] 
(p) 
Reference Bond: 
[    ] 
(q) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ] 
(r) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(s) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify other] 
(t) 
End Date: 
[     ] 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable)

--- Page 114 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
114 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None]  
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[     ]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and for Condition 10.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and 
Condition 8.5 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and Condition 
10.6 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes 
only, subject to the prior approval of 
the relevant Competent Authority, 
as applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount][[Make-whole 
Amount]] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected Bond]

--- Page 115 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
115 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(g) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of 
English Law Notes, the Trustee.)  
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
21. 
Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Please consider that not less than the minimum 
period nor more than maximum period (each as 
specified in paragraph 18 above) of notice has to be 
sent to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of 
English Law Notes, the Trustee and, in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and with 
Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes, the Noteholders) 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ]/[[100 per cent.] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption: 
(i) 
for taxation reasons (subject to  
[insert in the case of Senior 
Notes][Condition 8.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes] in [insert in the case of 
Subordinated 
Notes][Condition 
8.14 of the Terms and Conditions 
[ ] [per Calculation Amount/As per Condition] [[8.6] 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes/[10.7] (Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes] 
[See also paragraph 20 above)] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Subordinated Notes 
and the Regulatory Call is applicable)  
[See also paragraph 21 (Issuer Call due to MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event) above] (Delete this

--- Page 116 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
116 
for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.15 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes (including the prior approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations)]) 
as contemplated by Condition 8.2 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
10.3 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes;  
(ii) 
[insert in case of Subordinated 
Notes][for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(subject to Condition 8.14 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
10.15 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes (including 
the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent Authority, as applicable, 
and in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations)) 
as contemplated by Condition 8.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
10.4 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes;] 
(iii) 
[insert in case of Senior Notes][for 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event (subject to Condition 8.15 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
10.16 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes) as 
contemplated by Condition 8.5 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
10.6 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes; or] 
(iv) 
on event of default (subject to[insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Senior 
Notes][Condition 8.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes] [insert in the case of 
Subordinated Notes][ Condition 
8.14 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and 
cross-reference unless the Notes are Senior Notes and 
the 
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL 
or 
TLAC 
Disqualification Event is applicable)

--- Page 117 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
117 
Condition 10.15 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes (including the prior approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations)]), 
and/or the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 8.6 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and Condition 
10.7 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian 
Law 
Notes 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts): 
24. 
Extendible Notes:  
(a) 
Initial Maturity Date:  
(b) 
Final Maturity Date: 
(c) 
Election Date(s):  
(d) 
Notice period: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Not less than [ ] nor more than [ ] days prior to the 
applicable Election Date]* 
25. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Spot Rate: 
(i) Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: [Reuters 
CNHFIX01]/[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) Relevant Valuation Time: [ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate: 
[][Not Applicable] 
26. 
Relevant Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
                                                     
*  
For any maturity extension at the option of the holder a minimum of 10 business days notice is required.

--- Page 118 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
118 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.26] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[ ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes (specify nominal amounts)] 
(Note that only English Law Notes can be issued in 
registered form) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which subparagraph 16(c) above relates) 
29. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
31. 
Governing law of the Conditions: 
[English Law]/[Italian Law] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third-party information,] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
 
                                                     
26 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 119 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
119 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 120 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
120 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market with effect from [    ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market with effect from [    ].] [Not 
Applicable.]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).]  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 121 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
121 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include 
making a profit] / [] 
[Further details on Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are included in the [UniCredit 
Sustainability Bond Framework], made available on 
the Issuer’s website in the investor relations sections 
at []] 
See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus. (If reasons for offer different from making 
profit or general corporate purposes (for example for 
a Green Bond, a Social Bond, or an issuance of a 
Sustainability Bond, will need to include those 
reasons here)) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, 
state amount and sources of other funding)  
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes Only)  
[Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CAD-BA-CDOR/CMS 
Reference 
Rate/SOFR/CPI/HICP] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(c) 
CUSIP:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
CINS:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
CFI: 
[[include code]27, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(f) 
FISN: 
[[include code]20, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
                                                     
27  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 122 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
122 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(g) 
[[specify other codes] 
[ ]] 
(h) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(i) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(j) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and addresses 
of Managers (specifying Lead 
Manager) 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)

--- Page 123 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
123 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription Agreement/ 
other agreement]: 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
Total commission and concession: 
[             ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(viii) 
[Non-exempt Offer [where there is 
no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus]:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders 
of this paragraph (viii) and also paragraph 9 below) 
[Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (note that the Base 
Prospectus includes a list of States where the issuer 
has passported the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements and from which the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions should be selected in addition to 
Luxembourg: the Republic of Italy, the Federal 
Republic of Germany and Austria)] 
Offer Period: 
From [Specify the start date(s)] until [specify end-
date(s)] 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)/Not Applicable] 
General Consent:  
Other Authorised Offeror Terms 
conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable) 
 
(Consider 
any 
local 
regulatory 
requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.)

--- Page 124 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
124 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(xi) 
[EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)]. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert name of the benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the BMR apply, such that the administrator is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration]]. (repeat as necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Whole section not to be completed if subparagraph 8(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable 
because there is no Non-exempt Offer)  
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
(b) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(c) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[A prospective investor will subscribe for Notes in 
accordance with the arrangements agreed with the 
relevant authorized intermediary relating to the 
subscription of securities generally/give details/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
125 
(d) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(e) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding amounts paid in excess 
by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(f) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(g) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(h) 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(i) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries:  
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(j) 
Process for notifying applicants of 
the 
amount 
allotted 
and 
an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(k) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information relating 
to costs and charges, also include that information) 
(l) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place:  
[insert name] [insert address] [The Authorised 
Offerors identified in paragraph [8] above and 
identifiable from the Base Prospectus/None/give 
details]

--- Page 126 ---
Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
126 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least 
€100,000 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES, AND NOTES TO BE ADMITTED 
TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation and UK Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]28 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]29 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
                                                     
28 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
29  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 127 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
127 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]30 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID 
II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]31 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]]32 
                                                     
30  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
31  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 market approach. 
32 
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 128 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
128 
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be Qualifying Debt Securities for the purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.  
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any of the 
Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations in Singapore through 
a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to 
certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ITA), shall not apply if such person 
acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in 
Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost 
derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
[Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
[Please include the place of incorporation, registered office, registration number and form of the Issuer] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant Q1 market/segment], which is [an 
EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered 
or sold to non-qualified investors.]33 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 
June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date(s)] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
during normal business hours at UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 Milan, Italy and has 
been published on the website of UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu, as well as on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at the address above. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 5 June 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2021. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at 
UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 Milan, Italy and has been published on the website of 
UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu as well as on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. 
Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at the address above. 
                                                     
33 
Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will 
only be admitted to trading on a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors can have 
access.

--- Page 129 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
129 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/ 
the date that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [ ] 
below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable]] 
(delete this paragraph if Not Applicable) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations34: 
[ ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made. Note that only English Law Notes can be issued 
in registered form) 
 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent) unless they are to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors have 
access. In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of €250,000 
(or equivalent)) 
 
(Note 
– 
where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
                                                     
34  
The minimum denomination of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be Euro 250,000 and the minimum denomination of each 
Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body).

--- Page 130 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
130 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000]."))  
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate - Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]35] 
[(The Maturity Date may need to be not less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption. The Notes may only be redeemed 
in the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.] (N.B. 
only applicable to Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ], then [ ] 
per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ]] 
 
[[     ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/CMS Reference Rate/SOFR] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]  
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Rate Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
100 per cent. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
35 
Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification it will be necessary 
to use the second option here.

--- Page 131 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
131 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 and 15 
below (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs)  
(i) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which 
the 
change(s) 
in 
Interest 
Basis 
applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the Switch 
Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes on or prior to 
the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [19]/[, 20][and][21 below] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Non-Preferred Senior / Subordinated / 
Additional Tier 1] 
(a) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes 
[ ]] 
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] [specify other in case of different 
Rates of Interest in respect of different Interest Periods] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)

--- Page 132 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
132 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
insert Modified Following Business Day Convention) 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form)][/][[ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes (applicable to the Notes in global form)] 
[payable [[ ] in arrear] on [ ]/[each Interest Payment 
Date][, except for the amount of interest payable on the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [ ]].] 
[[This]/[These] Fixed Coupon Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if 
the Notes are represented by a global Note or are in 
definitive form.] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form)][/][[ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes (applicable to the Notes in global form)][, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ].] [This Broken Amount applies if the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or are in definitive 
form]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]36[Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Method]37 
(g) 
Determination Date[s]: 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
                                                     
36 
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
37 
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars.

--- Page 133 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
133 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(j) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/[ISDAFIX4]/ 
[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]  
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(q) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [●] 
(t) 
Reset Reference Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each 
of [●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] 
(b) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete]

--- Page 134 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
134 
(c) 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (e) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in subparagraph (e) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable] [ [  ] Business Days following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date/As per Condition 
6.3(b)(iii)(C)] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Reference Rate(s): 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/CMS Reference Rate/SOFR]]/[CMS Rate]] 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
 
(If CMS Rate is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Currency: 
Designated Maturity: 
Specified Time: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only relevant for 
CMS Rate) 
(i) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s)/SOFR Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(Second London Business Day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR or CAD-BA-CDOR and the second day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR, euro LIBOR, or CMS Rate 
when the reference currency is euro)

--- Page 135 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
135 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the TARGET2 
system is open prior to the start of each interest Period]  
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second (specify type of 
day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of Compounded SOFR with Lookback, 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift and 
Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period 
Shift, set out the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to Interest Payment Date(s) in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period(s)) 
(ii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX2 or any successor screen page] [insert other 
screen page] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions)  
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [ ] per cent. per annum] 
[Floor means [ ] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [ ] per cent.] 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback/Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift/Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay/Compounded SOFR Index 
with Observation Period Shift] (only relevant for SOFR) 
Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
SOFR 
IndexStart 
and 
SOFR 
IndexEnd 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[SOFR IndexStart: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
[SOFR IndexEnd: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
 
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [[●]/Not Applicable] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
(Not less than Five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days without consent of Calculation Agent) 
D: 
[365/360/[  ]] (only relevant for SOFR)

--- Page 136 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
136 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS 
Linked Interest Note, if based on euro then the first day 
of each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked.) 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(l) 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
CMS Rate 1: 
[               ] 
Manner in which CMS Rate 1 is 
to be determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
CMS Rate 2: 
[               ] 
Manner in which Rate 2 is to be 
determined: 
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
(m) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(n) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)]38 
(q) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
                                                     
38 
Actual 365 (Fixed) is applicable to Renminbi and Canadian Dollars denominated Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
137 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - 
Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index Unrevised 
(CPI)/ Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
excluding Tobacco (HICP)] 
(Give or annex details of index/indices) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [CPI/HICP] which is provided by []. [As 
at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).] [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, [CPI/HICP] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation.]] 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[     ]  
(c) 
Index Factor: 
[     ] [Specify the relevant Index Factor] [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (which shall 
not be the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent  
(e) 
Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(f) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[   ] 
(g) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(h) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each Interest 
Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the length of the 
Interest Period and the amount of interest due). In 
relation to the actual date on which Noteholders are 
entitled to receive payment of interest, see also 
Condition 7.8 (Payment Day) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 9.7 
(Payment Day) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes.) 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 138 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
138 
(l) 
Margin: 
[[insert Margin] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Commencement Date of the 
Inflation Index: 
[    ][Specify the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index] 
(o) 
Reference Month: 
[    ] 
(p) 
Reference Bond: 
[    ] 
(q) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ] 
(r) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(s) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify other] 
(t) 
End Date: 
[     ]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.3 of the 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days

--- Page 139 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
139 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes and Condition 8.5 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.6 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes: 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
only, 
subject 
to 
the 
prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations):  
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][[Make-whole 
Amount]] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(g) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, 
in the case of English Law Notes, Trustee)

--- Page 140 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
140 
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
21. 
Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Please consider that not less than the minimum period 
nor more than maximum period (each as specified in 
paragraph 18 above) of notice has to be sent to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of English Law 
Notes, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, the 
Noteholders) 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ]/[[100 per cent.] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption:  
(i) 
for taxation reasons (subject to 
[insert in the case of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes] 
[Condition 8.15 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes] [insert in the 
case of Subordinated Notes] 
[Condition 8.14 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.15 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes] [insert in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[Condition 10.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes (including the prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]) as contemplated 
by Condition 8.2 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes;  
[ ] [per Calculation Amount/As per Condition] [[8.6] 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes/[10.7] (Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes] 
[See also paragraph 20 above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable)  
[See also paragraph 21 above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and the Issuer Call due to MREL 
or TLAC Disqualification Event is applicable)

--- Page 141 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
141 
(ii) 
[insert in case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 
Notes][for regulatory reasons 
([insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes] [subject to 
Condition 8.14 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.15 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes] [insert in case 
of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[subject to Condition 10.15 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes (including the 
prior approval of the relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]) as contemplated 
by Condition 8.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.4 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes;]  
(iii) 
[insert in case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes ][for 
MREL 
or 
TLAC 
Disqualification Event (subject 
to Condition 8.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.16 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian 
Law Notes) as 
contemplated by Condition 8.5 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes; or]   
(iv) 
on event of default (subject 
to[insert in the case of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes] [Condition 8.15 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes] [insert in the case of 
Subordinated Notes] [Condition 
8.14 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian

--- Page 142 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
142 
Law Notes] [insert in the case of 
Additional 
Tier 
1 
Notes] 
[Condition 10.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes (including the prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]), 
and/or the method of calculating the same 
(if required or if different from that set out 
in Condition 8.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.7 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes: 
24. 
Extendible Notes:  
(a) 
Initial Maturity Date: 
(b) 
Final Maturity Date: 
(c) 
Election Date(s):  
(d) 
Notice period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Not less than [ ] nor more than [ ] days prior to the 
applicable Election Date* 
25. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Spot Rate: 
(i) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: [Reuters 
CNHFIX01]/[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Relevant Valuation Time: [ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Spot Rate: 
[][Not Applicable] 
26. 
Relevant Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
                                                     
*  
For any maturity extension at the option of the holder a minimum of 10 business days notice is required.

--- Page 143 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
143 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.39] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the Base Prospectus and 
the Notes themselves. The option for an issue of Notes to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes in paragraph 5 above includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] and 
integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].".)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Definitive IAI Registered Notes (specify 
nominal amounts)] 
(Note that only English Law Notes can be issued in 
registered form) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Periods for the purpose of 
calculating 
the 
amount 
of 
interest, 
to 
which 
subparagraph 15(f) above relates) 
29. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
31. 
Governing law of the Conditions 
[English Law]/ [Italian Law] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
                                                     
39 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 144 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
144 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 145 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
145 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market with 
effect from [    ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
with effect from [    ].]  [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market) 
(a) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 146 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
146 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
(a) 
Use of the proceeds: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include making 
a profit] / [] 
[Further details on Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are included in the [UniCredit 
Sustainability Bond Framework], made available on the 
Issuer’s website in the investor relations sections at []] 
See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus. 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit or 
general corporate purposes (for example for a Green 
Bond, a Social Bond, or an issuance of a Sustainability 
Bond, will need to include those reasons here))) 
(b) 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[     ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state amount 
and sources of other funding)  
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(c) 
CUSIP:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
CINS:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
CFI: 
[[include code]40, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(f) 
FISN: 
[[include code]34, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(g) 
[[specify other codes] 
[ ]] 
(h) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
                                                     
40  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 147 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
147 
(i) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(j) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
(specifying Lead Manager) and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key

--- Page 148 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
148 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(viii) 
[EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[insert 
name[s] 
of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the BMR)].  [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name 
of the benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the 
administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration]]. (repeat as necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this subparagraph)

--- Page 149 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
149 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATIONS 
 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]41 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]42 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]]43 
[The following language applies if the Notes are intended to be Qualifying Debt Securities for the purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.  
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any of the 
Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations in Singapore through 
                                                     
41  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
42  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
43  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 150 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
150 
a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities (subject to 
certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (the ITA), shall not apply if such person 
acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in 
Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost 
derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA.] 
[Date] 
 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
[Please include the place of incorporation, registered office, registration number and form of the Issuer] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] 
(the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be 
obtained from [address]. Stamp duty is paid virtually, if due, to Auth. Agenzia delle Entrate, Ufficio di Roma 1, 
No. 143106/07 of 21 December 2007. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus].44 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
2. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
                                                     
44  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different 
date.

--- Page 151 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
151 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [ ] below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations45: 
[          ] 
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption. The Issuer may only redeem the 
Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described in 
the Conditions.] (N.B. only applicable to Additional Tier 
1 Notes) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
                                                     
45 
The minimum denomination of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be Euro 250,000 and the minimum denomination of each 
Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body).

--- Page 152 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
152 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 14 and 16 
below (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs)  
(iv) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which the 
change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the Switch 
Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes on or prior to 
the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
(v) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(vi) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[               ] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Non-Preferred Senior / Subordinated / 
Additional Tier 1] 
(a) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes: 
[ ]] 
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)

--- Page 153 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
153 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
insert Modified Following Business Day Convention) 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form)][/][[ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes (applicable to the Notes in global form)] 
[payable [[ ] in arrear] on [ ]/[each Interest Payment 
Date][, except for the amount of interest payable on the 
first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
on 
[ 
]].] 
[[This]/[These] Fixed Coupon Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if 
the Notes are represented by a global Note or are in 
definitive form.] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form)][/][[  ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes (applicable to the Notes in global form)][, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].] 
[This Broken Amount applies if the Notes are 
represented by a global Note or are in definitive 
form]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other][Actual 
365 (Fixed)]46[Actual/Actual Canadian Compound 
Method]47 
(g) 
Determination Date[s]: 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
                                                     
46  
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
47  
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars.

--- Page 154 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
154 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(j) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/[ISDAFIX4]/ 
[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]  
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(q) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [●] 
(t) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each 
of [●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] 
(b) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete]

--- Page 155 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
155 
(c) 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (e) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in subparagraph (e) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable] [ [  ] Business Days following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date/As per Condition 
6.3(b)(iii)(C)] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CAD-
BA-CDOR/CMS 
Reference 
Rate/SOFR]. 
(Either 
LIBOR, EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including fallback 
provisions in the Agency Agreement for the English Law 
Notes and in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law 
Notes) 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s)/SOFR Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR or CAD-BA-CDOR and the second day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
(In the case of Compounded SOFR with Lookback, 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift and 
Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift, 
set out the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to Interest Payment Date(s) in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period(s)) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX2 or any successor screen page] [insert other 
screen page] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)

--- Page 156 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
156 
(iv) 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback/Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift/Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay/Compounded SOFR Index 
with Observation Period Shift] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(v) 
Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
(vi) 
SOFR IndexStart and 
SOFR 
IndexEnd 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days: 
[SOFR IndexStart: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
[SOFR IndexEnd: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
(vii) 
Lookback Number of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(Not less than Five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days without consent of Calculation Agent) 
(viii) 
D: 
[365/360/[  ]] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(m) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(n) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other]48 
                                                     
48 
Actual 365 (Fixed) is applicable to Renminbi and Canadian Dollars denominated Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
157 
(p) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[          ] 
(q) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other codes] 
18. 
Index Linked Interest Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
 
[If physical settlement of Index Linked Notes is 
contemplated, details to be set out in an annex] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [] 
(c) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in [(b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (f) below] is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 158 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
158 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(g) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
19. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
[give 
or 
annex 
details] 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[ ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes and Condition 8.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Subordinated 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 159 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
159 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes only, subject to the prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations): 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, 
in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee). 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Note and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
23. 
Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Please consider that not less than the minimum period 
nor more than maximum period (each as specified in 
paragraph 19 above) of notice has to be sent to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of English Law 
Notes, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, the 
Noteholders) 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ]/[[100 per cent.] per Calculation Amount] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption:  
(i) 
for taxation reasons (subject to 
[insert in the case of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes] [Condition 8.15 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
[ ] [per Calculation Amount/As per Condition] [[8.6] 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes/[10.7] (Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes] 
[See also paragraph 22 (Regulatory Call) above] (Delete 
this cross-reference unless the Notes are Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes and the Regulatory Call 
is applicable)

--- Page 160 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
160 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes] [insert in the case of 
Subordinated Notes] [Condition 
8.14 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.15 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes] [insert in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[Condition 10.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes (including the prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]) as contemplated 
by Condition 8.2 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.3 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes; 
(ii) 
[insert in case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 
Notes] [for regulatory reasons 
([insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes] [subject to 
Condition 8.14 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.15 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes] [insert in 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[subject to Condition 10.15 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes (including the 
prior approval of the relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]) as contemplated 
by Condition 8.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.4 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes;] 
(iii) 
[insert in case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes] 
[for 
MREL 
or 
TLAC 
Disqualification Event (subject 
[See also paragraph 23 above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and the Issuer Call due to MREL 
or TLAC Disqualification Event is applicable)

--- Page 161 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
161 
to Condition 8.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and Condition 10.16 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes) as 
contemplated by Condition 8.5 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes and 
Condition 10.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes; or] 
(iv) 
on event of default (subject 
to[insert in the case of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes] [Condition 8.15 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
English 
Law 
Notes 
and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes] [insert in the case of 
Subordinated Notes] [Condition 
8.14 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.15 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes] [insert in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[Condition 10.15 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian 
Law Notes (including the prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]), 
and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in 
Condition 8.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10.7 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes (Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Early 
Redemption Amounts): 
26. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Spot Rate: 
(i) 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: [Reuters 
CNHFIX01]/[ ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 162 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
162 
(ii) 
Relevant Valuation Time: [ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Spot Rate: 
[][Not Applicable] 
27. 
Relevant Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
28. 
Extendible Notes:  
(a) 
Initial Maturity Date: 
(b) 
Final Maturity Date:  
(c) 
Election Date(s):  
(d) 
Notice period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Not less than [ ] nor more than [ ] days prior to the 
applicable Election Date* 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.49] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the Base Prospectus 
and the Notes themselves. The option for an issue of 
Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 above 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
                                                     
*  
For any maturity extension at the option of the holder a minimum of 10 business days’ notice is required. 
49  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 163 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
163 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global Note (U.S.$[ ] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes (specify nominal amounts)] 
(Note that only English Law Notes can be issued in 
registered form) 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which subparagraph 16(c) above) relates) 
31. 
RMB Settlement Centre 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
33. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
34. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
35. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
 
 
By:

--- Page 164 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
164 
Duly authorised 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 165 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
165 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
[specify market - note this must not be an EEA regulated 
market or the London Stock Exchange's main market] 
with effect from [   ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued are not expected to be rated] [The 
Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include making 
a profit] / [] 
[Further details on Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are included in the [UniCredit 
Sustainability Bond Framework] made available on the 
Issuer’s website in the investor relations sections at []] 
See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus. 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit or 
general corporate purposes (for example for a Green 
Bond, a Social Bond, or an issuance of a Sustainability 
Bond, will need to include those reasons here)) 
(b) 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[     ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state amount 
and sources of other funding)  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CUSIP:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
CINS:  
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
166 
(v) 
CFI: 
[[include code]50, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
FISN: 
[[include code]40, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
[[specify other codes] 
[ ]] 
(viii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear. and 
Clearstream Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
(ix) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
(x) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[ ] 
(xi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
                                                     
50  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 167 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
167 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers 
(specifying 
Lead 
Manager) 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
168 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes to be governed under English Law 
(respectively, the English Law Notes or the Notes and the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions) which will be attached to each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive 
Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, the competent authority or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes for the 
purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to 
include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of 
Exempt Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes constituted by a Sixteenth Amended and Restated Trust 
Deed (such Sixteenth Amended and Restated Trust Deed, as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 7 June 2021 and made between UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit) and Citicorp 
Trustee Company Limited as trustee for the time being for the Noteholders (the Trustee, which expression shall 
include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed), and issued by UniCredit (or 
any other company which has become an issuer under the Programme and the Trust Deed in accordance with 
Condition 17) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms (the Issuer, which expression shall include any company 
substituted in place of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17). These terms and conditions (the Conditions) 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of 
the Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons referred to below. References herein to the 
Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
definitive Notes in registered form (Definitive Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for 
a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a Nineteenth 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 7 June 2021 (such Nineteenth Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes, or the Agency Agreement) and made between UniCredit, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent which expression shall include 
any successor exchange agent) and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank Europe plc and Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
transfer agents and the other transfer agents named therein (the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor transfer agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
169 
Conditions (the Conditions) and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading (i) on a regulated 
market in the EEA or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) the UK 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note or to the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest 
payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt 
Notes in definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global Notes do 
not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below), the holders of the 
Receipts (the Receiptholders) and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and a deed poll dated 7 June 2021 (the Deed Poll) and executed 
by UniCredit (i) are available for inspection or collection by Noteholders upon reasonable request during normal 
business hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar 
and the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the 
Agents) and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. (the Luxembourg Listing Agent), or (ii) may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee, the Agents or the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Agent or 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent, as the case may be), as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding 
one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity unless the regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange require otherwise. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
170 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset 
Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note (each as hereinafter 
defined), or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note and a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Extendible Note, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable). 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note or a Non-Preferred Senior Note, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise 
required by law or as otherwise required by a court of competent jurisdiction or a public official authority) 
deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), and/or the 
Depositary Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B the

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
171 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of the Notes issued in NGN form, such additional or 
alternative clearing system must also be authorised to hold such Notes as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial 
interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set 
out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such 
Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC 
or such successor’s nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in this Condition 2.2 and Conditions 2.3 and 2.6, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing 
and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (with the prior written approval of the 
Trustee) (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 4 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as 
provided above, the Registrar will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply 
with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), deliver, or procure the delivery of, at its specified 
office or the specified office of a Transfer Agent to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send 
by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form, duly authenticated by the Registrar, of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or 
the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be required to register 
the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
172 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made: 
(a) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Trust Deed, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are available 
from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note 
or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(i) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes to be a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(ii) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the 
Trust Deed (an IAI Investment Letter); or 
(b) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
of any State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of Condition 2.5(a)(i), such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global 
or definitive form and, in the case of Condition 2.5(a)(ii), such transferee may take delivery only through 
a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (A) 
beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be 
held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (B) 
such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
2.6 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect 
that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of a 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being 
made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes 
being transferred will be held immediately through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
or 
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(i) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification;  
(ii) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed IAI 
Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
173 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the 
United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors 
through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for 
any Notes which are the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global 
Note, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of 
the legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove such legend, as the case 
may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required 
by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel that neither the legend nor the restrictions 
on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.7 
Exchanges of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form that were sold outside the United States in accordance 
with regulation S (Regulation S Notes) may exchange such Notes for Regulation S Global Notes at any 
time and holders of Rule 144A Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Rule 
144A Global Note of the same type at any time. 
2.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition 2, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
Institutional Accredited Investor means accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) (1), (2), (3) or 
(7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
Legended Note means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited 
Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Note) 
sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which bear a 
legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a Legend); 
QIB means a “qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A as defined below; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States 
or to QIBs; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES  
This Condition 3 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior and being Senior 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable 
law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior 
Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
174 
law to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and future 
and, in the case of the Senior Notes, pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.  
4. 
STATUS OF THE NON-PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred 
Senior and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, 
as defined under Article 12-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the Italian Banking Act). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking junior to Senior 
Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, pari passu without any 
preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of 
UniCredit, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as amended 
from time to time. 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES  
This Condition 5 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated and 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. 
Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in 
accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, and Article 63 of the 
Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms) and any relative Receipts and Coupons 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of UniCredit and rank after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of UniCredit and after all creditors of UniCredit holding instruments which are less 
subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes but at least pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of UniCredit which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes and in 
priority to the claims of shareholders of UniCredit. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by UniCredit in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise, in respect of such Subordinated Note.

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
175 
In these Conditions: 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant situation, 
the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other authority having 
primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of UniCredit or the Group and/or, as 
the context may require, the "resolution authority" or the "competent authority" as defined under BRRD 
and/or SRM Regulation. 
Relevant Regulations has the meaning attributed to that term in Condition 8.5. 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
whether a different interest basis applies. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), any applicable Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods or (ii) as a different 
Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Interest Periods. 
In respect of Notes which are denominated in Renminbi, if the Business Day Convention is specified as 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, or if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of (i) Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) Notes represented by a Global Note where the 
applicable Final Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply, interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
176 
i. 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
ii. 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (I) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates that would normally occur 
in one calendar year;  
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(d) 
if "Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
whenever it is necessary to compute any amount of accrued interest in respect of the Notes for 
a period of less than one full year, other than in respect of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, such interest will be calculated on the basis of the Actual number of days in the period 
and a year of 365 days; and 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365.

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
177 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
RMB Settlement Centre, means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be 
deemed to be Hong Kong; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.3(j) (Reference 
Rate Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 6.1. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms 
the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than 
zero. 
(ii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 6.2(ii) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches the 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
178 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin, subject to Condition 6.2(ii); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means either (i) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified Currency 
is euro, SOFR if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollar or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the 
Specified Currency is not euro or U.S. dollar;  
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2(iii), 
either:  
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
179 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly 
or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6.2(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, 
subject to Condition 6.2(ii). 
(iii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided in Condition 
6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) 
or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
180 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2, Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer. 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates  
This Condition 6.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes only. The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and 
inflation linked rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes, or, as appropriate, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest (applicable to Floating Rate Notes only), the party who will calculate the amount 
of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final 
Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls in the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified as: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.3(a)(ii), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis: or  
(B) 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(C) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
181 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(E) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars 
or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), 
respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 
System) is open. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be 
deemed to be Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. It may be specified in the Final Terms that the Rate 
of Interest is multiplied by a factor. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which 
can be positive or negative. For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SOFR and CMS Linked Interest Notes)

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
182 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement) below, be either: 
(A) 
the rate or offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the London 
interbank offered rate (LIBOR) or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the 
Canadian Dollar offered rate (CAD-BA-CDOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 10.00 a.m. 
(Toronto time, in the case of CAD-BA-CDOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or 
negative, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such rates or offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
rates or offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no rate or offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
fewer than three such rates or offered quotations appears, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its bid rate or offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with bid rates or offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the bid rates or offered quotations plus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a bid rate or offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, for Canadian Dollar 
bankers acceptances for a period of the applicable Interest Period in an amount representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto 
time), or (b) at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with bid rates or offered rates, the bid rate or offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the bid rates or offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, 
for Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances in an amount representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time), or (b) to 
leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
183 
positive or negative, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (or for each 
Interest Accrual Period, when Calculation Method is specified as Compounded SOFR with 
Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms), subject as provided below and subject to 
Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement), will be the Compounded SOFR for such 
Interest Period (or Interest Accrual Period, as applicable) plus the Margin (if any, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms), which can be positive or negative, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The Rate of Interest applicable for an Interest Period will be determined on the applicable SOFR 
Interest Determination Date, provided that, if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Accrual Period will be determined on the applicable Interest Accrual Period End 
Date, provided further that, in such case the Rate of Interest for the final Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined on the Rate Cut-off Date. 
The Interest Amount for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as set 
out in Condition 6.3(f) below provided that if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
calculations shall be made in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, rather than each Interest 
Period. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Compounded SOFR means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Lookback", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1+
SOFRi-yUSBD×ni
360
ቁ-1
d0
i = 1
ቃ×
360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
184 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFRi-yUSBD, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that is "y" (the Lookback Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
that day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as "y", 
and which shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
without the prior consent of the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1+
SOFRi×ni
360
ቁ-1
d0
i = 1
ቃ×
360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that day 
"i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1").  
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period 
to, but excluding, the date that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days so specified and preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
(C) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with Payment

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
185 
Delay", with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, subject as provided below, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1+
SOFRi×ni
360
ቁ-1
d0
i = 1
ቃ×
360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that 
day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Interest Accrual Period means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, from, and including, an Interest Accrual Period End Date 
(or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date) to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, such redemption date). 
Interest Accrual Period End Dates means the dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any 
earlier redemption date, such redemption date. 
Interest Payment Date means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any 
earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
Rate Cut-Off Date means the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For the purposes of calculating 
Compounded SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR 
for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including 
the Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date.  
(D) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR Index with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, the rate computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541 
per cent. (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654 per cent. (or .0987654) and

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
186 
9.876545 per cent. (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655 per cent. (or 
.0987655)): 
ቀ
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1ቁ× 
360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐 
where: 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(1) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the New York Fed's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR 
Determination Time); provided that: 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(i)  if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined below) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to the "SOFR Index Unavailable" provisions below; or 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement). 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two, or such 
other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; and  
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to 
(but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd. 
SOFR Index Unavailable means, if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated SOFR Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined below) 
have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR means, for the 
applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a 
daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New York 
Fed's 
Website 
at 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-
information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced 
with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall 
be removed. If the daily SOFR (SOFRi) does not so appear for any day, i in the 
Observation Period, SOFRi for such day i shall be SOFR published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Fed's Website.

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
187 
As used in this Condition 6.3(b)(iii):  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Each calculation of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent 
will (in absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer may appoint a different calculation agent from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without notifying the Noteholders. If a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred under 
Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement), the Issuer shall then appoint a designee 
to act as calculation agent unless the Calculation Agent agrees to continue to act as 
Calculation Agent, and any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee in connection with Compounded SOFR shall be subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6.3(j)(2). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Issuer will provide notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of any determination, decision or election made by the Issuer or its 
designee in connection with the Compounded SOFR, including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment. 
Subject to Condition 6.3(j)(2), in the case of Floating Rate Notes which reference 
SOFR, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the Interest Amount due to be 
paid on each relevant Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date, as applicable, no 
later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following 
each relevant SOFR Interest Determination Date, Interest Accrual Period End Date or 
Rate Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Definitions 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the SOFR Administrator. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.  
SOFR, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the New York Fed's Website 
at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such 
term is defined below under Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement) 
have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect 
of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the New York Fed's 
Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
188 
described, and as defined, below under Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate 
Replacement) have occurred. 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); and 
SOFR Interest Determination Date for Compounded SOFR with Lookback, Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period 
Shift means the day that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate 
Replacement) below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(B) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate 
(C) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 
or 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Leverage x [(Min (CMS Rate 1; Cap – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin 
(D) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Leverage x Min [Max (CMS Rate + Margin; Floor); Cap] 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero.

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
189 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(iii): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, as published on Reuters Page 
ICESWAP2, Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00 AM CET or the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on any Interest Determination Date 
less than three or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different specified Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the specified Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the specified Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2 shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular Designated Maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Floor means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Leverage means a percentage number as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Margin means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading 
swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London interbank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York 
City inter-bank market, (iv) where the Reference Currency is Canadian Dollars, the principal Toronto 
office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), or (v) in 
the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or 
one of its affiliates; 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
190 
months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a 
designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; and 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, for each 
Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the Final Terms, 
on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*YoY Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, designated as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of Condition 6.3(d) shall apply as 
appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Index Factor has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index Factor is 
specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex 1 to this Base Prospectus (CPI or 
HICP) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inflation Index (t) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
Inflation Index (t-1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls;  
Margin has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
YoY Inflation (t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), the value 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
191 
ቈ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡−1) −1቉ 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(a) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(b) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.1 or this Condition 6.3, each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option 
having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
192 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding.  
Calculation Agent means the entity designated for such purpose as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
193 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (I) that 
day is the last day of February or (II) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (I) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (II) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
if applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if applicable), one of which shall be determined as

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
194 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated as if 
Linear Interpolation were not applicable.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 6.3(h) does not apply to Notes linked to SOFR.  
Subject to Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the latest on the first London Business Day of each Interest 
Period, the Issuer and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to 
be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (or listing agent as the 
case may be) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). For the purposes of 
this Condition 6.3(h), the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.3 by the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(j) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
This Condition 6.3(j) applies only to Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes. 
(1) 
Reset Notes and Screen Rate Determination (in the latter case for Notes not linked to SOFR) 
If: (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined or, in the case of Reset Notes, Reset Reference Rate Replacement is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (ii) notwithstanding the other provisions of this 
Condition 6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination and the other provisions of Section 6.2(iii) for 
Reset Notes, the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series 
of Notes (other than to Notes linked to SOFR): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours: (A) to determine a Successor Reference Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate 
and an Adjustment Spread (if any), appoint an Independent Adviser to determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
195 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, and for all other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6.3(j) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Reference Rate and the Independent Adviser is 
unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no 
later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, and for all 
other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6.3(j) during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s), as 
applicable). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any 
relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 6.3(j): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as 
applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.3(j)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.3(j)); 
or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.3(j)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify:  
(i) changes to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement in order 
to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Additional 
Business Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date as the case may be, 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable 
to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
196 
relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is not available; and  
(ii) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and 
comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), (each of the changes described above a 
Benchmark Amendment and, together, the Benchmark Amendments) which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as 
applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6.3(j); and 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.3(j)(iv) 
below, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
(iv) 
following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 6.3(j), the Issuer shall notify promptly (but in any event no later 
than the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date) of the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to Condition 6.3(j) to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any, and 
will be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee 
and the Noteholders. 
(v) 
no later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (y) the Successor Reference Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Reference Rate; and (z) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.3(j); 
and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are reasonably necessary to ensure the 
proper operation and the comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or (in 
either case) Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
at the request and expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6.3(j)(v) above, the Trustee shall, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, and the Agents shall 
concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to give effect to this 
Condition 6.3(j) (regardless of whether or not the effecting of such Benchmark Amendments 
constitutes one or more provisos under Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution), and the Trustee and the Agents shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof. Notwithstanding the above, neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be 
obliged so to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable), 
doing so would have the effect of imposing more onerous obligations upon it or exposing it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities (in the case of the Trustee, liabilities against

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
197 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) or 
reducing or amending the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) in any way. For the avoidance 
of doubt, none of the Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent will be responsible 
for determining whether or not a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6.3(j) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2(iii) or Condition 6.3(b). 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, if (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and (ii) notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Condition 6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination, the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If the Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at any time, at the 
request and expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer pursuant to the below, the Trustee , without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, and the Agents shall concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes required to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement (regardless of whether or not the effecting of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes constitutes one or more provisos under Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) and the Trustee and the Agents shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof. Notwithstanding the above, neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so 
to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable) doing so would have 
the effect of imposing more onerous obligations upon it or exposing it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities (in the case of the Trustee, liabilities against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) or reducing or amending the rights and/or 
protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) 
in any way. 
Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes determined under this Condition 6.3(j) will be notified promptly (but in any event no later than 
the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
if any, and will be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee 
and the Noteholders. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and (iii) 
where applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 6.3(j); and

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
198 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if applicable) are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without prejudice 
to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this 
Conditions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection: 
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error on Noteholders and any other party; 
(2) 
will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion, as applicable; and 
(3) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(j)(2): 
Benchmark means, initially, the Compounded SOFR, determined in accordance with the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Rate of Interest (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time.

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
199 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any replacement rate, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such replacement rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its 
designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the replacement rate exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
200 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(3) 
Disapplication of Reference Rate Replacement 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.3(j): (i) no Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference 
Rate will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 6.3(j), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, satisfying the MREL or TLAC Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 
6.3(j), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to result in the Competent Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant Resolution Authority treating an 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of Condition 6.3(j)(1) and this Condition 6.3(j)(3): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: (i) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (iii) if no such customary market usage 
is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its 
discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods or 
Reset Periods, as applicable, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Reference Rate or a Reset Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
201 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date on or prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, where applicable, such period of time has lapsed, 
and provided further that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes, in each case by a specific date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or other rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation 
of Condition 6.3(j) (Reference Rate Replacement). 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a reference rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate: (i) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate and (ii) that is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6.4 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 6.4 or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 6.4, each Inflation Linked 
Interest Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Conditions.

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
202 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any Hedging Party will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other Hedging Party); 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any due date 
for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date is relevant, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation Index, that 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such Inflation Index (the 
Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to 
the Cut-Off Date; 
Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and 
issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates 
and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, 
with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next 
longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) above is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, 
the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a 
coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond 
maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same 
basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the 
time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged); 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
203 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any other party providing 
the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as the Issuer may 
select at such time; 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
Inflation Index means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation 
Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is reported as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is published or announced, 
except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the 
Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level is reported; 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then, for any 
Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in 
the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond; and 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above; 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
204 
(iii) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Condition 6.4. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month. 
(b) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 6.4(b)(v)), a 
successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have 
been determined under Condition 6.4(b)(ii), 6.4(b)(iii) or 6.4(b)(iv); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
6.4(b)(i), and a notice has been given or an announcement has been made by 
the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be 
superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index 
is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
6.4(b)(i) or 6.4(b)(ii), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
205 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  
If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five responses, three 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be 
deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are received and 
two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will 
be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are 
received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 6.4(b)(iii), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
6.4(b)(iv); 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Condition 6.4(b)(i), 6.4(b)(ii) or 6.4(b)(iii) by the next occurring Cut-
Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Issuer shall 
redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes, each Inflation Linked Interest Note being redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Business Days 
prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days of publication, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the 
Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes as it 
determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
206 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
(g) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
(i) 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation 
Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not 
make any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels 
at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date 
or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in 
the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to 
advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not 
making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. 
The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to 
act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to 
the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor 
its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will 
obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from publicly available 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) 
is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of 
information concerning the Inflation Index.  
6.5 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 6.3 shall, 
save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to 
Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes 
and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
Partly Paid Notes

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
207 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Dual Currency Note 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference 
to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Dual Currency Interest Notes 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively);  
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account denominated in Renminbi 
and maintained by the payee with a bank in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
7.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.3 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 7.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save 
as provided in Condition 7.5) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 9) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
208 
void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Note. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
7.5 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final instalment, 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant 
Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note 
to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.  
7.6 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of 
the any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (a) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which DTC or Euroclear and

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
209 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, are open for business) before the relevant due date and (b) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the 
case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained 
by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means 
the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account and, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, means the Renminbi account maintained by 
or on behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), details of which 
appear on the Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for payment) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated 
Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi) a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case 
of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro and (in the case of a payment in 
Renminbi) a bank in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the 
Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register (a) where in global form, at the close of the fifteenth business day (in the case of a 
Registered Global Note held by DTC or its nominee denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars) and at the close of the business day (in all other cases) (being for this purpose a day on 
which DTC Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (b) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifth day (in the case 
of Renminbi) and at the close of the fifteenth business day (in the case of a currency other than Renminbi) 
(whether or not such fifth day or fifteenth day is a business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) (the Record 
Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Principal Paying Agent to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf 
of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC 
with an interest in the Notes has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified Currency, 
in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of DTC. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
7.7 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.7, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
210 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.8 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars New Zealand dollars or Renminbi, shall be Sydney, Auckland and the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
7.9 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, and if by reason of a RMB Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, the Issuer is not able to pay any amount in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes shall 
be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate 
for the relevant Determination Date. 
The Issuer shall give not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice (prior to the date of payment) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency 
Event, giving details thereof. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7.9 and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency;

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
211 
Determination Date means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date of 
the relevant payment under the Notes; 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s); 
Mainland China means the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan); 
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order 
to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign 
exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s); 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date at the general RMB 
exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver RMB, (A) between accounts inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), (B) from an account 
inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) and outside Mainland China (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended), (C) from an 
account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) and outside Mainland China to an account inside 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and 
it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the Relevant 
Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the Relevant Valuation Time on the Determination Date by reference to 
the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Issuer shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Issuer deems relevant, including pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic 
foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this by 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable), will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and all holders of the Notes.

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
212 
7.10 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.6); 
and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
Any reference in these Conditions to payment of any sums in respect of the Notes (including, in respect 
of Index Linked Notes and other structured Notes) shall be deemed to include, as applicable, delivery of 
any relevant Reference Asset (as defined in Condition 8.12) if so provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and references to “paid” and “payable” shall be construed accordingly. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (i) at 
par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency or (ii) at its Final Redemption Amount, in case of Exempt Notes, which is such 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8.6, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 8.14 and, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 8.15) in whole or in part, at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 
16 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Tax Event has occurred, provided 
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail 
and describe the facts leading thereto and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
213 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.2. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.6 together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
A Tax Event means: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, in 
respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9, in each case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9) or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, a Tax Jurisdiction having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case of any redemption of 
Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and 
to the extent then required under the then applicable Relevant Regulations (as defined in 
Condition 8.5) any such change or amendment is, to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent 
Authority, material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
8.3 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 8.14), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note 
or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Regulatory Event has occurred in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.3, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.3 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.6 together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions: 
A Regulatory Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of 
the Subordinated Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their exclusion, 
in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Tier 2 Capital of the 
UniCredit Group or the Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant 
Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
214 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), such option being referred 
to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 8.4 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 8.14 and, in the case of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 8.15), having given not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer at the time) 
equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Principal Paying 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations;

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
215 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption 
Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Reference Date quoted in writing to the Principal Paying Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8.4 by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer 
at the time), shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) at least five days prior 
to the Selection Date. 
8.5 
Issuer Call Due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event  
This Condition 8.5 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then any Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 8.15) on or after the date specified in a notice published on the Issuer’s 
website be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is neither 
a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual 
Currency Interest Note) on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee and, in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer 
determines that a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.5, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.5. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.5 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.6 together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
216 
As used in these Conditions:  
Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or independent 
of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the 
relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group 
Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution 
regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other 
person;  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
CRD IV means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRD IV Regulation, and (iii) the Future 
Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 
26, 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Regulation); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD V Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations introduced 
after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer (on a 
solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds 
of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the extent required by (i) the CRD IV Regulation or (ii) the 
CRD IV Directive; 
Group and UniCredit Group means the UniCredit Banking Group, registered with the Register of 
Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Italian Banking Act, under number 
02008.1; 
Group Entity means UniCredit or any legal person that is part of the UniCredit Group;

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
217 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements, provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior 
Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL or TLAC Requirements due to the remaining 
maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a 
prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities does not 
constitute a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of 
Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL or TLAC Requirements as a result of 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event; 
MREL or TLAC Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including 
any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or 
the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, 
supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European 
Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
8.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2, Condition 8.3, Condition 8.5 and Condition 11, the Early Redemption 
Amount shall be set: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
218 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
8.7 
Extendible Notes 
Notes may be issued with an initial maturity date (the Initial Maturity Date) which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the Noteholders on specified dates (each, an Election Date) up to 
a final maturity date (the Final Maturity Date) as set forth in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement if applicable) (Extendible Notes). To make an election effective on any Election Date, the 
Noteholder must deliver a notice of election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, Registrar (a Notice of Election), during the 
Notice Period for that Election Date specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable) 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Any Notice of Election so given by a Noteholder pursuant to 
this Condition 8.7 will be irrevocable and binding upon that Noteholder. The Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement if applicable) relating to each issue of Extendible Notes will specify the Initial Maturity 
Date, the Final Maturity Date, the Election Date(s) and the applicable Notice Period. 
8.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 8.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on 
an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 8 and the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
219 
8.9 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 8.15 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Condition 8.14 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith), including for market making purposes, at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
8.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer and surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.9 (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold. 
8.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 or 8.5 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.6(b) as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
8.12 
Index Linked Notes and other Structured Notes 
The Issuer may, as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be entitled to redeem Index Linked 
Notes or other structured Notes, including where the amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes is based on the price, value, performance or some other factor relating to an asset or other 
property (Reference Asset), by physical delivery of all or part of the Reference Asset or of some other 
asset or property (Physically-Settled Notes). 
8.13 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to Article 
1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
8.14 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes  
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 8.2, 8.3, 8.4 or 8.9 or 
Condition 17 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or substitution in accordance with 
Condition 17) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Relevant Regulations, including, as 
relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, 
and in the manner, required by the then applicable Relevant Regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either:

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
220 
(i) on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such 
time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) 
of the CRD IV Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated 
Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Relevant Regulations for the time being.  
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject 
to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set 
out at letters (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
8.15 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Any redemption or purchase in accordance with Condition 8.2, 8.4, 8.5 or 8.9 or Condition 17 (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or substitution in accordance with Condition 17) of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according to the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL or TLAC Requirements at the relevant time, 
including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRD IV Regulation, where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
221 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to 
ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Relevant Regulations for 
continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to time 
under the Relevant Regulations. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of interest (including any Arrear of Interest and Default Interest) in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that: 
(a) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon for or 
on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997 (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) or any related 
implementing regulations; and 
(b) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid 
such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming 
such day to have been a Payment Day as defined in Condition 7.8); or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(v) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in the event of 
payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest is paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
222 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
authorities; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996, as amended, have not been met or complied with, except 
where such requirements and procedures have not been met or complied with 
due to the actions or omissions of UniCredit or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes that are not qualified as bonds or similar securities where 
such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983, as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time 
to time; or 
(viii) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(ix) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
As used herein: 
(A) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any other jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of interest on the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons; and 
(B) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under this Condition 9 or under any obligation 
undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or Condition 7.3 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.3. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 11.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes.

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
223 
The Trustee, at its discretion, may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders, shall (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon 
immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest 
as provided in the Trust Deed if the Issuer shall become subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa 
as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 of the Republic of Italy (as amended from 
time to time) (the Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes). No 
Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall occur other than in the 
context of an insolvency proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for any purpose). 
11.2 
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 11.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Trustee, at its discretion, may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) 
give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and 
repayable at their Early Redemption Amount plus accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed, in case 
of Subordinated Notes in the event that UniCredit shall become subject to Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 of the Republic of Italy 
(as amended from time to time) (the Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes). No Event of Default 
for the Subordinated Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding in respect 
of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Subordinated 
Notes for any purpose). 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT 
12.1 
Subject (in the case of Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) to Condition 
21.2, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Deed or the Notes, but it 
shall not be bound to take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
quarter in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed as aforesaid, fails so to do within a reasonable 
time and such failure is continuing. 
12.2 
Proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of UniCredit may only be initiated in the Republic of Italy 
(and not elsewhere), by the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, in accordance with the laws of the 
Republic of Italy (except for the purposes of an Approved Reorganisation). 
In these Conditions, Approved Reorganisation means a solvent and voluntary reorganisation involving, 
alone or with others, UniCredit and whether by way of consolidation, amalgamation, merger, transfer of 
all or part of any business or assets, or otherwise, provided that the principal resulting, surviving or 
transferee entity which is a banking company effectively assumes all the obligations of UniCredit under, 
or in respect of, the Notes. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
224 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) to vary or terminate the appointment 
of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent), having a 
specified office in a Member State of the European Union other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated, and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange, the competent authority or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 7.6. Except as provided in the Agency Agreement, any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Trustee and Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified in the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, of the Trustee, and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent 
is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor agent. 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. 
16. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (if and for so long 
as the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of any other stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading (in each case in respect only of any 
listing or admission to trading obtained pursuant to a request by or on behalf of the Issuer) including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
225 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other 
manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first-class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing and (if and for so long as the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
if published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be 
made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. In addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are 
listed on any other stock exchange (where the Issuer has made application) and the rules of that exchange 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by the rules of that stock exchange. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, 
be substituted for publication as provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes, and (if 
and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) publication on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger 
Wort or the Tageblatt. In addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on any other stock exchange (where 
the Issuer has made application) or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published as may be required by 
those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or 
the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any such adjourned meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders 
and Couponholders.

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
226 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the 
Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of 
Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or any Event of Default for the 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, or potential Event of Default for the Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or potential Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Trust Deed 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
In addition, the Issuer may in accordance with Condition 6.3(j) vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, as described in Condition 6.3(j) and the Trustee and 
the Agents shall concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments and/or any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) subject to the terms thereof.  
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall, unless the Trustee agrees 
otherwise, be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Without prejudice to the aforementioned discretions, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to the substitution at any time or times of any successor 
company (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer or any subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer 
or any successor company to such successor company, as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed and 
the Notes. Such agreement shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed, including (except 
where a successor company of the Issuer is the new principal debtor) the irrevocable and unconditional 
guarantee of the Notes by the Issuer, provided that any such guarantee shall have the same ranking as the 
Notes (and in any case shall not rank Senior to the Notes) upon the effectiveness of any such substitution. 
The Trustee may also agree without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders to the addition of another company as an issuer of Notes under the Programme and the 
Trust Deed. Any such addition shall be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and to such 
amendment thereof and such other conditions as the Trustee may require. In the case of any proposed 
substitution or addition, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, be 
materially prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, substitution or change of law as aforesaid), 
the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders, whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard 
to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division 
thereof, and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the Trustee any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 9 and/or any undertaking or 
covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 9 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
In addition, (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event occurs, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory 
Event occurs or (iii) in the case of all Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
227 
Condition 22, then the Issuer may, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders 
of the relevant Notes of that Series) having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Trustee and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) 
of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and they shall also 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements 
for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements; 
(B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the date of variation or substitution; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes immediately prior to 
such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or 
the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to 
any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation or substitution; and (F) are assigned 
(or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution. 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by 
the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) comply with 
the then-current requirements of the Relevant Regulations in relation to Tier 2 Capital, (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E)

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
228 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of 
variation or substitution; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit 
ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless 
any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.  
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or substitution pursuant to this Condition 17 is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8.14 (in respect of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 8.15 (in respect of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
18. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce repayment unless 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction and to be paid to its costs and expenses in priority to the 
claims of the Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter 
into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s other subsidiaries and to act as trustee 
for the holders of any other securities issued by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer’s other 
subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, and (c) to 
retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby 
or in connection therewith. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
The Issuer may from time to time, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, create and issue other 
series of Notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for and governs 
the convening of a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of bearer or registered notes of 
other Series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes (except for Condition 4, Condition 5 and Condition 
22), the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. Each of Condition 4, 
Condition 5 and Condition 22 and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
each of them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law.  
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, claim, difference or 
controversy which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or 
the consequences of their nullity or relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them) (a Dispute) and each party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts.

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
229 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
20.3 
Waiver of trial by jury 
Without prejudice to Condition 20.2, each party waives any right it may have to a jury trial of any claim 
or cause of action in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons. These 
Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
20.4 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer agrees that any documents required to be served on it in relation to any proceedings before 
the English courts in relation to any Dispute (including any documents which start any proceedings) may 
be served on it by being delivered to UniCredit S.p.A., London Branch at Moor House, 120 London 
Wall, London, EC2Y 5ET or, if different, its principal office for the time being in London. In the event 
of UniCredit S.p.A., London Branch ceasing to act or ceasing to be registered in England, the Issuer will 
appoint such other person as the Trustee may approve and as the Issuer may nominate in writing to the 
Trustee for the purpose of accepting service of process on its behalf in England in respect of any 
proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
22. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF STATUTORY BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 22.  
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or an Event of 
Default for the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall 
continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with 
respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the 
reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State.  
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
230 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions for the Notes governed by Italian law which will be attached to each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange, the competent authority or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of 
Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for 
the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, 
or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for 
a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Notes. 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to 
include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of 
Exempt Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in these “Terms and Conditions”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the Italian 
Law Notes (as defined below) and references to “Receipt” and “Talons” (both as defined below) shall be to the 
“Receipt” and “Talons” (both as defined below) connected to the Italian Law Notes (as defined below). 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes governed by Italian law (Italian Law Notes) and issued 
by UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit or the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as 
defined below). 
These terms and conditions for the Italian Law Notes (the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes or 
the Conditions) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes (as defined below), which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Coupons, Receipts and 
Talons referred to below. References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a Third 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 7 June 2021 (such Third Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes) and made between UniCredit and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading (i) on a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) 
the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or 
modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless 
otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
231 
Note or to the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest 
payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt 
Notes in definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean 
the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (i) are available for inspection or collection by 
Noteholders upon reasonable request during normal business hours at the principal office for the time being of the 
Principal Paying Agent being at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and the other 
Paying Agents (such Agents being together referred to as the Agents) and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
S.A. (the Luxembourg Listing Agent), or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior 
written request to the Agents or the Luxembourg Listing Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the relevant Agent or the Luxembourg Listing Agent, as the case may be), as long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity unless the regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange require otherwise. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive 
Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset 
Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note (each as hereinafter 
defined), or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
232 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note and a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Extendible Note, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable). 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Subordinated Note or a Non-Preferred Senior Note, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes. The Issuer and the Paying Agents 
will (except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise required by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or a public official authority) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of the Notes issued in NGN form, such additional or 
alternative clearing system must also be authorised to hold such Notes as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES  
This Condition 2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior and being Senior 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable 
law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior 
Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by 
law to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer present and future 
and, in the case of the Senior Notes, pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Senior Note.

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
233 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NON-PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred 
Senior and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, 
as defined under Article 12-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 of the 
Republic of Italy, as amended (the Italian Banking Act). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking junior to Senior 
Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, pari passu without any 
preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of 
UniCredit, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as amended 
from time to time. 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES  
This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated and 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. 
Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in 
accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, and Article 63 of the 
Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms) and any relative Receipts and Coupons 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of UniCredit and rank after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of UniCredit and after all creditors of UniCredit holding instruments which are less 
subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes but at least pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of UniCredit which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes and in 
priority to the claims of shareholders of UniCredit. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by UniCredit in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise, in respect of such Subordinated Note.  
In these Conditions: 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant situation, 
the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other authority having 
primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of UniCredit or the Group and/or, as 
the context may require, the “resolution authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD 
and/or SRM Regulation.

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
234 
Relevant Regulations has the meaning attributed to that term in Condition 10.6. 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5. 
STATUS OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES 
This Condition 5 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
Additional Tier 1 and intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated indebtedness 
of the Issuer, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments and any 
instruments issued as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or guarantee in respect of any such instruments 
(other than any instrument or contractual right ranking, or expressed to rank, pari passu with 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any Additional Tier 
1 Capital instruments or any other instruments or obligations which rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes or, in each case, any guarantee in respect of 
such instruments; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(A) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares 
and azioni di risparmio; 
(B) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued under Article 2346 
of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any securities issued by a subsidiary which have the 
benefit of a guarantee or similar instrument from the Issuer, 
which securities (in the case of (B)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in the case of 
(B)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims described under 
paragraphs (A) and (B) above and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Each holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Additional Tier 1 Note.  
In these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Relevant Regulations. 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
235 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
whether a different interest basis applies.  
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), any applicable Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods or (ii) as a different 
Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Interest Periods. 
In respect of Notes which are denominated in Renminbi, if the Business Day Convention is specified as 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, or if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of (i) Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) Notes represented by a Global Note where the 
applicable Final Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply, interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
236 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (I) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates that would normally occur 
in one calendar year;  
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(d) 
if "Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
whenever it is necessary to compute any amount of accrued interest in respect of the Notes for 
a period of less than one full year, other than in respect of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, such interest will be calculated on the basis of the Actual number of days in the period 
and a year of 365 days; and 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s).

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
237 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
RMB Settlement Centre, means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be 
deemed to be Hong Kong; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating 
amounts of interest in Condition 6.1. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of 
Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(ii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 6.2(ii) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches the 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
238 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin, subject to Condition 6.2(ii); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means either (i) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified Currency 
is euro, SOFR if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollar or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the 
Specified Currency is not euro or U.S. dollar; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2(iii), 
either:  
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly 
or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
239 
applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6.2(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, 
subject to Condition 6.2(ii). 
(iii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided in Condition 
6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) 
or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2, Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer. 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates  
This Condition 6.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes only. The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and 
inflation linked rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes, or, as appropriate, Inflation Linked

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
240 
Interest Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest (applicable to Floating Rate Notes only), the party who will calculate the amount 
of interest due if it is not the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final 
Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls in the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified as: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.3(a)(ii) the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis: or  
(B) 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(C) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(E) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
241 
(ii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars 
or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), 
respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 
System) is open. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be 
deemed to be Hong Kong. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. It may be specified in the Final Terms that the Rate 
of Interest is multiplied by a factor. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which 
can be positive or negative. For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), ISDA Rate for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SOFR and CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) below, be either: 
(A) 
the rate or offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the London 
interbank offered rate (LIBOR) or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the 
Canadian Dollar offered rate (CAD-BA-CDOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
242 
(London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 10:00 a.m. 
(Toronto time, in the case of CAD-BA-CDOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or 
negative, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such rates or offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
rates or offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no rate or offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
fewer than three such rates or offered quotations appears, in each case as at the Specified Time, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its bid rate or offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with bid rates or offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the bid rates or offered quotations plus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a bid rate or offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, for Canadian Dollar 
bankers acceptances for a period of the applicable Interest Period in an amount representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto 
time), or (b) at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with bid rates or offered rates, the bid rate or offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the bid rates or offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, for 
Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances in an amount representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time), or (b) to leading 
banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre 
(if any other Reference Rate is used) plus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or 
negative, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). Unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (or for each 
Interest Accrual Period, when Calculation Method is specified as Compounded SOFR with

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
243 
Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms), subject as provided below and subject to 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), will be the Compounded SOFR for such Interest 
Period (or Interest Accrual Period, as applicable) plus the Margin (if any, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), which can be positive or negative, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Rate of Interest applicable for an Interest Period will be determined on the applicable SOFR 
Interest Determination Date, provided that, if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Accrual Period will be determined on the applicable Interest Accrual Period End 
Date, provided further that, in such case the Rate of Interest for the final Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined on the Rate Cut-off Date. 
The Interest Amount for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as set 
out in Condition 6.3(f) above provided that if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
calculations shall be made in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, rather than each Interest 
Period. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Compounded SOFR means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Lookback", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi-yUSBD×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFRi-yUSBD, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that is "y" (the Lookback Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
that day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such U.S.

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
244 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as "y", 
and which shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
without the prior consent of the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that day 
"i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1").  
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period 
to, but excluding, the date that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days so specified and preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
(C) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with Payment 
Delay", with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, subject as provided below, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001:

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
245 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that 
day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Interest Accrual Period means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, from, and including, an Interest Accrual Period End Date 
(or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date) to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, such redemption date). 
Interest Accrual Period End Dates means the dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any 
earlier redemption date, such redemption date. 
Interest Payment Date means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date. 
Rate Cut-Off Date means the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For the purposes of calculating 
Compounded SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR 
for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including 
the Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date.  
(D) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR Index with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period the rate computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541 
per cent. (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654 per cent. (or .0987654) and 
9.876545 per cent. (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655 per cent. (or 
.0987655)):

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
246 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× 360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
 
where: 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(1) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the New York Fed's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR 
Determination Time); provided that: 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(i)  if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined below) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to the "SOFR Index Unavailable" provisions below; or 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two, or such other 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; and  
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd. 
 
SOFR Index Unavailable means, if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated SOFR Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined below) 
have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR means, for the 
applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a 
daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New York 
Fed's 
Website 
at 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-
information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced 
with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall 
be removed. If the daily SOFR (SOFRi) does not so appear for any day, i in the 
Observation Period, SOFRi for such day i shall be SOFR published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Fed's Website. 
 
As used in this Condition 6.3(b)(iii):

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
247 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
Each calculation of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent 
will (in absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer may appoint a different calculation agent from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without notifying the Noteholders. If a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred under 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Issuer shall then appoint a designee 
to act as calculation agent unless the Calculation Agent agrees to continue to act as 
Calcultion Agent, and any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or its designee in connection with Compounded SOFR shall be subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.4(2). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Issuer will provide notice to the Agents and Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 of any determination, decision or election made by the Issuer or its 
designee in connection with the Compounded SOFR, including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment. 
Subject to Condition 6.4(2), in the case of Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the Interest Amount due to be paid on 
each relevant Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date, as applicable, no later than 
11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following each 
relevant SOFR Interest Determination Date, Interest Accrual Period End Date or Rate 
Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Definitions 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the SOFR Administrator. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.  
SOFR, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the New York Fed's Website at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such 
term is defined below under Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) have 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the New York Fed's Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions 
described, and as defined, below under Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) have occurred.

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
248 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); and 
SOFR Interest Determination Date for Compounded SOFR with Lookback, Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period 
Shift means the day that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(B) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate 
(C) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 
or 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Leverage x [(Min (CMS Rate 1; Cap – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin 
(D) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Leverage x Min [Max (CMS Rate + Margin; Floor); Cap] 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(iv): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, as published on Reuters Page 
ICESWAP2, Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00 AM CET or the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
249 
available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on any Interest Determination Date 
less than three or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different specified Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the specified Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the specified Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2 shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular Designated Maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Cap means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Floor means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Leverage means a percentage number as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Margin means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading 
swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London interbank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York 
City inter-bank market, (iv) where the Reference Currency is Canadian Dollars, the principal Toronto 
office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), or (v) in 
the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or 
one of its affiliates; 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six 
months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a 
designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
250 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; and 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, for each 
Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the Final Terms, 
on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*YoY Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, designated as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of Condition 6.3(d) shall apply as 
appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Index Factor has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index Factor is 
specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex 1 to this Base Prospectus (CPI or 
HICP) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inflation Index (t) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
Inflation Index (t-1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls;  
Margin has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
YoY Inflation (t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), the value 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
ቈ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡−1) −1቉ 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
251 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(a) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(b) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.1 or this Condition 6.3, each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option 
having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, in definitive

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
252 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding.  
Calculation Agent means the entity designated for such purpose as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where:

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
253 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (I) that 
day is the last day of February or (II) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (I) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (II) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the CalculationAgent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
if applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if applicable), one of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated as if 
Linear Interpolation were not applicable.

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
254 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 6.3(h) does not apply to Notes linked to SOFR.  
Subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the latest on the first London Business Day of each 
Interest Period, the Issuer and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (or listing 
agent as the case may be) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this Condition 6.3(h), the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.3 by the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.4 
Reference Rate Replacement 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes. 
(1) 
Reset Notes and Screen Rate Determination (in the latter case for Notes not linked to SOFR) 
If: (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined or, in the case of Reset Notes, Reset Reference Rate Replacement is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (ii) notwithstanding the other provisions of Condition 
6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination and the other provisions of Section 6.2(iii) for Reset Notes,  
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes (other 
than to Notes linked to SOFR): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours:(A) to determine a Successor Reference Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate 
and an Adjustment Spread (if any), appoint an Independent Adviser to determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, and for all other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4 during any other future Interest Period(s));

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
255 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Reference Rate and the Independent Adviser is 
unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no 
later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, and for all 
other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6.4 during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s), as applicable). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant 
and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 6.4: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as 
applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.4); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4); 
or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.4); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(i) changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Additional Business 
Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date as the case may be. 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the 
Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(ii) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) (each of the

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
256 
changes described above a Benchmark Amendment and, together, the 
Benchmark Amendments), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, 
as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4); and 
(iv) 
following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall notify promptly 
(but in any event no later than the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date) of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 6.4(iii)(C) the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 6.4 or such 
other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 6.4(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents 
or the taking of other steps by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6.4 prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2(iii) or Condition 6.3(b), as applicable. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, if (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and (ii) notwithstanding the other 
provisions of Condition 6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination, the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this 
Conditions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection: 
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error on Noteholders and any other party; 
(2) 
will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion, as applicable; and 
(3) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4(2): 
Benchmark means, initially, the Compounded SOFR, determined in accordance with the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Rate of Interest (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date.

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
257 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any replacement rate, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such replacement rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its 
designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the replacement rate exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
258 
(2) 
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(3) 
Disapplication of Reference Rate Replacement 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4: (i) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6.4, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
satisfying the MREL or TLAC Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital for 
regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
Additional Tier 1 Capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the 
case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6.4, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Competent Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant Resolution Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of Condition 6.4(1) and this Condition 6.4(3): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
259 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: (i) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (iii) if no such customary market usage 
is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its 
discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods or 
Reset Periods, as applicable, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Reference Rate or a Reset Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date on or prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, where applicable, such period of time has lapsed, 
and provided further that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes, in each case by a specific date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
260 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or other rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation 
of Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a reference rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate: (i) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate and (ii) that is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6.5 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 6.5 or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 6.5, each Inflation Linked 
Interest Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any Hedging Party will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other Hedging Party); 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any due date 
for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date is relevant, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation Index, that 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such Inflation Index (the 
Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
261 
determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to 
the Cut-Off Date; 
Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and 
issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates 
and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, 
with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next 
longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) above is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, 
the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a 
coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond 
maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same 
basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the 
time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged); 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any other party providing 
the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as the Issuer may 
select at such time; 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
Inflation Index means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation 
Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is reported as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is published or announced, 
except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the 
Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level is reported; 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then, for any 
Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
262 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in 
the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond; and 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above; 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(iii) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Condition 6.5. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month.

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
263 
(b) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 6.5(b)(v)), a 
successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have 
been determined under Condition 6.5(b)(ii), 6.5(b)(iii) or 6.5(b)(iv); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.5(b)(i), and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
6.5(b)(i) or 6.5(b)(ii), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  
If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five responses, three 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be 
deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are received and 
two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will 
be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are 
received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 6.5(b)(iii), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
6.5(b)(iv); 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Condition 6.5(b)(i), 6.5(b)(ii) or 6.5(b)(iii) by the next occurring Cut-
Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Issuer shall 
redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes, each Inflation Linked Interest Note being redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount.  
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
264 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Business Days 
prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days of publication, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the 
Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes as it 
determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
(g) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
(i) 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation 
Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not 
make any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels 
at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date 
or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in 
the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to 
advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not 
making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
265 
The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to 
act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to 
the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor 
its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will 
obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from publicly available 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) 
is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of 
information concerning the Inflation Index.  
6.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 6.3 shall, 
save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to 
Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes 
and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Dual Currency Note 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference 
to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Dual Currency Interest Notes 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7. 
INTEREST AND INTEREST CANCELLATION IN RESPECT OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 
NOTES 
This Condition 7 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 6 to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 7. 
7.1 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited 
period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date.  
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) the 
prohibition to make payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment 
restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Relevant Regulations, before the Maximum

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
266 
Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer 
(excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then current 
financial year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding 
any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as 
applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Relevant 
Regulations (or, if different, any provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the 
CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s)) and the amount of any write-up (if 
applicable), would, if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the Competent 
Authority. 
As set out in Condition 8.1, if a Contingency Event occurs, accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the Write-Down Effective Date shall be cancelled. 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must be given to the Noteholders 
(in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as possible, but not 
more than 60 calendar days, prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Such notice shall specify the 
amount of the relevant cancellation. Any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. In the absence of any notice 
of cancellation being given, the fact of non-payment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Interest Amount 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be evidence of the Issuer having elected or being required to 
cancel such distributions payment in whole or in part, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the cancellation of any Interest Amounts in accordance with this Condition 
7.1 or Condition 8.1 shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer and (ii) interest 
on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to 
pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and claims in respect of 
such amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor shall any 
Noteholder be entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. 
As used in these Conditions Distributable Items means, subject as otherwise defined in the Relevant Regulations 
from time to time: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer’s profits at the end of the financial year immediately preceding 
the financial year in which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of Own Funds 
instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 instruments or any such distributions which have already been provided for, by way 
of deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, profits which are non-distributable pursuant to 
applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from time to time and 
sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the by-
laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with respect to the specific category of Own 
Funds Instruments to which applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the 
Issuer relates,

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
267 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the Issuer’s non-consolidated accounts. 
7.2 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is prohibited from paying interest 
on any Interest Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making 
distributions or any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, or junior to, 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 instruments). 
7.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Subject to Condition 7.1 and Condition 9, the amount of interest payable in respect of an Additional Tier 
1 Note for any period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes)) or the Calculation Agent (in the case of Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes) by: 
(a) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Note; 
(b) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(c) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent. being rounded upwards). 
7.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 7.1, in the event that a Write-Down occurs during an Interest Period, any accrued 
and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.1(c) and the Interest Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.3(f), provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if the Interest Period 
started on, and included, the Write-Down Effective Date. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 7.1, in the event that a Write-Up occurs during an Interest Period, the Interest 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded 
upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount before such 
Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but 
excluded, the date of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-
Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, 
the date of such Write-Up). 
As used in these Conditions: 
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum distributable amount relating to the 
Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the 
CRD IV Directive and/or any other Relevant Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law transposing 
or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other Relevant Regulation(s)) if the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group is failing to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers relating to such 
requirements (including, without limitation, the maximum distributable amount (MDA) required to be 
calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum distributable amount 
related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) required to be

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
268 
calculated in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD and the maximum distributable amount related 
to the leverage ratio (L-MDA) required to be calculated in accordance with Art. 141b of the CRD IV 
Directive), in each case if a corresponding payment restriction provision is applicable to the Issuer or the 
UniCredit Group (as the case may be) at that point in time; 
Maximum Write-Up Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3; 
Own Funds has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the Relevant 
Regulations; 
Prevailing Principal Amount in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note on any date, means the Initial 
Principal Amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one or more occasions) 
pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to time (on one or more occasions) pursuant to a 
Write-Up in each case on or prior to such date; 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations; 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations; 
Write-Down has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Down Amount has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Down Effective Date has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Up has the meaning given to such term in Conditions 8.3;  
Write-Up Notice has the meaning given to such term in Conditions 8.3; and 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument means an instrument (other than the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, any member of the UniCredit Group, 
and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the UniCredit Group that, as 
at the time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal amount lower than the 
principal amount that it was issued with due to a write-down. 
8. 
LOSS ABSORPTION AND REINSTATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
This Condition 8 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 6 to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 8. 
8.1 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falls below 5.125 per cent. (an 
Issuer Contingency Event) or the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falls 
below 5.125 per cent. (a Group Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum trigger event 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant 
Regulations (excluding any guidelines or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group (each, a Contingency Event), the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the relevant Contingency 
Event;

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
269 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)), the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents 
(provided that failure or delay in delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute 
a default for any purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, 
any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; 
and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent 
Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down and Written Down 
being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 8.1(c) would cure 
the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any event and any increase in 
the CET1 Ratio as a result of such cancellation shall be disregarded for the purpose of calculating the 
relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such Contingency Event.  
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by 
the Competent Authority and subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-
Down of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-
down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the 
extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of 
the amount of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments, required to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written 
Down on more than one occasion. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice means a notice which specifies that a Contingency Event has occurred, 
the Write-Down Amount (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount resulting in a pro rata decrease 
in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note), including the method of calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount, and the date on which the Write-Down will take effect (the Write-Down 
Effective Date). Any Loss Absorption Event Notice delivered to the Principal Paying Agent must be 
accompanied by a certificate signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the Contingency Event 
has occurred and setting out the method of calculation of the relevant Write-Down Amount. The Principal 
Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect. 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
outstanding Additional Tier 1 Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-Down Effective 
Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
270 
off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) 
would be sufficient to cure the Contingency Event; or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of the 
other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing 
Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency Event, or the Contingency Event is 
not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount to 
the sub-unit of the Specified Currency. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Competent Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of any such write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not prejudice the requirement to effect the Write-Down of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.1; and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not be taken into account in calculating the Write Down Amount 
in respect of such Write-Down. For the avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion 
into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into account in the calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount to the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument 
can actually be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant 
circumstances within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent Authority may require) from 
the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred.  
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down Amount, there are outstanding 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-
off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only (Full Loss Absorbing Instruments) 
then:  
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be effected pro rata 
with the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of 
any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Additional Tier 1 
Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit floor) simply by virtue of the 
fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted in full; and  
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments 
will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be 
deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each 
case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent necessary to cure the 
relevant Contingency Event; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, with the effect of increasing 
the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s, as the case may be, CET1 Ratio above the minimum 
required level under (a) above.

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
271 
8.2 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument (in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding (other than the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, 
in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the giving of such Loss Absorption Event Notice. 
8.3 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are recorded at any time while the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial Principal Amount, 
the Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when 
the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, 
in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any 
provision of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional 
Tier 1 Note (a Write-Up) up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the 
other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have terms 
permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in this Condition 8.3 in the 
circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up (based on their Initial Principal Amounts), 
provided that the sum of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated 
with the aggregate amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Income); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes that were paid on 
the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time 
after the end of the previous financial year, 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is 
lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Maximum Write-Up Amount means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Consolidated Net Income, 
the Consolidated Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the UniCredit Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital 
of the UniCredit Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
272 
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Net Income, the Net Income 
multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer as at the date of the relevant 
Write-Up. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of 
the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in this 
Condition 8.3 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this Condition 8.3 until the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal 
Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments) would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 8.3 on any 
occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion 
pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.3, it shall 
deliver a notice (a Write-Up Notice) specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the 
Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Principal Paying 
Agent. Such Write-Up Notice shall be given at least ten Business Days prior to the date on which the 
relevant Write-Up becomes effective.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, at any time, has the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable transitional 
provisions under the Relevant Regulations; 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio means, at any time, the ratio of the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, divided by the Risk Weighted Assets 
of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group (as applicable) at such time, calculated by the Issuer or the 
Competent Authority in accordance with the Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable 
transitional provisions under the Relevant Regulations; 
Consolidated Net Income means the consolidated net income of the UniCredit Group, as calculated and 
set out in the most recent published audited annual consolidated accounts of the UniCredit Group, as 
approved by the Issuer; 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
(other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or 
write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of 
the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the

--- Page 273 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
273 
Issuer falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the 
Relevant Regulations applicable to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
or a Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on 
a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the principal amount of such instrument (in 
each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of 
the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling below a level that is 
equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
UniCredit Group, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or 
with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) 
satisfied; 
Group Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Initial Principal Amount means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note, or as the case may be, a 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note or 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as at the Issue Date or the issue date of the Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as applicable; 
Issuer Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument and/or a Prior Loss Absorbing 
Instrument, as applicable. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Net Income means the non-consolidated net income of the Issuer as calculated and set out in the last 
audited annual accounts of the Issuer, as approved by the Issuer; 
Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares of the Issuer; 
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means; 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or 
temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such instrument 
(in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below a level that is higher than 
5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
Issuer; and

--- Page 274 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
274 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time: (i) any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
or any Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether 
on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the principal amount of such instrument 
(in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling below a level that is 
higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
UniCredit Group; and (ii) any instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included 
in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and irrespective of 
whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by any Group Entity which contains 
provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) or conversion of the principal amount of such 
instrument on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of that 
Group Entity, or of a group within the prudential consolidation of such Group Entity pursuant 
to Chapter 2 of Title II of Part One of the CRD IV Regulation other than the UniCredit Group, 
falling below the level specified in such instrument at the date on which the relevant Group 
Contingency Event first occurred, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or 
with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) 
satisfied; 
Relevant Net Income means the lowest of the Net Income and the Consolidated Net Income; 
Risk Weighted Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk weighted assets of the Issuer 
or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable transitional provisions under the Relevant 
Regulations. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
9.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively);  
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account denominated in Renminbi 
and maintained by the payee with a bank in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s).

--- Page 275 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
275 
9.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11, and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9.3 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 9.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in 
each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save 
as provided in Condition 9.5) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 11 in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 12) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Note. 
9.4 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made.

--- Page 276 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
276 
9.5 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final instalment, 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 9.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant 
Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 9.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note 
to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.   
9.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 9.6, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
9.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 12) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and

--- Page 277 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
277 
(ii) 
in any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars New Zealand dollars or Renminbi, shall be Sydney, Auckland and the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
9.8 
RMB Currency Event 
If “RMB Currency Event” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, and if by reason of a RMB Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, the Issuer is not able to pay any amount in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon, the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes shall 
be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate 
for the relevant Determination Date. 
The Issuer shall give not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice (prior to the date of payment) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency 
Event, giving details thereof. 
For the purpose of this Condition 9 and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency; 
Determination Date means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date of 
the relevant payment under the Notes; 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s); 
Mainland China means the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan); 
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) becomes illiquid and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order 
to satisfy its obligation to pay any amount in respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign 
exchange dealers of international repute active in the RMB exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s);

--- Page 278 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
278 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB on any payment date at the general RMB 
exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver RMB, (A) between accounts inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), (B) from an account 
inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) and outside Mainland China (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended), (C) from an 
account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) and outside Mainland China to an account inside 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and 
it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the Relevant 
Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the Relevant Valuation Time on the Determination Date by reference to 
the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Issuer shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Issuer deems relevant, including pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic 
foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this by 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (as applicable), will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and all holders of the Notes. 
9.9 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 11; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 10.7); 
and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 11. 
Any reference in these Conditions to payment of any sums in respect of the Notes (including, in respect 
of Index Linked Notes and other structured Notes) shall be deemed to include, as applicable, delivery of 
any relevant Reference Asset (as defined in Condition 10.13 if so provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and references to “paid” and “payable” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 279 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
279 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Redemption at maturity 
This Condition 10.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (i) at 
par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency or (ii) at its Final Redemption Amount, in case of Exempt Notes, which is such 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency. 
10.2 
No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 10.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Additional 
Tier 1 Notes.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be redeemed otherwise than in accordance with this Condition 10.2. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will mature on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer, (b) 
any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-laws at 
31 December 2100), or (c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or 
administrative authority. Upon maturity, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become due and payable at an 
amount equal to their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to the 
extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.1) up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, 
and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11. 
10.3 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 10.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the provisions of Condition 10.15 and, in the case 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 10.16) in whole or in 
part (to the extent permitted by the then applicable Relevant Regulations), at any time (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Tax Event has occurred provided that no such notice 
of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified 
office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the 
said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.7 or, in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Tax Event means:

--- Page 280 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
280 
(a) In the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes only, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for the Tax Jurisdiction purposes is reduced, or the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to the laws, regulations or rulings of, or 
applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11), or any political subdivision or any 
authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation or administration of such laws, regulations or rulings: 
(i) which change or amendment: 
(A) 
becomes effective after the Issue Date; 
(B) 
in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent required by the then applicable 
Relevant Regulations, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date; 
(C) 
is evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that interest payable by the 
Issuer in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is no longer, or will no longer be, 
deductible for income tax purposes of the Tax Jurisdiction or such deductibility is 
materially reduced, or that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts, as the case may be, and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail; and  
(ii) which obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
(b) in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes (i) on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
11, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or 
applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11) or any political subdivision of, or any 
authority in, or of, a Tax Jurisdiction having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case 
of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, if and to the extent then required under the then applicable Relevant Regulations, any 
such change or amendment is, to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority, material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes; and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 10.3 are provided, nor shall it be 
required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are 
inaccurate or incorrect.  
10.4 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 10.4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 281 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
281 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 10.15), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note 
or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if (a) a Regulatory Event occurs in respect of the Subordinated Notes, or (b) a 
Capital Event occurs in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts 
leading thereto. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 10.4 are provided, nor shall it be 
required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are 
inaccurate or incorrect.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.4, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.4. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.7, or in the case of 
the Additional Tier 1, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions: 
A Capital Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Additional 
Tier 1 Capital of the UniCredit Group or the Issuer (other than as of a consequence of write-down or 
conversion, where applicable) and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant 
Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes; and 
A Regulatory Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Tier 2 Capital 
of the UniCredit Group or the Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by 
the Relevant Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. 
10.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 10.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), such option being referred 
to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 10.5 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption

--- Page 282 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
282 
Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice 
periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 10.15 and, in the case of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 10.16), having given not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of the Additional Tier 1, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer at the time) 
equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Principal Paying 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption 
Date;

--- Page 283 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
283 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Reference Date quoted in writing to the Principal Paying Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10.5 by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer at the time), shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.5 and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) at least five days prior 
to the Selection Date. 
10.6 
Issuer Call Due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event  
This Condition 10.6 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then any Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10.16) on or after the date specified in a notice published on the Issuer’s 
website be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is neither 
a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual 
Currency Interest Note) on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer determines that 
a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.6, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.7 together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions:  
Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or independent 
of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the

--- Page 284 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
284 
relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group 
Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution 
regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other 
person;  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;  
CRD IV means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRD IV Regulation, and (iii) the Future 
Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 
26, 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Regulation); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD V Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations introduced 
after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer (on a 
solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds 
of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the extent required by (i) the CRD IV Regulation or (ii) the 
CRD IV Directive; 
Group and UniCredit Group means the UniCredit Banking Group, registered with the Register of 
Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Italian Banking Act, under number 
02008.1; 
Group Entity means UniCredit or any legal person that is part of the UniCredit Group; 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements, provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior 
Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL or TLAC Requirements due to the remaining 
maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the

--- Page 285 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
285 
MREL or TLAC Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a 
prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities does not 
constitute a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of 
Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL or TLAC Requirements as a result of 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event; 
MREL or TLAC Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including 
any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or 
the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, 
supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European 
Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
10.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 10.3, Condition 10.4, Condition 10.6 and Condition 13, the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be set: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦

--- Page 286 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
286 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360- day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
10.8 
Extendible Notes 
Notes may be issued with an initial maturity date (the Initial Maturity Date) which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the Noteholders on specified dates (each, an Election Date) up to 
a final maturity date (the Final Maturity Date) as set forth in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement if applicable) (Extendible Notes). To make an election effective on any Election Date, the 
Noteholder must deliver a notice of election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Notice of Election), during the Notice Period for that Election 
Date specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable) in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). Any Notice of Election so given by a Noteholder pursuant to this Condition 10.8 will be 
irrevocable and binding upon that Noteholder. The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable) 
relating to each issue of Extendible Notes will specify the Initial Maturity Date, the Final Maturity Date, 
the Election Date(s) and the applicable Notice Period. 
10.9 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 10.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on 
an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 10 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
10.10 
Purchases  
Subject to Condition 10.16 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Condition 
10.15 in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer or any subsidiary of the 
Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith), including for market making 
purposes, at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be

--- Page 287 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
287 
available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
10.11 
Cancellation  
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer and surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation pursuant to Condition 10.10 (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
10.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 10.1, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 or 10.6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 13 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 10.7(b) as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
10.13 
Index Linked Notes and other Structured Notes 
The Issuer may, as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be entitled to redeem Index Linked 
Notes or other structured Notes, including where the amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes is based on the price, value, performance or some other factor relating to an asset or other 
property (Reference Asset), by physical delivery of all or part of the Reference Asset or of some other 
asset or property (Physically-Settled Notes). 
10.14 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to Article 
1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
10.15 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 or 10.10 or Condition 18 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification or variation in accordance with Condition 18) is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(in each case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the then Relevant Regulations, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to 
time), where either:  
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the

--- Page 288 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
288 
Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such 
time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRD IV Regulation or the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes 
or a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that action on 
the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv)  the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Relevant Regulations.  
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes 
or Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from 
time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by 
the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
instruments or the Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters 
(i) or (ii) of subparagraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
If the Issuer has elected to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Conditions 10.3, 10.4 or 10.5, 
and prior to the relevant redemption date a Contingency Event occurs, the relevant redemption notice 
shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, the Prevailing Principal Amount of 
the Notes will not be due and payable and a Write-Down shall occur as described under Condition 8. 
The Issuer shall not give a redemption notice pursuant to Conditions 10.3, 10.4 or 10.5 in the period 
following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice and prior to the relevant Write Down Effective 
Date. 
10.16 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Any redemption or purchase in accordance with Condition 10.2, 10.5, 10.6 or 10.10 or Condition 18 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 18) 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according 
to the MREL or TLAC Requirements is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL or TLAC Requirements at the relevant time, 
including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRD IV Regulation, where one of the 
following conditions is met:

--- Page 289 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
289 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b)  the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent 
Authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Relevant Regulations for continuing 
authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to time 
under the Relevant Regulations. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments of interest (including any Arrear of Interest and Default Interest) in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that: 
(a) 
(in respect of payments by the Issuer) no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note, Receipt or Coupon for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable 
rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) 
or any related implementing regulations; and 
(b) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid 
such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming 
such day to have been a Payment Day as defined in Condition 9.7; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or

--- Page 290 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
290 
(v) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in the event of 
payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest is paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
authorities; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996, as amended, have not been met or complied with, except 
where such requirements and procedures have not been met or complied with 
due to the actions or omissions of UniCredit or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes that are not qualified as bonds or similar securities where 
such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983, as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time 
to time; or 
(viii) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(ix) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(A) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of interest on the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons; and 
(B) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under this Condition 11 or under any obligation 
undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 11) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 12 or Condition 9.3 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 9.3.

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
291 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
13.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 13.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
With respect to any Senior Note or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the Issuer shall become subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 of 
the Republic of Italy, as amended from time to time (the Event of Default for the Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes), then any holder of a Senior Note or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, 
by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. No Event of Default for 
the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria 
imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for any purpose). 
13.2 
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 13.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
With respect to any Subordinated Note and Additional Tier 1 Note, if the Issuer shall become subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 of 
the Republic of Italy, as amended from time to time (the Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes 
and Additional Tier 1 Notes), then any holder of a Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Note may, 
by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 
1 Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable as its Early Redemption Amount or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, together with accrued interest (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, to 
the extent that such interest is not cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. No Event of Default for 
the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria 
imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes for any purpose). 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that:

--- Page 292 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
292 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent), having a 
specified office in a Member State of the European Union other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange, the competent authority or other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 9.6. Except as provided in the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes, any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Agents act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
16. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 12. 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any 
other stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Issuer has made application for the Notes 
to be listed or admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for publication as provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes, and (if and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. In addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on any other stock exchange (where the Issuer has made application) or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published as may be required by those rules. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a

--- Page 293 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
293 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
18. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes contains provisions for convening meetings, including 
by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes (including (i) modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, (ii) reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes (in case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, except as provided by the Conditions), 
or (iii) altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.  
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the relevant 
provisions for meeting of Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (the 
Provisions for Meeting of Noteholders) which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The 
Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the 
terms of the Provisions for Meeting of Noteholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of the provisions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, 
or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default for the Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or any Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes 
and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, or potential Event of Default for the Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or potential Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it 
is not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so 
to do; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.   
In addition, (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event occurs, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory 
Event occurs, (iii) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, if at any time a Capital Event occurs, or (iv) in 
the case of all Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, then the 
Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of

--- Page 294 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
294 
that Series), and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent and the 
holders of the Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable, except that, if a Contingency Event 
occurs in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the relevant notice shall be automatically rescinded and 
shall be of no force and effect and a Write-Down shall occur as described under Condition 8), at any time 
vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 
Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied securities. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and they shall also 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements 
for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements; 
(B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the date of variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings 
as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless 
any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or 
the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to 
any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately 
prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by 
the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) comply with 
the then-current requirements of the Relevant Regulations in relation to Tier 2 Capital, (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E)

--- Page 295 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
295 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of 
variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade 
is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.  
"Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer) than the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, and they shall also (A) contain 
terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the Relevant 
Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group (as 
applicable); (B) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes; (C) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest (which has not been cancelled) in respect of 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of 
variation (but subject always to the right or obligation of the Issuer subsequently to cancel any 
such accrued interest in accordance with the terms of the Notes); and (F) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes by credit agencies 
solicited by the Issuer immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Additional Tier 1 Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any variations of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
the Benchmark Amendments or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 18 is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10.15 (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and 
Condition 10.16 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of Milan are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual

--- Page 296 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
296 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them), and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them) may be brought in such courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall 
be conclusive and binding upon each party and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.  
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
20.3 
Waiver of trial by jury 
Without prejudice to Condition 20.2, each party waives any right it may have to a jury trial of any claim 
or cause of action in connection with the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons. These Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
20.4 
Non-exclusivity 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) 
limit the right of any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
21. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF STATUTORY BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the potential write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or distributions on, the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the conversion of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes into Ordinary Shares or other obligations in connection with the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Competent Authority is separate and distinct from a Write-Down following a Contingency Event 
although these events may occur consecutively. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 21.  
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or an Event of 
Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, and the terms and 
conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the 
terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State.

--- Page 297 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
297 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 298 ---
Use of Proceeds 
298 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
a. 
for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit; or 
b. 
as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to the 
issuance, including to be applied towards Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects, Eligible 
Sustainability Projects or a re-financing of any combination of each of the Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects (Sustainabiity Bonds). 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects, as the case may be, and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria 
and any other criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) and which, prior 
to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor relations section of the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu (the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework) will be classified as Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Eligible Green Projects means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Eligible Social Projects means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Eligible Sustainability Projects means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 299 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
299 
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
1. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
1.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
UniCredit (formerly Unicredito Italiano S.p.A.) and the UniCredit Group of which UniCredit is the parent 
are the result of the October 1998 business combination between the Credito Italiano national commercial 
banking group (established in 1870 with the name Banca di Genova) and UniCredito S.p.A. (at the time 
the holding company owning a controlling interest in Banca CRT (Banca Cassa di Risparmio di Torino 
S.p.A.), CRV (Cassa di Risparmio di Verona Vicenza Belluno e Ancona Banca S.p.A.) and Cassamarca 
(Cassa di Risparmio della Marca Trivigiana S.p.A.). 
Since its formation, the Group has grown in Italy and Eastern Europe through both organic growth and 
acquisitions, consolidating its role in relevant sectors outside Europe and strengthening its international 
network. 
Such expansion has been characterised, in particular: 
• 
by the business combination with HypoVereinsbank, realised through a public tender offer launched 
in summer 2005 by UniCredit to acquire the control over Bayerische Hypo- and Vereinsbank AG 
(HVB) - subsequently renamed UniCredit Bank AG - and its subsidiaries, such as Bank Austria 
Creditanstalt AG, subsequently renamed "UniCredit Bank Austria AG" (BA or Bank Austria). At 
the conclusion of the offer perfected during 2005, UniCredit acquired a shareholding for an amount 
equal to 93.93 per cent. of the registered share capital and voting rights of HVB. On 15 September 
2008, the squeeze-out of HVB's minority shareholders, resolved upon by the bank's shareholders' 
meeting in June 2007, was registered with the Commercial Register of Munich. Therefore, the HVB 
shares held by the minority shareholders - equal to 4.55 per cent. of the share capital of the 
company - were transferred to UniCredit by operation of law and HVB became a UniCredit 
wholly-owned subsidiary. In summer 2005 UniCredit also conducted an exchange offer for the 
acquisition of all shares of BA not held by HVB at the time. At the conclusion of the offer, the 
Group held 94.98 per cent. of the aggregate share capital of BA. In January 2007, UniCredit, which 
at the time held 96.35 per cent. of the aggregate share capital of BA, including a stake equal to 77.53 
per cent. transferred to UniCredit by HVB, resolved to commence the procedures to effect the 
squeeze-out of the minority shareholders of BA. As at the date of this Prospectus, UniCredit's 
interest in BA is equal to 99.996 per cent.; and 
• 
by the business combination with Capitalia S.p.A. (Capitalia), the holding company of the Capitalia 
banking group (the Capitalia Group), realised through a merger by way of incorporation of 
Capitalia into UniCredit effective as of 1 October 2007. 
In 2008 the squeeze outs51 of the ordinary BA and HVB shares held by minority shareholders were 
completed. 
Proceedings as to the adequacy of the squeeze-out price and in relation to the challenge to the relevant 
shareholders' resolutions promoted by certain BA and HVB shareholders are still pending. For more details 
please see section headed “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus. 
UniCredit S.p.A. ordinary shares are listed on the Milan Stock Exchange, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A., on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, segment General Standard, and on the Warsaw Stock 
Exchange52. In this regard, it should be noted that, further to the disposal of the controlling equity interest 
                                                     
51  
The squeeze out is the process whereby a pool of shareholders owning at a certain amount of a listed company's shares (in Germany 95 
per cent, and in Austria 90 per cent.) exercises its right to "squeeze out" the remaining minority of shareholders from the company 
paying them an adequate compensation. 
52  
Further to the disposal of the controlling equity interest in Bank Pekao in June 2017, according to the Polish Law and after discussions 
with the relevant Authorities, the UniCredit Shareholders' Meeting (held in Milan on 11 April 2019) authorized the Board of Directors 
to purchase and dispose of a maximum number of UniCredit ordinary shares to be carried out within 18 (eighteen) months from the

--- Page 300 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
300 
in Bank Pekao in 2017, UniCredit has initiated the procedure aimed at obtaining the delisting of the 
UniCredit shares from the trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (so called "delisting"). According to the 
local Law and after discussions with the relevant Authorities, the UniCredit Shareholders' Meeting held on 
11 April 2019 authorized the Board of Directors to purchase and dispose of a maximum number of 
UniCredit ordinary shares to be carried out within 18 months from the date of the Shareholders' resolution. 
On 11 October 2020 such authorisation lapsed. UniCredit confirmed its intention to delist from the Warsaw 
Stock Exchange; timing of the procedure will be defined also based on the macro-economic and market 
conditions. A new authorisation to the Board of Directors to purchase and dispose of a maximum number 
of UniCredit ordinary shares, to be carried out within 18 months from the date of the Shareholders' 
resolution, has been resolved by the 15 April 2021 Shareholders’ Meeting. 
**** 
Recent Developments 
• On 11 May 2021, UniCredit announces, in execution of the authorisation granted by the Shareholders' 
Meeting of the Company held on 15 April 2021, that it has defined and approved the measures for the 
execution of the SBB programme for a maximum amount of Euro 178,688,534.90 and for a number of 
UniCredit ordinary shares not exceeding 30,000,000 (the First Buy-Back Programme 2021). As already 
disclosed to the market on 15 April 2021, the First Buy-Back Programme 2021 has been already 
authorised by the ECB on 12 April 2021. 
The First Buy-Back Programme 2021 is aimed at the FY20 ordinary shareholders remuneration, in 
accordance with the policy approved by the Board of Directors on 10 February 2021 and coherently with 
the ECB recommendation issued in December 2020 (the ECB Recommendation). In February 2021, 
the Board of Directors, applying the measures provided in the ECB Recommendation, resolved to 
allocate to shareholders' remuneration 15 per cent. of the consolidated net profits accumulated in FY19 
and FY20, adjusted to include the prescriptions of the ECB Recommendation. 
In the context of this programme, the Issuer has started the buy-back activities which will be periodically 
disclosed to the public through specific press releases available on its website. 
• On 12 May 2021, UniCredit has announced a new organisational structure and a new management team 
to drive the business effectively and deliver its new strategic plan during H2 2021. This new structure 
creates a simplified organisation that will enable greater accountability across all businesses and areas.  
It ensures UniCredit clients remain at the heart of everything that UniCredit does, further integrates 
technology and digitalisation as a key driver of our future success and provides clarity on key roles and 
responsibilities. 
In summary, UniCredit has announced that it:  
• 
creates a new Group Executive Committee (GEC) of fifteen people to replace the former 
Executive Management Committee of twenty-seven, increasing ownership and accountability; 
• 
removes a layer of management, minimising co-Heads of businesses and functions and creates a 
more cohesive partnership; 
• 
empowers country CEOs to better manage their geographies in delivering best practice and 
synergies across all business lines. Italy, Germany, Central Europe and Eastern Europe will now 
form the key geographic reporting lines for the Group; 
• 
positions Italy as a standalone geography, reflecting the critical importance of this country to our 
Group, honouring the roots, essence and spirit that underscore the origins of UniCredit; 
• 
puts in place a transversal matrix, positioning Corporate and Investment Banking across all 
geographies to offer our clients a seamless suite of products and services that serve different local 
demands; 
                                                     
date of the Shareholders' resolution in order to initiate the procedure aimed at obtaining the delisting of the UniCredit shares from the 
trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (so called "delisting").

--- Page 301 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
301 
• 
creates a new Digital division that will elevate technology, digitalisation and data to the new GEC, 
ensuring it will be embedded in every strategic deliverable underscoring the critical importance 
of this area to the future of the business; 
• 
launches a widespread simplification exercise across the organisation, starting with UniCredit 
S.p.A., reducing existing committees from 44 to a maximum of 15-20; 
• 
creates a new People & Culture division to expand the remit of the former Human Capital 
function, reflecting the importance of UniCredit people as carriers of UniCredit culture and 
ensuring that the Group can attract, hire and retain best-in-class talent for the long-term benefit of 
UniCredit and its clients; 
• 
creates a CEO office to include Strategy & Optimisation, and the newly created function of 
Stakeholder Engagement. Both functions will be part of the GEC. 
• 
On 14 May 2021, UniCredit has announced to have received from the Single Resolution Board and Bank 
of Italy the updated decision on MREL: this supersedes the previous one communicated in December 
2019, which set the MREL equal to 10.67 per cent. of Total Liabilities and Own Funds (TLOF) and 
applicable from 30 June 2022. 
From 1 January 2022, UniCredit S.p.A. shall comply, on a consolidated basis, with an intermediate 
MREL equal to the maximum between 20.73 per cent. of RWA – plus the Combined Buffer Requirement 
(CBR) applicable at that point in time - and a 5.90 per cent. Of Leverage Ratio Exposures (LRE). 
From 1 January 2024, the consolidated MREL will become "fully loaded" and will be set equal to the 
maximum between 21.40 per cent. RWA – plus the applicable CBR – and 5.90 per cent. LRE. 
Starting from 1 January 2022, UniCredit S.p.A. will also have to comply with a subordinated MREL, i.e. 
to be met with subordinated instruments, equal to the maximum between 11.79 per cent. RWA – plus the 
applicable CBR – and 5.68 per cent. LRE. Both these amounts already take into account the "senior 
allowance", i.e. the possibility to meet part of the subordinated requirement with senior (non-
subordinated) instruments. 
All these requirements shall be met with consolidated Own Funds plus Eligible Liabilities issued by 
UniCredit S.p.A. only. 
1.1.1. 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is "UniCredit, società per azioni", in short "UniCredit 
S.p.A.". 
1.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number and legal entity identifier ('LEI') 
UniCredit is registered with the Company Register of Milano Monza Brianza Lodi under registration 
number 00348170101. UniCredit is also registered with the National Register of Banks; it is the parent 
company of the UniCredit Group registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the 
Italian Banking Act) under number 02008.1; and it is a member of the National Interbank Deposit Fund 
(Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi) and of the National Compensation Fund (Fondo Nazionale 
di Garanzia). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 549300TRUWO2CD2G5692. 
1.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer, except where the period is indefinite 
UniCredit is a joint stock company established in Genoa, Italy, by way of a private deed dated 28 April 
1870 with a duration until 31 December 2100.

--- Page 302 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
302 
1.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer 
UniCredit S.p.A. is a joint stock company established in Italy and operating under Italian law. The 
Registered and Head Offices of the Issuer are located in Milan, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 – Tower A. 
UniCredit's telephone number is +39 02 88 621, and UniCredit's website is www.unicreditgroup.eu. The 
information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
UniCredit, in carrying out its banking activities, is subject to the supervisory power of the ECB and to 
the Italian and European legislation and regulation, as well as to the provisions on anti-money 
laundering, transparency and fairness in customer relations, usury, consumer protection, labour law, 
safety at the workplace and privacy laws. 
BRRD and SRMR  
With regard to the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer, it is noted the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014, implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree 180 
and 181 of 16 November 2015 (BRRD). 
The Issuer is also subject to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, SRM Regulation or SRMR) which 
sets out uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms 
under the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) and the Single Resolution Fund. The SRM and BRRD 
enable a range of resolution tools and powers to be used in relation to credit institutions and investment 
firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset 
separation tool) or in combination with other resolution tools where the relevant resolution authority 
considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable 
timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business 
of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control); (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem 
assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together 
with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write 
down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt 
claims (including Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes) into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, 
instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, 
and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the general bail-in 
tool). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future application of 
the BRRD.  
In addition, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional 
financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership 
tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the 
BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution 
without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks 
according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an 
injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of 
the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring.

--- Page 303 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
303 
Such instruments and powers, as noted above, include the possibility of applying the "bail-in", i.e. the 
power to reduce, with the possibility of cancellation, the nominal value of shares and the write-down of 
receivables due from the bank with their conversion into shares. The aim of the bail-in is to absorb losses 
and recapitalize the failing bank in order to ensure the continuity of its critical economic functions, 
protecting financial stability and minimizing losses to the taxpayer, while still ensuring that no creditor 
suffers greater losses than if the bank had been liquidated under normal insolvency proceedings. 
In the context of the bail-in, losses may be transferred, following a priority order and net of the exclusions 
provided for by the regulations, to shareholders, holders of subordinated debt securities, holders of senior 
non preferred securities, holders of not subordinated and unsecured debt securities, other unsecured 
creditors and, finally, depositors for the portion exceeding the guaranteed portion, i.e. for the portion 
exceeding Euro 100,000.00 per depositor. 
Furthermore, if the conditions are met, the Authorities may request the use of the Single Resolution Fund 
referred to in the SRMR, financed by contributions paid by banks.  
In the framework of the SRMR and BRRD, as of January 2016, the centralized decision-making power 
for resolution is entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (SRB), whose powers are attributed to the 
latter. In addition, the SRB cooperates closely with the national resolution authorities of Member States 
that are parties to the Banking Union. The national resolution authorities of Member States are 
empowered to implement the resolution programmes adopted by the SRB. In such a context, it is worth 
to mention the process to review - just started by the European Commission – the Crisis Management 
and Deposit Insurance (CMDI) framework. Following this revision, new and different legal and 
regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the activity of the European legislator is 
aimed at amending the BRRD, the SRMR and the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive (DGSD). 
The BRRD introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of 
own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, 
or MREL). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements currently received by the Single Resolution 
Committee and the Bank of Italy on a consolidated basis, which must be achieved by 1 January 2022 (as 
transitional requirement) and complied with at all times from that date, as well as the standard on total 
loss absorbing capacity (TLAC). Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II), amending the BRRD, introduces 
significant changes to the standards regarding the calibration of the MREL requirement for banks that 
are systematically relevant and redefines the scope of MREL itself in order to align the eligibility criteria 
with those set out in the CRR so as to converge this ratio with the TLAC. Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (SRM II Regulation) amends the SRM 
Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit institutions and investment firms. 
CRR and CRD 
The Issuer shall comply with the revised global regulatory standards (Basel III) on bank capital adequacy 
and liquidity. The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking 
requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the CRD IV Directive) and the Regulation 2013/575/EU (the CRR, together with the 
CRD IV Directive, the CRD IV Package) subsequently updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (the Banking Reform Package with CRR II and CRD V). According to 
Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following Own Funds requirements: (i) a 
CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and (iii) a Total Capital ratio 
of 8 per cent. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of the CRD, these minimum ratios are complemented 
by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: Capital conservation buffer, institution-
specific countercyclical capital buffer, Capital buffers for globally systemically important institutions 
(G-SIIs) and Capital buffers for other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs), Systemic risk buffer. 
In October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted regulations establishing the single 
supervisory mechanism (the Single Supervisory Mechanism or SSM) for all banks in the Euro area, 
which have, beginning in November 2014, given the ECB, in conjunction with the national competent 
authorities of the eurozone States, direct supervisory responsibility over “significant banks” in the 
Banking Union as well as their subsidiaries in a participating non-euro area Member State. The ECB has 
fully assumed its new supervisory responsibilities of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group.

--- Page 304 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
304 
On 7 June 2019, the legal acts “Risk Reduction Measures Package” regarding the banking sector have 
been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the 
BRRD and to SRMR, (i) the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(CRR II) amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and (ii) the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (CRD V) amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures. The revisions better align the current regulatory framework to international 
developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions.  
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II will be applicable from 28 June 
2021, excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD 
V shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020, excluding some provisions which will 
be applicable subsequently. The BRRD II and the CRD V are subject to transposition in Italy by means 
of the European Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 22 April 2021. 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded 
the review process of the models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for 
the calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and 
introducing the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on 
the basis of internal models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the 
basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among 
banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. 
The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. Prior to 
becoming binding on the European banking system, the European Commission, which conducted a 
public consultation (closed on 5 January 2020), is assessing the potential impacts on the European 
economy.  
In August, the Commission required the EBA to update its assessment in the light of COVID-19, which 
was published in December 2020. It is therefore expected that the future legislative proposal (CRR III), 
which should incorporate these new standards into EU legislation, will be published in the 3Q2021. Once 
agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in 
the capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the European 
Banking Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, 
shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to increase minimum capital 
requirements (MCR) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital deficit of Euro 124 billion.  
The above-mentioned updated analysis by EBA published in December 2020, show an increase of MCR 
of 18.5 per cent. and a capital deficit of over Euro 52 billion (the December 2019 outcome for a 
comparable sample would have been respectively 24.1 per cent. and Euro 109.5 billion). 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures  
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing exposures within 
adequate levels, worth mentioning are the followings: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all non-performing exposures (NPEs), 
as well as foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning 
non-performing, such as “watch-list” exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the 
guidance, the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self-
assessment of the internal capabilities to effectively manage NPLs; the external conditions and operating 
environment; and the impaired portfolios specifications.

--- Page 305 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
305 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out 
supervisory expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to non-
performing exposures (NPEs) after 1 April 2018 (the ECB Addendum). In addition, the ECB's 
supervisory expectations for individual banks for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 
2018), was set out in its 2018 supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) letters and the ECB will 
discuss any divergences from these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future 
SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential 
provisioning of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the 
adoption of the new EU regulation of that Banking Reform Package which makes further changes to the 
Pillar I treatment for NPEs (in revisions to the Capital Requirements Regulation known as CRR II). 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission’s requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). The above mentioned guidelines result 
in three “buckets” of NPEs based on the date of the exposure’s origination and the date of NPE’s 
classification: 
• 
NPEs classified before 1 April 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in 
paths as communicated in SREP letters; 
• 
NPEs originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable property, 
progressive path to 100 per cent.; 
• 
NPEs originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage buckets 
for unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable property, 
progressive path to 100 per cent.. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published 
by the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four 
policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 31 October 
2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place 
to manage effectively their NPEs and to substantially reduce the presence of NPEs on the balance sheet. 
Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per cent., EBA asked to introduce strategies, 
in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 17 December 
2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform 
disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of information regarding non-
performing exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures where the exposure was originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction 
from own funds where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The 
Regulation purpose is to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. The prudential 
treatment is applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) 
exposures secured by immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection 
provider as defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured 
exposures, from the seventh year after the classification as NPE. The Regulation outlines the convergence 
process to its full application to secured and unsecured exposures classified as NPEs for less than 3/7/9 
years. 
Proposal for a Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral 
(COM/2018/0135): the proposal is aimed to achieve (a) a better management of NPLs by increasing the 
efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated 
extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE); (ii) the development of secondary markets for

--- Page 306 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
306 
NPLs in the EU’s markets standardising the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. 
The first part of the proposal is expected to be finalized in 2Q2021, the AECE part is put on hold. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA on 23 
October 2019: the Opinion recommends to adapt the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the Commission, EBA outlines the fact that the securitisations 
can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger rate than 
otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations’ structure in tranches 
of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse investor pool with a 
different Risk Appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of 
non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different 
risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 6 
April 2021, Regulation (EU) 2021/557 which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation 
and Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the 
securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis were 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. 
More in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ balance sheets, the Commission 
proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets for distressed 
assets (in particular call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the 
recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used 
during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) Reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; 
(iii) Support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; (iv) 
Introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the 
real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and State aid frameworks.  
Measures to counter the impact of COVID-19 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial 
market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and the Business 
Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 
31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies affected 
by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be 
suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to 
medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, 
and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the 
implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the 
consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to households, including the suspension 
of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments.  
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU economy, 
issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market 
disclosure, (3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
1. 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to 
be ready to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with 
regulatory obligations. 
2. 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant 
information concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or 
financial situation in accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU)

--- Page 307 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
307 
No. 596/2014 (MAR), as a disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the 
MAR, pursuant to which issuers are required to disclose to the public without delay any inside 
information directly concerning them. 
3. 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual 
and potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and 
quantitative assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic 
performance in their 2019 year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or 
otherwise in their interim financial reporting disclosures. 
4. 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the 
requirements on risk management and to react accordingly. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set 
of monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in 
the banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing operations (LTROs); 
second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration 
of targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs); and, third, preventing tightening of financing 
conditions for the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As regards TLTRO, the Governing Council decided to apply considerably more favourable terms during 
the period from June 2020 to June 2021 to all TLTRO III operations outstanding during that time. 
Throughout this period, the interest rate on these TLTRO III operations will be 25 basis points below the 
average rate applied in the Eurosystem’ s main refinancing operations.  
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of 
Euro 120 billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase 
programmes. On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the Euro 750 billion 
Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), increased with a further Euro 600 billion on 4 June 
2020. 
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological 
emergency due to the COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) 
has been adopted. The Cura Italia Decree has introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary 
proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the 
guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility 
of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the 
amount of the ACE notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the 
impaired loans sold by 31 December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 
12 March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised 
banks can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related 
economic shock to the global economy. In particular, the ECB recommends to: 
• 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public support measures; 
• 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
• 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, EBA published a statement to explain the functioning of the prudential framework 
in relation to the exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures 
in accordance with IFRS 9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of 
the prudential framework concerning: 
(i) 
the classification of exposures in default;

--- Page 308 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
308 
(ii) the identification of forborne exposures; 
(iii) the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures. 
Specifically, the Authority repeats the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential 
framework, clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, 
(ii) forborne exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - 
IFRS9, in case of adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national 
governments. 
On 25 March 2020, ESMA provided clarifications on the accounting implications of the economic 
support and relief measures adopted by EU Member States in response to COVID-19. In particular, the 
statement provides guidance to issuers and auditors on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) 
with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related disclosure requirements. This concerns, in 
particular, the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for credit agreements (e.g. moratorium 
on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under the principles set forth in IFRS 
9. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and 
Heads of Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of 
banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact 
of the COVID- 19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of 
the outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred 
by one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor 
has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 
2018 has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the ECB published a recommendation addressed to significant banks to refrain from 
paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the duration of the 
economic shock related to COVID-19. This recommendation was extended to January 2021 on 27 July 
2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and 
share buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting 
uncertainty over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share 
buy-backs to remain below 15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 
basis points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable 
and have robust capital trajectories. They are expected to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss 
whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The recommendation is related to the current 
exceptional circumstances and will remain valid until the end of September 2021; at that time, in the 
absence of materially adverse developments, the ECB intends to repeal the recommendation and return 
to assessing banks’ capital and distribution plans based on the outcome of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 2 April 2020, EBA issued Guidelines on the treatment of legislative and non-legislative moratoria 
applied before 30 June 2020: clarified which legislative and non-legislative payment moratoria could 
trigger forbearance classification; in particular, the guidelines supplemented the EBA Guidelines on the 
application of the definition of default as regards the treatment of distressed restructuring (they clarified 
that the payment moratoria, if based on the application of national laws, or on initiatives agreed at 
industry / private sector level, where widely applied by the relevant credit institutions, do not trigger 
forbearance classification and it is not necessary to verify the existence of the requirements for tracing

--- Page 309 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
309 
between the distressed restructuring). On 18 June 2020, EBA has extended the deadline for the 
application of its Guidelines on payment moratoria to 30 September 2020, after which they expired. 
Adjusted Guidelines have been reactivated in December 2020, though restricting the scope of application 
to a maximum of 9 months from the granting of the moratoriums, a limit which however does not apply 
to those agreed before 31 September 2020 which continue to benefit from the flexibility granted by the 
guidelines until their expiry, even if it exceeds 9 months.  
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 
policies", which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the 
interpretation of the EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred 
payment to fall within the scope of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did 
not concern the hypothesis in which the moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 
September, was extended for more than 9 months due to a subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree No. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was 
issued, a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in 
addition to providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules 
for accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well 
as increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further 
exceptions to the ordinary rules of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 
December 2020. The Government is going to extend such measures until 31 December 2021 (the 
prorogation will be provided by the Law Decree of the end of April 2021). 
On 28 April 2020, the EU Commission published a proposal to amend the CRR Regulation ("quick fix") 
in order to reduce certain regulatory requirements and facilitate the provision of bank credit to households 
and enterprises across the EU with the aim of ensuring that banks can continue to lend money to support 
the economy and help mitigate the significant economic impact of COVID-19.  
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19-related developments, and they imply: 
- 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in 
the markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held 
in the portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
- 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate 
measures to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the 
period January 2020 and December 2021); 
- 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the 
calendar provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar 
provisioning applied to credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
- 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting 
Factor; ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting 
calibration for loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential 
treatment of software; 
- 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks’ 
capital (IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
- 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks (G-SIB buffer); 
- 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
- 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another 
EU Member State.

--- Page 310 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
310 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the “CRR 
Quick-Fix” has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force 
the following day (27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the so-called “Decreto Rilancio”) was 
published in the Official Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and 
economic support, as well as social policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by 
COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 
December 2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME’s capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. 
Particular reference is made to two public tools: “Patrimonio PMI” fund, which is aimed at subscribing 
new bonds issued by SME corporates with Euro 10 million turnover, which have been impacted by 
COVID-19 a turnover reduction of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to 
other investors <20 per cent. of the investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated 
which have suffered losses <50 per cent. of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, 
but in the limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital increase>); and the so called “Patrimonio rilancio” 
(Dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and 
shares in order to support real economy.  
In August the Government approved the Law Decree “August” (Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 104, 
converted into Law 13 October 2020, No. 126) containing several urgent measures in support of health, 
work and economy, linked to the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard 
the extension of the moratorium for SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for 
tourist sector, until 31 March 2021. Such prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by 
the beneficiary company. They also provide technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree 
Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into tax credits (application to special regimes, such as 
consolidated and transparency). The decree above mentioned also widens the scope of the public 
guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies which already got a prorogation of the 
guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including financial intermediation and 
holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends SACE guarantee 
scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or certified 
plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not classifiable as non performing exposures 
(at the date of submission of the application), they don’t present amounts in arrears and the lender can 
reasonably assume the full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the “Relieves” Law Decree (Law 
Decree 28 October 2020, No. 137) and the “Relieves 2” Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, 
No. 149) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and 
production sectors, justice and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the 
Law are a non refundable aid for enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of 
“rental” Tax credit to October-December period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding 
Euro 5 million and which have had a 50 per cent. reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of 
Ministers approved the “Support” Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides 
further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors linked to 
COVID-19 pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non refundable aid for enterprises and professionals 
which have had a 30 per cent. reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital 
Markets Recovery Package proposal (so-called “quick fix”) published by the European Commission in 
July, which proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the 
Securitization Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face 
the crisis emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic.  
As to MiFID2, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity 
derivatives and iii) research regime for SMEs.  
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form 
prospectus to facilitate the raising of capital in public markets.

--- Page 311 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
311 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the securitisation 
of NPEs, the amendments in particular also extends the preferential treatment to all synthetic on-balance 
sheet securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) criteria in order to help 
banks free up capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in particular to SMEs.  
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 26 February – 
entered into force on 18 March 2021.  
The MiFID amendments, voted on 26 February as well, as being part of a Directive, are to be transposed 
into national laws by 28 November 2021.  
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the 
securitisation framework to support the economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, were 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021. 
GREEN FINANCE 
Finally, it is worth mentioning the developments in the Green Finance Regulation. The banking system 
needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable activities and projects to contribute 
to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, which are the basis for green 
finance decision-making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall comply with the regulations on the 
disclosure of financial and non-financial information.  
Moreover, in relation to the European Commission public consultation on Renewed Strategy on 
Sustainable Finance (mentioned below) and the potential early introduction in respect of the EBA 
working plan of a green supporting factor and a brown penalising factor which are, respectively, a 
discount and an add-on the weighting of capital risk for investments in “green” companies or in company 
which produce significant greenhouse gas emission, UniCredit (as EBF) asks that the introduction of 
such factors is preceded by in-depth researches which certify the actual lower / higher risk of these 
activities, the link between climatic and financial risks and the development of risk scenarios.  
It is also requested that such researches shall be carried out over a period of 3-4 years, so that the negative 
effect of COVID-19 could be neutralized. The EBA Action plan on the implementation of the ESG risks 
in the prudential framework aims to amend the European legislation not before 2025. UniCredit considers 
that the process should not be accelerated.  
In May 2018, the European Commission published a package of legislative measures in order to promote 
a sustainable finance in line with the objectives of its action plan of March 2018. In such context, the 
Commission has started preparatory works in order to amend MiFID II. In such regard, ESMA submitted 
technical advice on sustainable finance to the European Commission. 
The Non-Financial Reporting Directive (Directive (EU) 2014/95 – NFRD), came into effect on 1 January 
2017. It requires large corporates, banks, and insurance companies with more than 500 employees to 
publicly report on ESG matters including employment, board diversity, human rights, anti-corruption 
and bribery. On 20 February 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation with a view 
to align the non-financial reporting requirements with the EU legislation in the area of ESG disclosure 
(e.g. Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and the Taxonomy Regulation). On 21 April 2021, the 
Commission published a proposal for the review of the NFRD. The new Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive proposes to extend the scope to listed companies (excluding listed micro-
undertakings) and large companies; introduces the requirement to report according to common EU 
sustainability reporting standards envisaging specific standards for listed SMEs and a transition period 
of three years since the application of the Directive; requires mandatory assurance of the reported 
information that should be published as part of the company’s management report and in machine 
readable format.

--- Page 312 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
312 
On 9 December 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial 
services sector (SFDR - Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) has been published, which lays 
down harmonised rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on transparency. 
On 9 March 2020, the European Commission Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (TEG) 
published its final report on the taxonomy, following the public consultation launched after the 
publication of the June 2019 report. The EU Taxonomy, which is part of the Action 1 of the Action Plan 
on financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018 by the Commission, aims to establish a 
unique classification system for the economic activities which can be classified as sustainable. The 
European Commission adopted the first Delegated Act on climate change mitigation and adaptation in 
April 2021. The Delegated Act will enter into application by 1 January 2022. For the other four 
environmental objectives – sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to 
circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and 
ecosystems – the second set of technical screening criteria will be adopted later in 2021 and enter into 
force on 1 January 2023. 
Together with EU Taxonomy final report, TEG has released a guide for how to use the EU's Green Bond 
Standard (EU GBS). The document incorporates several updates related to the political agreement on 
Taxonomy reached in December 2019 by the Commission, Council and European Parliament, and the 
Green Deal launched by the Commission. The EU GBS regulation is included in Commission’s 
initiatives set out in Action 2 of the Action Plan, which envisages to create standards and labels for green 
financial products. In July 2021, the European Commission is expected to publish the legislative proposal 
for EU GBS. 
On 12 March 2020, CONSOB has drawn attention to the current investor protection safeguards applicable 
to intermediaries that provide investment services, when they address clients with an offer characterized 
as sustainable. 
On 8 April 2020, European Commission launched a public consultation to collect opinions in relation to 
the Commissions renewed strategy on sustainable finance, until now based on the Action Plan on 
financing sustainable growth published on 8 March 2018. The aim of the Commission is to reach a 
proposal for the implementation of a new strategy on sustainable finance in June 2021. Additionally, the 
Article 20 of the Taxonomy Regulation creates a “Platform on sustainable Finance”, an advisory body 
composed of experts from the private and public sector that will provide advice to the European 
Commission on the technical screening criteria for the EU Taxonomy and will monitor and report on 
capital flows towards sustainable investments. 
On 23 April 2020, the three European Supervisory Authorities (EBA, EIOPA and ESMA - ESAs) have 
published a Consultation Paper seeking input on proposed environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
disclosure standards set out under the SFDR, aiming to: (i) strengthen protection for end-investors; (ii) 
improve the disclosures to investors from a broad range of financial market participants and financial 
advisers; and (iii) improve the disclosures to investors regarding financial products. 
The consultation document provided concrete proposals for the content, methodologies and presentation 
of sustainability disclosures regarding: i) principal adverse impact disclosure (negative, material or likely 
to be material effects on sustainability factors that are linked to investment decisions and advice 
performed by the legal entity), ii) pre-contractual product disclosures, iii) website product disclosures 
and iv) product periodic disclosures. The three ESAs published the final draft of the Implementation 
Technical Standards on February 2021 and the European Commission is expected to adopt them in 3 
months. As the SFDR applies from 10 March 2021, the ESAs issued a joint declaration on 25 February 
2021 offering guidance to financial market participants (e.g. banks, investing firms, insurance 
companies) for application of the draft ITS in the interim period until the formal adoption by the European 
Commission. 
On 20 January 2021, the European Commission opened a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
a European single access point (ESAP) for financial and non-financial information publicly disclosed by 
companies. The establishment of ESAP is the first point of the new action plan on the Capital Markets 
Union 2020 aiming to create a register of ESG data at EU level to provide easily accessible, comparable 
and machine readable information through standardization of formats to remove the difficulties

--- Page 313 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
313 
encountered by the various stakeholders in accessing, comparing and using companies’ financial and 
sustainability-related information. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, 
which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID 2 Regulation. The financial 
advisors are required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients and take them into 
consideration when providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial 
institutions are requested to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and 
operational processes. The Delegated Acts needs to be approved by the European Parliament and Council 
(a scrutiny period of 3 months that can be extended by another 3 months) followed by the transposition 
in the legislation of each Member State. 
DIGITAL FINANCE  
On 24 September 2020, the European Commission published a Digital Finance Package with the main 
aim to support the EU digital transformation of finance in the coming years while regulating its risks. 
Four broad priorities will guide the EU’s initiatives to promote digital transformation until 2024 with 
associated actions (legislative and non-legislative) that the Commission would like to put forward in the 
next four years. 
Removing fragmentation in the Digital Single Market: In 2021, the Commission will propose to 
harmonise rules on customer onboarding and will build on the upcoming review of the e-IDAS (electronic 
IDentification Authentication and Signature) Regulation to implement an interoperable cross-border 
framework for digital identities. 
Adapting the EU regulatory framework to facilitate digital innovation, the Commission proposed in 
September 2020 for the first time new legislation on crypto-assets, the so called “Markets in Crypto 
Assets” (MiCA) regulation to ensure clarity and legal certainty for issuers and providers of crypto assets 
that are not currently covered by current EU legislation. Safeguards include capital requirements. Issuers 
of significant crypto-assets (the so-called global "stablecoins") will be subject to stricter requirements 
(e.g. in terms of capital, investor rights and supervision). The Commission also proposed a pilot regime, 
which allows temporary derogations from existing rules, for market infrastructures that wish to try to 
trade and settle transactions in financial instruments in crypto-asset form. To facilitate digital innovation, 
the Commission also presented in April 2021 a proposal for regulatory framework on Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) aimed both at promoting its development but also at managing its potential risks. 
Promoting data-driven innovation in finance: In coordination with the PSD2’s review and building on 
initiatives in the data strategy (Data Governance, Data Act and the Digital Markets Act as well the Digital 
Services Act), the EC will present a legislative proposal for a broader open finance framework by mid-
2024. 
Addressing the challenges and risks associated with digital transformation, the Commission proposed a 
‘Digital Operational Resilience Act' (DORA) to prevent and mitigate cyber threats and enhance oversight 
of outsourced services. The proposed legislation will require all firms to ensure that they can withstand 
all types of ICT related disruptions and threats and also introduces an oversight framework for ICT 
providers, such as cloud computing service providers. 
1.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of the Issuer's solvency. 
1.1.6 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit has been rated as follow:

--- Page 314 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
314 
Rating Agencies 
Short Term 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Long Term 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Outlook 
Last update 
Fitch 
F3(1) 
BBB-(2) 
stable(3) 
5 November 2020 
S&P 
A-2(4) 
BBB(5) 
negative(6) 
29 October 2020 
Moody's 
P-2(7) 
Baa1(8) 
stable(9) 
12 May 2021 
Fitch Ratings  
(1) 
'F3': indicates a good capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. However, the margin of safety is not as 
great as in the case of the higher ratings. (Source: Fitch). 
(2) 
'BBB-': indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments 
is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity (Source: 
Fitch). 
Note: A "+" or "–" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within a major rating category. Such suffixes 
are not added to the AAA rating category, to categories below CCC, or to Short-Term Credit Ratings other than F1 
(Source: Fitch). 
(3) 
Outlooks indicate the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period. They reflect financial or other 
trends that have not yet reached or been sustained the level that would cause a rating action, but which may do so if 
such trends continue. A Positive Rating Outlook indicates an upward trend on the rating scale. Conversely, a Negative 
Rating Outlook signals a negative trend on the rating scale. Positive or Negative Rating Outlooks do not imply that a 
rating change is inevitable, and similarly, ratings with Stable Outlooks can be raised or lowered without a prior revision 
to the Outlook. Occasionally, where the fundamental trend has strong, conflicting elements of both positive and 
negative, the Rating Outlook may be described as "Evolving" (Source: Fitch). 
S&P  
(4) 
A-2: an obligor has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible 
to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category 
(Source: S&P). 
(5) 
BBB: an obligor has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments (Source: 
S&P). 
Note: ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the rating categories (Source: S&P). 
(6) 
Outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term (typically six months to 
two years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in economic and/or fundamental 
business conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a rating change or future CreditWatch action. Negative 
means that a rating may be lowered (Source: S&P). 
Moody's 
(7) 
P-2: issuers (or supporting institution) rated Prime-2 have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (Source: 
Moody's). 
(8) 
Baa: obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such may 
possess speculative characteristics (Source: Moody's). 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a 
mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category (Source: 
Moody's). 
(9) 
Outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term. A stable outlook indicates a low 
likelihood of a rating change over the medium term (Source: Moody's). 
During the validity of this Base Prospectus, the updated Issuer's ratings information which could occur, 
will be available from time to time on the Issuer's website.

--- Page 315 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
315 
The rating agencies Fitch, S&P and Moody' are established in the European Economic Area, are 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, and are included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
1.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last 
financial year  
There are no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year ended on 31 December 2020. 
1.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the Issuer's activities 
As at 31 December 2020, the loans to deposits ratio (LDR), a ratio between the customer loans and 
deposits, including the repo activity, is equal to 90.4 per cent. Such ratio improves compared to 31 
December 2019, equal to 102.6 per cent, due to the slowdown of loans growth combined with the increase 
of deposits, also considering the current macroeconomic scenario. 
However the Group’s liquidity is always well above the minimum regulatory requirements – liquidity 
coverage ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) – as provided by EU 2013/575 Regulation 
and EU/36/2013 Directive. 
As at 31 December 2020, the liquidity buffer is equal to Euro 167,475 million (Euro 139,389 million at 
31 December 2019). 
As at 31 December 2020, the TLTRO participations of the Group is equal to Euro 94.332 billion 
(compared to Euro 50.710 billion at the end of 2019). 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
2.1 
Principal activities 
2.1.1. 
A description of the Issuer's principal activities, including the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed, an indication of any significant new products or activities, and the principal markets 
in which the Issuer competes 
UniCredit is a simple pan-European commercial bank with a fully plugged in Corporate & Investment 
Bank, delivering a unique Western, Central and Eastern European network to its extensive client 
franchise.  
UniCredit offers local and international expertise providing unparalleled access to market leading 
products and services in our core markets. UniCredit provides local and international expertise and, 
thanks to its European network, offers unique access to products and services in its main markets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no significant new product or activity has been introduced. 
A brief descriptions of the business segments through which the UniCredit Group operates are provided 
below. 
Commercial Banking Italy 
Commercial Banking Italy is composed by UniCredit S.p.A. commercial network limited to Core clients 
(excluding Corporate clients, supported by Corporate and Investment Banking Division and clients 
supported by Foreign Branches), Leasing (excluding Non-Core clients), Factoring and UniCredit S.p.A. 
structures included in local Corporate Centre that support the Italian business network.In relation to 
individual clients (Mass market, Affluent, Private and Wealth), Commercial Banking Italy’ s goal is to 
offer a full range of products, services and consultancy to fulfill transactional, investments and credit 
needs, relying on branches and multichannel services provided thanks to new technologies.

--- Page 316 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
316 
The territorial organisation promotes a bank closer to customers and faster decision-making processes, 
while the belonging to UniCredit Group allows to support companies in developing an international 
attitude. 
Commercial Banking Germany 
Commercial Banking Germany provides all German customers (excluding Large Corporate and 
Multinational clients, supported by Corporate and Investment Banking Division) with a complete range 
of banking products and services. It is composed of: 
• 
“Privatkundenbank” (Individual Clients segment) that serves retail and private banking 
customers with banking and insurance solutions across all areas of demand and all-round 
advisory services reflecting the individual and differentiated needs in terms of relationship 
model and product offering; 
• 
“Unternehmerbank” (Corporate segment) that employs a different “Mittelstand” bank 
model to its competitors in that it serves both business and personal needs across the whole 
bandwidth of German enterprises and firms operating in Germany; 
• 
Local Corporate Center. 
Different service models are applied in line with the needs of its various customer groups: retail 
customers, private banking customers, small business and corporate customers, real estate customers and 
wealth management customers. 
Commercial Banking Germany holds large market shares and a strategic market position in retail 
banking, in private banking and especially in business with local corporate customers (including factoring 
and leasing). 
Commercial Banking Austria 
Commercial Banking Austria provides its Austrian customers (excluding Large Corporate and 
Multinational clients, supported by Corporate and Investment Banking Division) with a complete range 
of banking products and services. It is composed of: 
• 
“Privatkundenbank” (Private Customer Bank) that covers private individuals, ranging 
from mass-market to affluent customers, high net-worth individuals and business 
customers; it includes Schoellerbank, a well-established subsidiary servicing wealthy 
customers; 
• 
“Unternehmenbank” (Corporate Customer Bank, excluding CIB clients) servicing the 
entire range of SMEs, medium-sized and large companies, which do not access capital 
markets (including real estate and public sector); it includes the product factory Leasing; 
• 
Local Corporate Center. 
A broad coverage of individual clients and companies is ensured through its nation-wide branch network. 
Commercial Banking Austria holds significant market shares and a strategic market position in retail 
banking, private banking and especially in business with local corporate customers and is one of the 
leading providers of banking services in Austria. 
Commercial Banking Austria applies an integrated service model, allowing clients to decide when, where 
and how they contact UniCredit Bank Austria. This approach combines classic branches which are 
continuously modernised, new formats of advisory service centres and modern selfservice branches, 
internet solutions, mobile banking with innovative apps and contact to relationship managers via video-
telephony. 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB)

--- Page 317 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
317 
The CIB Division targets mainly Large Corporate and Multinational clients with highly sophisticated 
financial profile and needs for investment banking services, as well as institutional clients of UniCredit 
Group. CIB serves UniCredit Group’s clients across 31 countries with a wide range of specialized 
products and services, combining geographical proximity with a high expertise in all segments in which 
it is active. 
Moreover, CIB acts as products and solutions provider for the commercial network, provides structured 
financing, hedging and treasury solutions for corporate and investment products for private and retail, 
according to the “CIB fully plugged-in concept”. In the light of a more integrated client offering, Joint 
Venture between Commercial Banking and CIB division have been set up in Italy and Germany, with 
the objective to increase cross selling of investment banking products (M&A, Capital Markets and 
derivatives) to commercial banking clients. 
The organisational structure of CIB is based on a matrix that integrates market coverage (carried out 
through an extensive commercial network in Western Europe and an international network of branches 
and representative offices) and product offering (divided into three Product Lines that consolidate the 
breadth of the Group’s CIB know-how). 
The dedicated commercial networks (CIB Network Italy, CIB Network Germany, CIB Network Austria, 
CIB Network France, International Network, Financial Institutions Group) are responsible for the 
relationships with corporate clients, banks and financial institutions as well as the sale of a broad range 
of financial products and services, ranging from traditional lending and merchant banking operations to 
more sophisticated services with high added value, such as project finance, acquisition finance and other 
investment banking services and operations in international financial markets. 
The three following Product Lines supplement and add value to the activities of the commercial networks: 
• 
Financing and Advisory (F&A)  F&A is the expertise centre for all business operations 
related to credit and advisory services for corporate and institutional clients. It is responsible 
for providing a wide variety of products and services ranging from plain vanilla and 
standardized products, extending to more sophisticated products such as Capital Markets 
(Equity and Debt Capital Markets), Corporate Finance and Advisory, Syndications, 
Leverage Buy-Out, Project and Commodity Finance, Real Estate Finance, Structured Trade 
and Export Finance. 
• 
Markets  Markets is the centre specialised for all financial markets activities and serves as 
the Group’s access point to the capital markets. This results in a highly complementary 
international platform with a strong presence in emerging European financial markets. As a 
centralised product line, Markets is responsible for the coordination of financial markets 
related activities, including the structuring of products such as foreign FX, Rates, Equities 
and credit related activities. 
• 
Global Transaction Banking (GTB) - GTB is the centre for Cash Management, e-banking, 
Supply Chain Finance, Trade Finance products, Factoring and global securities services. 
Moreover the controlled company UCI International Luxembourg operates in Global Family Office 
activities.  
Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) 
The Group, through the CEE business segment, offers a wide range of products and services to retail, 
corporate and institutional clients in 10 Central and Eastern Europe countries: Bosnia- Herzegovina, 
Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia and Slovenia. UniCredit 
Group is able to offer its retail customers in the CEE countries a broad portfolio of products and services 
similar to those offered to its Italian, German and Austrian customers. 
With respect to corporate clients, UniCredit Group is constantly engaged in standardising the customer 
segments and range of products. The Group shares its business models on an international level in order 
to ensure access to its network in any country where the Group is present. This approach is vital due to

--- Page 318 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
318 
the variety of global products offered, particularly cash management and trade finance solutions to 
corporate customers operating in more than one CEE country. 
Group Corporate Centre 
The Group Corporate Centre’s objective is to lead, control and support the management of the assets and 
related risks of the Group as a whole and of the single Group companies in their respective areas of 
competence. In this framework, an important objective is to optimize costs and internal processes 
guaranteeing operating excellence and supporting the sustainable growth of the Business Lines. In the 
Group Corporate Centre are included also the Group’s Legal Entities that are going to be dismissed. 
Non Core 
Starting from the first quarter of 2014 the Group decided to introduce a clear distinction between the 
abovementioned activities defined as core segment, meaning strategic business segments and in line with 
risk strategies, and activities defined as non-core segment, including non-strategic assets and those with 
a poor fit to the Group’s risk-adjusted return framework, with the aim of reducing the overall exposure 
of this last segment in the course of time and to improve the risk profile. 
Specifically, the non-core segment includes selected assets of Commercial Banking Italy (identified on 
a single deal/client basis) to be managed with a risk mitigation approach and some special vehicles for 
securitisation operations. 
2.2 
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position.  
No precise data about Issuer's competitive position are included in this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
3.1 
Brief description of the group and the Issuer's position within the group. 
UniCredit is the parent company of the UniCredit Group and, in addition to banking activities, it carries 
out organic policy, governance and control functions vis à vis its subsidiary banking, financial and 
instrumental companies. 
UniCredit, as a bank which undertakes management and co-ordination activities for the UniCredit Group, 
pursuant to Article 61 of the Italian Banking Act issues, when exercising the management and co-
ordination activities, instructions to the other members of the banking group in respect of the fulfilment 
of the requirements laid down by the supervisory authorities in the interest of the banking group's 
stability. 
The following diagram illustrates the banking group companies as at 14 January 2021:

--- Page 319 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
319 
 
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) SA 
Luxembourg - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Bank Ireland Plc 
Dublin - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Leasing SpA. 
Milano - leasing - 100% 
UniCredit Glob.Leas.P.M.GmbH 
Vienna - holding 
BA CA Leasing (Deutschland) GmbH 
Bad Homburg - leasing 
UniCredit Leased Asset Management S.p.A. 
Milan - real estate owned company 
UniCredit Factoring SpA 
Milano - factoring - 100% 
CORDUSIO Soc.Fiduc.per Az. 
Milano - fiduciary - 100% 
Cordusio SIM S.p.A. 
Milano - advisory on investments 97,10% 
UniCredit BpC Mortgage Srl 
Verona - guarantees provider - 60% 
UniCredit OBG Srl 
Verona - guarantees provider - 60% 
UniCredit myAgents Srl 
Bologna - agent in financial activities - 100% 
UniCredit Global Leasing Exp.GmbH 
Vienna - leasing 100% 
PAI Management Limited 
Dublin - management of hedge funds 100% 
PAI (Bermuda) Limited 
Hamilton - holding/man.-adv. of hedge funds 100% 
PAI (New York) Limited  
 
Dover (USA) - investment research 100% 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt 
Budapest - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Jelzalogbank Zrt 
Budapest - banking 
UniCredit Leasing Hungary Zrt 
Budapest - leasing 
AO UniCredit Bank 
Moscow - banking - 100% 
OOO "UniCredit Leasing“ 
Moscow - leasing 
OOO UniCredit Garant 
Moskow - leasing 
UNICREDIT BANK S.A. 
Bucharest - banking - 98,63% 
UniCredit Consumer Financing IFN SA 
(b) 
Bucharest - consumer credit 
UniCredit Leasing Corporation IFN S.A. 
Bucharest - leasing 
UniCredit Banka Slovenija DD 
Ljubljana - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Leasing, leasing, d.o.o. 
Ljubljana - leasing 
UniCredit Bank Serbia Jsc 
Belgrade - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Leasing Srbija d.o.o. Beograd 
Belgrade - leasing 
UniCredit Bank a.d. Banja Luka 
Banja Luka - banking - 99,43% 
Europa Investment Fund Management 
Budapest - Management of mutual funds 100% (1) 
Zagrebacka Banka d.d. 
Zagreb - banking - 84,475% 
UniCredit Bank d.d. 
Mostar-banking 
UniCredit Leasing Croatia d.o.o. za leasing 
Zagreb - leasing 
Zane BH D.O.O. 
Sarajevo - real estate manag. 
Zagreb Nekretnine d.o.o. . 
Zagreb - real estate manag. 
ZB Invest d.o.o. 
Zagreb - mutual funds manag. 
Pominvest d.d. 
Split - real estate co. 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia a.s. 
Prague - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Rep. and Slovakia, a.s. 
Prague - factoring 
UniCredit Leasing CZ a.s. 
Prague - leasing 
UniCredit Leasing Slovakia a.s. 
Bratislava - leasing 
UniCredit Bulbank AD 
Sofia - banking - 99,45% 
UniCredit Consumer Financing EAD 
Sofia - consumer credit 
UniCredit Factoring EAD 
Sofia - factoring 
UniCredit Fleet Management EOOD 
Sofia - fleet management 
UniCredit Leasing EAD 
Sofia - leasing 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Munich - banking - 100% 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Vienna - banking - 99,99% 
for controlled companies 
(belonging to Banking Group) 
see Annex A 
for controlled companies 
(belonging to Banking Group) 
see Annex A 
UniCredit Services Scpa (d) 
Milano - Instrumental services - 99,99% 
UniCredit Services GmbH 
Vienna - Instrumental services 
Crivelli S.r.l. 
Milan - real estate - 100% 
SOFIGERE SaS in liquidazione 
Paris - credit repurchase - 100% 
(a) 
(a) 
(a) 
(1) held indirectly by UniCredit S.p.A. 
trhough company non belonging to Banking Group 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
50.10% 
99.95% 
0.05% 
100% 
100% 
99.30% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
94.99% 
Crivelli S.r.l. 
Milan - real estate - 100% 
Bavaria Servicos de Repres. Comercial Ltda. (e) 
Sao Paulo - administrative services - 100% 
UniCredit Services Scpa 
(d) 
Milano - Instrumental services - 99,99% 
UniCredit Services GmbH 
Vienna - Instrumental services 
Crivelli S.r.l. 
Milan - real estate - 100% 
100% 
97.00% 
v.r.97.33% 
...% 
...% 
(a) not operative (b) 49,9% held by UniCredit SpA (d) Other companies belonging to UniCredit Group and third parties hold shares of the company  
(z) Requested to Bank of Italy the inclusion in the Banking Group 
Banking 
Financial 
Instrumental 
Companies belonging to the banking group 
Updated 
January 14 2021

--- Page 320 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
320  
UniCredit Leasing GmbH 
Hamburg - leasing - 100% 
UniCredit Leasing Finance GmbH 
Hamburg - banking 
UniCredit Leasing Aviation GmbH 
Hamburg - leasing 
HVB Export Leasing GmbH 
Munich - leasing - 100% 
BIL Leas.-Fon.GmbH&Co VELUM KG  
(a) 
Grünwald - Leasing - 100% 
HVB Verwa 4 GmbH 
Munich - holding - 100% 
HVB Verwa 4.4 GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
B.I. International Limited 
George Town (Cayman Is.) - bond issuer 
HVB Hong Kong Limited 
Hong Kong - financial company - 100% 
UniCredit U.S. Finance LLC 
Wilmington (USA) - holding company - 100% 
UniCredit Capital Markets LLC 
New York - broker/dealer 
HVB Capital LLC 
Wilmington (USA) - financial company - 100% 
HVB Capital LLC II 
Wilmington (USA) - financial company - 100% 
HVB Capital LLC III 
Wilmington (USA) - financial company - 100% 
HVB Funding Trust II 
Wilmington (USA) - economic services - 100% 
Structured Invest Société Anonyme 
Luxembourg - investment company - 100% 
HVB London Investments (AVON) Ltd 
London - investment company - 100% 
Wealth Manag.Capital Holding GmbH 
Munich - holding company - 100% 
WealthCap Initiatoren GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
WealthCap Equity GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
WealthCap Fonds GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
WealthCap Stiftungstreuhand GmbH 
Munich - fiduciary 
WealthCap PEIA Management GmbH 
Munich - economic services - 6% 
WealthCap Management Services GmbH 
Grünwald - economic services 
WealthCap Leasing GmbH 
Grünwald - holding company 
HVBFF Objekt Beteiligungs GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
HVBFF Internationale Leasing GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
HVBFF International Greece GmbH 
Munich - leasing company 
WealthCap Real Estate Management GmbH 
Munich - economic services 
WealthCap Investorenbetreuung GmbH 
Munich - fiduciary 
WealthCap Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
 Grünwald - collective asset management 
HVB Immobilien AG 
Munich - holding - 100% 
HVB Tecta GmbH 
Munich - holding company - 6% 
HVB Projekt GmbH 
Munich - holding company - 6% 
Orestos Immobilien-Verwaltungs GmbH 
Munich - holding company 
TRICASA Gr.des bürgerlichen Rechts Nr. 1 
Munich - real estate 
TRICASA Gr.Ges.mbH & Co. 1. Vermiet.KG 
Munich - real estate 
Omnia Grund.-GmbH&Co Ob.Perlach KG                   (b) 
Munich - real estate 
WealthCap Investment Services GmbH 
Munich - economic services - 10% 
Redstone Mortgages Limited 
London - mortgage loans - 100% 
HVB Gesells.für Gebäude mbH & Co KG 
Munich - real estete management - 100% 
Salvatorplatz-Gr.mbH & Co. OHG Saarland 
Munich - real estate 
Grundstücksgesellschaft Simon b.h.K. 
Munich - real estate management 
Acis Imm.- und Pr.GmbH & Co. St. Kronpr...KG 
 Grünwald - real estate management 
Bayerische Wohn.für Handel und Ind. GmbH 
Munich - real estate management 
HAWA Grundstücks GmbH & Co OHG Imm. 
Munich - real estate man. (dont 0,50 % TIVOLI) 
Hypo-B.Verw.GmbH & Co. KG O. Arabellastr. 
Munich - real estate management 
Portia Grund.-Verwalt. mbH & Co. Objekt KG 
Munich - holding company 
TIVOLI Grundstücks-Aktiengesellschaft 
Munich - real estate management 
Hypo-Bank Verwaltungszentrum GmbH 
Munich - real estate management 
HVZ GmbH & Co. Objekt KG 
Munich - real estate management 
Merkurhof Grundstücks. m.b.H. 
Munich - real estate management - 100% 
Food & more GmbH 
Munich - hotel and restaurant ind. - 100% 
Verwaltungsgesellschaft Katharinenhof mbH 
Munich - real estate management - 100% 
UniCredit Direct Services GmbH 
Munich - call center for retail bank - 100% 
HVB Secur GmbH 
Munich - economic services - 100% 
Salvatorplatz-G.mbH & Co. OHG Verwalt 
Munich - real estate management 
Schoellerbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Vienna - private bank - 100% 
Schoellerbank Invest AG 
Salzburg - investment company 
Palais Rothschild Verm.GmbH & Co OG 
Vienna - real estate services 
Palais Rothschild Vermietungs GmbH 
Vienna - real estate services 
Bank Austria Real Invest Immob.-Managem.GmbH 
Vienna - real estate investment -94,95% 
Bank Austria Real Invest Imm.Kap.GmbH 
Vienna - real estate invest. company 
Bank Austria Real Invest Client Investm. GmbH 
Vienna - investment advisory 
Alpine Cayman Islands Ltd. 
Georgetown (Cayman Is.) - holding co. - 100% 
BA-CA Finance (Cayman) Limited 
George Town (Cayman Is.) - issuing hybrid cap. 
BA-CA Finance (Cayman) II Limited 
George Town (Cayman Is.) - issuing hybrid cap. 
Paytria Unternehmensbeteiligungen GmbH 
Vienna - holding - 100% 
BA- Alpine Holdings, Inc. 
Wilmington (USA) - holding company - 100% 
AI Beteiligungs GmbH 
Vienna - holding - 100% 
CABET-Holding GmbH 
Vienna - holding - 100% 
CABO Beteiligungsgesellschaft m.b.H. 
Vienna - holding 
BA-CA Markets & Investment Bet.GmbH 
Vienna - holding - 100% 
Immobilien Rating GmbH in Liqu. 
Vienna - real estate appraisal 100% 
Bank Austria Finanzservice GmbH 
Vienna - mobile sales and distribution - 100% 
BAH-Kappa Kft. V.A. 
Budapest – leasing                100% (1) 
card complete Service Bank AG 
Vienna - issuing of credit cards - 50,10% 
DC Bank AG 
Vienna - issuing of credit cards 
Diners Club Polska Sp.z.o.o. 
Bratislava - credit cards 
Diners Club CS s.r.o. 
Bratislava - credit cards 
Ksg Karten-Verrech.- und Serviceges. mbH 
vienna - EDP Services 
FactorBank Aktiengesellschaft 
Vienna - factoring - 100% 
Bank Austria Wohnbaubank AG 
Vienna - real estate financing - 100% 
BA Betriebsobjekte GmbH 
Vienna - real estate ownership - 100% 
BA GVG-Holding GmbH 
Vienna - holding - 100% 
BA GebäudevermietungsgmbH                                     (c) 
Vienna - real estate 
Human Resources Service and devel.GmbH 
Vienna - personnel secondment - 100% 
Real(e) value Immobilien Bewertungs GmbH 
Vienna - real estate services - 100% 
UniCredit Leasing (Austria) GmbH                                (c) 
Vienna - holding and leasing 
100% 
LEASFINANZ GmbH 
Vienna – leasing              100% (***) 
Leasfinanz Bank GmbH 
Vienna - small lending business 100% (***) 
Pollux Immobilien GmbH                                                (c) 
Vienna - real estate - 100% 
(***) held indirectly by UniCredit Leasing (Austria) 
GmbH through company/ies non belonging to Banking 
Group 
(1) held indirectly by UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
through company non belonging to Banking Group 
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
UNICREDIT BANK AUSTRIA AG 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
94.00% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
90% 
10% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
90% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
94.78% 
94% 
94% 
100% 
100% 
Banking 
Financial 
Instrumental 
Companies belonging to the banking group 
Updated 
January 14 2021 
100% 
100% 
100% 
98.11% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
97.78% 
100% 
99.67% 
2.22% 
(a) voting rights held by UCB AG (33,33%) and by BIL Leasing-Fonds Verwaltungs GmbH (33,33%) (b) 5,22% held by WealthCap Leasing GmbH (c) % considering shares held by other Companies controlled by BA 
(z) Requested to Bank of Italy the inclusion in the Banking Group 
100% 100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
(***) 
(***) 
100% 
100% 
100%

--- Page 321 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
321 
3.2 
Dependence upon other entities within the Group 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit is not dependent upon other entities within the Group 
and no individual or entity controls UniCredit within the meaning provided for in Article 93 of 
Legislative Decree 58/1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act). 
4. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
4.1 
Names, business addresses and functions of the members of the Board of Directors and Board of 
Statutory Auditors and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer 
 
The board of directors (the Board or the Board of Directors) is elected by UniCredit’s shareholders at 
a general meeting for a three financial year term, unless a shorter term is established upon their 
appointment, and Directors may be re-elected. Under UniCredit’s Articles of Association, the Board is 
composed of between a minimum of 9 and a maximum of 24 members. 
The Board of Directors currently in office was appointed by the UniCredit’s Ordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting on 15 April 2021 for a term of three financial years and is composed of 13 members. The term 
in office of the current members of the Board will expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called 
to approve the financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2023. The members of the 
Board of Directors have been appointed on the basis of a proportional representation mechanism (“voto 
di lista”) and in compliance with the provisions on gender balance. 
The following table sets forth the current members of UniCredit's Board of Directors as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Pietro Carlo Padoan1-3 
Chairman 
Lamberto Andreotti1-2-3  
Deputy Vice Chairman 
Andrea Orcel 
Chief Executive Officer* 
Vincenzo Cariello1-2-3 
Director 
Elena Carletti1-2-3 
Director 
Jayne-Anne Gadhia1-2-3 
Director 
Jeffrey Alan Hedberg1-2-3 
Director 
Beatriz Lara Bartolomé1-2-3 
Director 
Luca Molinari1-2-3 
Director 
Maria Pierdicchi1-2-3 
Director 
Francesca Tondi1-2-3 
Director 
Renate Wagner1-2 
Director 
Alexander Wolfgring1-2-3 
Director 
 
Notes:

--- Page 322 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
322 
(1) 
 Director that meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 148 of the Financial Services Act. 
(2) 
 Director that meets the independence requirements pursuant to section 13 of the Treasury Decree No. 169 dated 
November 23, 2020. 
(3) 
 Director that meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 2, recommendation 7, of the Italian Corporate 
Governance Code. 
* 
Also elected General Manager by the Board of Directors on 15 April 2021. 
The information on the Board of Directors and its update is available on the UniCredit website. The 
business address for each of the foregoing Directors is in Milan, 1-20154, Piazza Gae Aulenti 3, Tower 
A. 
Other principal activities performed by the members of the Board which are significant with respect to 
UniCredit are listed below: 
Pietro Carlo Padoan 
• 
Member of the Board of the Institute of International Finance (IIF) 
• 
Vice Chairman of IAI – Istituto Affari Internazionali 
• 
Senior Fellow and member of the Scientific Council of SEP – School of European Political 
Economy, LUISS University 
• 
Honorary Board Member of Scope Foundation 
Lamberto Andreotti 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Corteva Agriscience  
• 
Senior Advisor of EW Healthcare  
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of American Italian Cancer Foundation 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Salzburg Festival Society 
Andrea Orcel 
• 
Non-executive Director of EIS 
Vincenzo Cariello 
• 
Founding and Name Partner Studio Legale Professor Cariello 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of A2A S.p.A. 
Elena Carletti 
• 
Full Professor of Finance, Bocconi University, Department of Finance 
• 
Vice Chairperson of the European Finance Association (EFA) 
• 
Research Professor, Bundesbank 
• 
Scientific Director, European University Institute, Florence School of Banking and Finance 
(FBF)

--- Page 323 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
323 
• 
Member of the Advisory Scientific Committee, European Systemic Risk Board 
(ESRB) - European System of Financial Supervision 
• 
Member of Expert Panel on banking supervision, European Parliament 
• 
Member of the Scientific Committee "Paolo Baffi Lecture", Bank of Italy 
• 
Member of the Scientific Committee, Bruegel 
Jayne-Anne Gadhia 
• 
Founder and Executive Chair of Snoop  
• 
Chair of HMRC (Non-Commercial role)  
• 
Non-Executive Chair (Advisory) of Goldacre  
• 
Senior Independent Director /Chair of Audit Committee and Finance and Operations Committee 
(Non-Commercial role) of Tate Board of Trustees  
• 
Member of Lloyds Culture Advisory Group  
• 
Mayor of London - Member of Business Advisory Board  
• 
Member of Financial Inclusion Policy Forum  
• 
Member of Commission for Smart Government  
Jeffrey Alan Hedberg 
• 
CEO of Wind Tre S.p.A.  
• 
Vice Chairman of ASSTEL  
• 
Advisory Board Member - SDA Bocconi  
Beatriz Lara Bartolomé 
• 
Sole Administrator of AHAOW 
• 
Innovation & Digital Transformation Board PROSEGUR 
• 
Seed Investor & Strategic Advisor ZELEROS Hyperloop 
• 
Financial Investor & Senior Advisor OPINNO 
• 
Mentor at Startup Lab, International MBA, IE Business School 
Luca Molinari 
• 
Head of Financial Services at Mubadala Investment Company  
• 
Non-Executive Director at Sanad Group  
Maria Pierdicchi 
• 
Non-Executive Board Member and Chair of Human Resources Committee of Gruppo Autogrill

--- Page 324 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
324 
• 
Chairwoman and Board Member of NED COMMUNITY  
• 
Board Member of PBI S.p.A. 
Francesca Tondi 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board of Angel Academe 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Angel Academe Nominee 
• 
Member of the Selection Committee, Mentor of Fintech Circle 
• 
Member of “Women supporting Women” of “Princess Trust” Foundation 
Renate Wagner 
• 
Member of the Board of Management Allianz SE  
• 
Member of the Board of Management Allianz Deutschland AG 
Alexander Wolfgring 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors (Executive Director) of Privatstiftung zur Verwaltung von 
Anteilsrechten 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of AVZ GmbH 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Österreichisches Verkehrsbüro AG 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Verkehrsbüro Touristik GmbH 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of AVB Holding GmbH 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of API Besitz, GmbH 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of Mischek Privatstiftung 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to the provisions of the UniCredit Articles of Association, the Board of Statutory Auditors (the 
Board of Statutory Auditors) consists of five permanent statutory auditors, including a Chairman, and 
four stand-in statutory auditors. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors currently in office was appointed by the UniCredit Ordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting on 11 April 2019 for a term of three financial years and its members may be re-
elected. 
The term in office of the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors will expire on the date of 
the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the financial year ending 31 
December 2021. 
The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors have been appointed on the basis of a proportional 
representation mechanism (“voto di lista”) and in compliance with the provisions on gender balance. 
The following table sets out the current members of UniCredit Board of Statutory Auditors as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 325 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
325 
Name 
Position 
Marco Rigotti 
Chairman 
Angelo Rocco Bonissoni 
Statutory Auditor 
Benedetta Navarra 
Statutory Auditor 
Guido Paolucci 
Statutory Auditor 
Antonella Bientinesi 
Statutory Auditor 
The information on the Board of Statutory Auditors and its update is available on the UniCredit website.  
All of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors in office are enrolled with the Register of Chartered 
Accounting Auditors of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. The business address for each of 
the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is in Milan, 1-20154, Piazza Gae Aulenti 3, Tower A. 
Other principal activities performed by the Statutory Auditors of UniCredit which are significant for 
UniCredit are listed below: 
Marco Rigotti 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alisarda S.p.A 
Angelo Rocco Bonissoni 
• 
Attorney of Nuova CPS Servizi S.r.l. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Telecom Italia S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Atlantia S.p.A. 
Benedetta Navarra 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and of the Audit Committee of UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
• 
Member of Audit Committee of UniCredit BulBank A.D. 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of A.S. Roma S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 of Equitalia 
Giustizia S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Italo S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Guala Closures S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Isola dei Tesori S.r.l. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of D.M.O. Pet Care S.r.l. 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 of Confcommercio 
imprese per I'Italia Provincia di Roma Capitale 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Body pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 of Promo.Ter Roma

--- Page 326 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
326 
Guido Paolucci 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Ecofuel S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Raffineria di Gela S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Telecom Italia San Marino S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Telefonia Mobile Sammarinese S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Nuova Compagnia di Partecipazioni S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Consorzio CONOU 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Società Gemelli Molise S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Società HYLE Capital Partners SGR S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fondazione "Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza"  
Antonella Bientinesi 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Cerved Group S.p.A. 
• 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Anas S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of ACER SEDE S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Enel Energia S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Enel Green Power Solar Metehara S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Enel Green Power Solar Ngonye S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Fondo Ambiente Italiano – FAI 
4.2 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the best of UniCredit's knowledge, with regard to the 
members of the UniCredit Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors there are no conflicts of 
interest between any duties to the Issuer, arising from the office or position held within UniCredit, and 
their private interests and/or other duties, except for those that may concern operations put before the 
relevant bodies of UniCredit, in accordance with the applicable procedures and in strict compliance with 
existing laws and regulations. Members of the UniCredit Board of Directors and Board of Statutory 
Auditors must indeed comply with the following provisions aimed at regulating instances where there 
exists a specific interest concerning the implementation of an operation: 
• 
Article 53, paragraph 4, of the Italian Banking Act, without prejudice to the obligations 
envisaged by paragraph 1 of Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, hereinafter quoted, sets forth 
the duty to abstain from voting for the Directors having a conflicting interest, on their own behalf 
or on behalf of a third party; 
• 
Article 136 of the Italian Banking Act, which requires a special authorisation procedure (a 
unanimous decision by the supervisory body with the exclusion of the concerned officers' vote 
and the favourable vote of all members of the controlling body) should a bank enter into 
obligations of any kind or enter, directly or indirectly, into purchase or sale agreements with its 
corporate officers;

--- Page 327 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
327 
• 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, which obliges directors to notify fellow directors and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors of any interest, on their own behalf or on behalf of a third party, 
that they may have, in a specific company transaction, with the concerned member of the Board 
of Directors having to abstain from carrying out the transaction if he/she is also the CEO; and 
• 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 dated 12 March 
2010 (and subsequent updates), concerning transactions with related parties and the relevant 
Communication No. 10078683 dated 24 September 2010, as well as the provisions issued by 
the Bank of Italy concerning risk activities and conflicts of interest of banks and banking groups 
with associated persons (Supervisory Regulations for the banks issued by the Bank of Italy). 
In accordance with the said latest provisions, UniCredit has adopted specific policies and procedures in 
order to ensure, between the others, the transparency and the material and procedural correctness of the 
transactions with related parties or with associated persons, directly or through controlled companies. 
For information on related-party transactions, please see Part H of the Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
Notwithstanding the obligations of Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, UniCredit and its corporate 
bodies have adopted measures and procedures to ensure compliance with the provisions relating to 
transactions with its corporate officers, as well as transactions with related parties and associated persons. 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
5.1 
Information related to the shareholder structured of the Issuer  
No individual or entity controls UniCredit within the meaning provided for in Article 93 of the Financial 
Services Act. 
As at 26 April 2021, according to available information, the main shareholders holding, directly or 
indirectly, a relevant participation in UniCredit were: 
Major Shareholders 
Ordinary Shares 
per cent. owned(1) 
BlackRock Group 
114,907,383 
5.122(2) 
Capital Research and Management Company 
112,363,870 
5.008(3) 
-  of which on behalf of EuroPacific Growth Fund 
78,373,584 
3.493 
Allianz SE Group 
69,623,563 
3.103 
Norges Bank 
67,366,057 
3.003 
(1) 
figures updated based on the last communication received on 26 April 2021 according to current legislation 
(2) 
non-discretional asset management 
(3) 
discretional asset management 
On 14 April 2021, the temporary rules on enhanced transparency for changes in major holdings and 
statements about investment objectives ended. As such, as of that date, the ordinary rules come back into 
force, as per Article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Law on Finance (TUF). So, it is necessary to 
notify the investee company and CONSOB when the stake held exceeds 3 per cent. of the capital granting 
voting rights in a listed company. 
The table does not include any other shareholders who have exceeded the relevant threshold, but have 
not yet notified this or are not required to notify it under current laws.

--- Page 328 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
328 
The updated information concerning the major shareholders will be available from time to time on the 
Issuer’s website, without prejudice to the obligations arising from Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
in relation to the drafting of a supplement. 
5.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuer is aware, there are no arrangements the operation 
of which, at a subsequent date, could result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
6. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
6.1 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The risks connected with pending legal proceedings have been duly examined by the Parent Company 
and each of the involved Subsidiaries (the Companies). Assuming the possibility of outlays in reference 
of some of the aforementioned proceedings, whether carrying out the related estimates for potential 
disbursement is feasible, as at 31 December 2020, the Companies decided to set aside appropriate 
provisions for risks and charges for Euro 655.9 million, of which Euro 370.7 million for the Parent 
Company UniCredit S.p.A. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Companies were named as defendants in about 37,900 legal proceedings, 
of which approximately 9,200 involving the Parent Company UniCredit S.p.A. (excluding labor law 
cases, tax cases and credit recovery actions in which counterclaims were asserted or objections raised 
with regard to the credit claims of Group Companies). As at 31 December 2020, the total amount of 
claimed damages relating to the relevant judicial proceedings (excluding labor law cases, tax cases and 
debt collection proceedings) is equal to Euro 10 billion, of which approximately Euro 6.6 billion for the 
proceedings involving the Parent Company UniCredit S.p.A. 
In a greater detail, it mainly deals with: 
Madoff  
The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Companies) 
have been sued in the wake of a Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff through his company 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC (BLMIS), which was exposed in December 2008. The 
Companies were principally connected with Madoff as investment manager and/or investment adviser 
for the Primeo Fund Ltd (now in liquidation) and other non-US funds of funds that had invested in other 
non-US funds with accounts at BLMIS. 
Specifically, the Companies (together with a variety of other entities) were named as defendants in a 
variety of proceedings (both in the US and in non-US jurisdictions), for a total damage compensation 
claims of over $ 6 billion (to be later determined over the course of the proceedings). At present, most of 
the claims brought before US Courts and referring to the Companies have been rejected without any 
possibility of appeal or dismissal. However, the bankruptcy administrator of BLMIS (the “SIPA 
Trustee”) responsible for the Madoff’s company liquidation continues to pursue claims related to 
transfers of money made by BLMIS pre-bankruptcy to an affiliated company, BA Worldwide Fund 
Management Ltd (BAWFM), and other similarly situated parties. The potential claim for damages 
against BAWFM is non-material and, therefore, there are no specific risk profiles for the Companies. In 
addition, certain current or formerly affiliated persons named as defendants in a proceeding in the United 
States may seek indemnification from the Companies and its affiliated entities. 
As at 31 December 2020, there were several pending civil proceedings against UniCredit Bank Austria 
AG (UCB Austria) for the total claimed damages amount of Euro 5.15 million. While a large majority 
of the judgments have been favourable to UCB Austria, the impact of the remaining cases cannot be 
predicted with certainty, as the related future rulings may be adverse to UCB Austria. UCB Austria has 
made adequate provisions related to the Madoff’s matter. 
Furthermore, UCB Austria had been named as a defendant in criminal proceedings in Austria concerning 
the Madoff case, on allegations that it breached provisions of the Austrian Investment Fund Act as 
prospectus controller of the Primeo fund while other allegations relate to the level of fees and

--- Page 329 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
329 
embezzlement. In November 2019, the criminal investigation against UCB Austria and all individual 
defendants was closed by the public prosecutor. Private parties appealed and a decision is awaited. 
Proceedings arising out of the purchase of UniCredit Bank AG (UCB AG) by the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. and the related Group reorganisation 
Squeeze-out of UCB AG minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding) 
In 2008, approximately 300 former minority shareholders of UCB AG filed a request before the District 
Court of Munich to have a review of the price paid to them by the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., 
equal to Euro 38.26 per share, in the context of the squeeze out of minority shareholders (Appraisal 
Proceeding). The dispute mainly concerns the valuation of UCB AG, which is the basis for the calculation 
of the price to be paid to the former minority shareholders. At present the proceeding is pending in the 
first instance.  
Squeeze-out of UCB Austria’s minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding) 
In 2008, approximately 70 former minority shareholders of UCB Austria commenced proceedings before 
the Commercial Court of Vienna claiming that the squeeze-out price paid to them, equal to Euro 129.4 
per share, was inadequate, and asking the court to review the adequacy of the amount paid (Appraisal 
Proceeding). At present the proceeding is pending in the first instance. 
Financial sanctions matters 
Following the settlement in April 2019 with the U.S. and New York Authorities, the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A., UCB AG and UCB Austria have implemented additional requirements and controls, 
about which the banks make periodic reports to the authorities. 
Euro-denominated bonds issued by EU countries 
On 31 January 2019, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and UCB AG received a Statement of 
Objections from the European Commission referring to the investigation by the European Commission 
of a suspected violation of antitrust rules in relation to European government bonds. The subject matter 
of the investigation extended to certain periods from 2007 to 2011, and included activities by UCB AG 
between September and November 2011. The European Commission concluded its investigation by 
issuance of its decision on 20 May 2021. The decision provides for the imposition of a fine of Euro 69.4 
million on the parent company UniCredit S.p.A and UCB AG; the amount of the fine is broadly in line 
with the provision previously recognized, thus – accordingly – it will not cause any material impact on 
the second quarter 2021 Group’s accounts.  
The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and UCB AG maintain that the findings do not demonstrate any 
wrongdoing on the part of the Group. They strongly object to the allegations made in the decision and to 
the imposition of the fine and will challenge the decision by filing an appeal in front of the General Court 
of the European Union. 
On 11 June 2019, UCB AG and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC were named, among other financial 
institutions, as defendants in a putative class action already pending in the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of New York. The third amended class action complaint, filed on 3 December 
2019, alleges a conspiracy among dealers of Euro-denominated bonds issued by European central banks 
to fix and manipulate the prices of those bonds, among other things by widening the bid-ask spreads they 
quoted to customers. The putative class consists of those who purchased or sold Euro-denominated bonds 
issued by European central banks in the US between 2007 and 2012. On 23 July 2020, the court granted 
motions to dismiss the third amended complaint by certain defendants, including UCB AG and UniCredit 
Capital Markets LLC, without prejudice. Plaintiffs filed their fourth amended class action complaint on 
9 February 2021, repleading their claim against UCB AG and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC and other 
financial institutions. Like earlier pleadings, the fourth amended class action complaint does not include 
a quantification of damages claimed. Exchange of correspondence concerning motions to dismiss the 
fourth amended complaint is commenced in April 2021. 
Proceedings related to claims for Witholding Tax Credits

--- Page 330 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
330 
On 31 July 2014, the Supervisory Board of UCB AG concluded its internal investigation into the so-
called “cum-ex” transactions (the short selling of equities around dividend dates and claims for 
withholding tax credits on German share dividends) at UCB AG. The findings of the Supervisory Board’s 
investigation indicated that the bank sustained losses due to certain past acts/omissions of individuals. 
The Supervisory Board has brought proceedings for compensation against three individual former 
members of the management board, not seeing reasons to take any action against the current members. 
In line with the suggestion of the Regional Court of Munich I, the conflicting parties settled the dispute 
out of court. 
In addition, criminal investigations have been conducted against current or former employees of UCB 
AG by the Prosecutors in Frankfurt am Main, Cologne and Munich with the aim of verifying alleged tax 
evasion offences on their part. UCB AG cooperated, and continues to cooperate, with the aforesaid 
Prosecutors who investigated offences that include alleged tax evasion in connection with cum-ex 
transactions both for UCB AG’s own book as well as for a former customer of UCB AG. Proceedings in 
Cologne against UCB AG and its former employees were closed in November 2015 with, inter alia, the 
payment of a fine of Euro 9.8 million by UCB AG. The investigations by the Frankfurt am Main 
Prosecutor against UCB AG under section 30 of the Administrative Offences Act (the 
Ordnungswidrigkeitengesetz) were closed in February 2016 with the payment of a fine of Euro 5 million. 
The investigation by the Munich Prosecutor against UCB AG was closed in April 2017 with legally 
binding effect following the payment of a forfeiture of Euro 5 million. 
In December 2018, in connection with an ongoing investigation against other financial institutions and 
former bank employees, UCB AG was informed by the Cologne prosecutor of the initiation of an 
investigation in connection with an administrative offence regarding “cum-ex” transactions involving 
Exchange Traded Funds (“ETF”). In April 2019, these investigations were extended to so called Ex/Ex-
transactions, in which an involvement of the bank in the sourcing of cum/ex transactions of other market 
participants on the ex-day is suspected. The facts are being examined internally. UCB AG is cooperating 
with the Authorities. 
The Munich tax authorities are currently performing a regular field audit of UCB AG for the years 2013 
to 2016, which includes, among other things, a review of other transactions in equities around the 
dividend record date. During these years, UCB AG performed, among other things, securities-lending 
transactions with different domestic counterparties which include, but are not limited to, different types 
of security transactions around the dividend date. It remains to be clarified whether, and under what 
circumstances, tax credits can be obtained or taxes refunded with regard to different types of transactions 
carried out close to the dividend record dates, and what the further consequences for the bank will be in 
the event of different tax treatment. It cannot be ruled out that UCB AG might be exposed to tax-claims 
in this respect by relevant tax-offices or third party claims under civil law. UCB AG is in constant 
communication with relevant regulatory authorities and the competent tax authorities regarding these 
matters. UCB AG has made provisions. 
Proceedings relating to certain forms of banking transactions 
The UniCredit Group is named as a defendant in several proceedings in matters connected to its 
operations with clients, which are not specific to the UniCredit Group, rather affect the financial sector 
in general. 
In this regard, as at 31 December 2020, (i) proceedings against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. 
pertaining to compound interest, typical of the Italian market, had a total claimed amount of Euro 1.1 
million, mediations included; (ii) proceedings pertaining to derivative products, mainly affecting the 
Italian market (for which the claimed amount against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. was Euro 744 
million, mediations included) and the German market (for which the claimed amount against UCB AG 
was Euro 27 million); and (iii) proceedings relating to foreign currency loans, mainly affecting the CEE 
countries (for which the claimed amount was around Euro 151 million). 
The proceedings pertaining to compound interest mainly involve damages requests from clients arising 
from the alleged unlawfulness of the calculation methods of the amount of interest payable in connection 
with certain banking contracts. At present, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. has made provisions 
that it deems appropriate for the risks associated with these claims.

--- Page 331 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
331 
With regard to the litigation connected to derivative products, several financial institutions, including 
UniCredit Group companies, entered into a number of derivative contracts, both with institutional and 
non-institutional investors. In Germany and in Italy there are a number of pending proceedings against 
certain Group companies that relate to derivative contracts concluded by both institutional and non-
institutional investors. The filing of such litigations affects the financial sector generally and is not 
specific to the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and its Group companies. At present, the parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. and the involved Group companies have made provisions deemed appropriate 
based on the best estimate of the impact which might derive from such proceedings. 
With respect to proceedings relating to foreign currency (FX) loans, in the last decade, a significant 
number of customers in the Central and Eastern Europe area took out these types of loans and mortgages 
denominated in a foreign currency. In a number of instances customers, or consumer associations acting 
on their behalf, have sought to renegotiate the terms of such FX loans and mortgages, including having 
the loan principal and associated interest payments redenominated in the local currency at the time that 
the loan was taken out, and floating rates retrospectively changed to fixed rates. In addition, in a number 
of countries legislation that impacts FX loans was proposed or implemented. These developments 
resulted in litigation against subsidiaries of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in a number of CEE 
countries including Croatia, Slovenia and Serbia. 
In 2015, the Republic of Croatia enacted amendments to the Consumer Lending Act and Credit 
Institutions Act mandating the conversion with retroactive effect of Swiss franc (CHF)-linked loans into 
Euro-linked (the “Conversion Amendments”). 
In September 2016, UCB Austria and Zagrebačka Banka (Zaba) initiated a claim against the Republic 
of Croatia under the Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Austria and the Government 
of the Republic of Croatia for the promotion and protection of investments in order to recover the losses 
suffered as a result of the Conversion Amendments. In the interim, Zaba complied with the provisions of 
the new law and adjusted accordingly all the respective contracts where the customers requested so. 
Following a hearing, the arbitral tribunal ruled on part of the Respondent’s jurisdictional objections. The 
arbitral proceedings remain pending. 
In 2019, the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia ruled that the CHF currency clause contained in 
certain loan and mortgage documentation was invalid. Accordingly, in the course of 2019, court 
decisions, recent court practice related to FX matters along with the expiration of the statute of limitation 
for filing individual lawsuits in respect of the invalidity of the interest rate clause, led to a significant 
increase in the number of new lawsuits against Zaba. In March 2020, the Supreme Court ruled that 
agreements entered into following the Conversion Amendments whereby customers converted their CHF 
mortgages and/or loans into Euro are valid and accordingly no additional payments are due. In October 
2020 the Supreme Court, as well as one additional lower court, approached the European Court of Justice 
with a request for preliminary ruling asking for an interpretation on the applicability of the Directive on 
unfair terms in consumer contracts and consequently whether a consumer who converted its loan in 
accordance with the terms of the of the Conversion Amendments is entitled to additional payments. The 
matter of the validity of the FX clauses contained in mortgages and loan documentation is still pending 
before the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Croatia. Provisions have been booked which are 
deemed appropriate. 
VIP 4 Medienfonds 
Various investors in Film & Entertainment VIP Medienfonds 4 GmbH & Co. KG to whom UCB AG 
issued loans to finance their participation, brought legal proceedings against UCB AG. In the context of 
the conclusion of the loan agreements, the plaintiffs claim that the Bank provided inadequate disclosure 
about the fund structure and the related tax consequences. A settlement was reached with the vast 
majority of the plaintiffs. An outstanding final decision with respect to the question of UCB AG's liability 
for the prospectus in the proceeding pursuant to the Capital Markets Test Case Act (Kapitalanleger-
Musterverfahrensgesetz) which is pending at Munich Higher Regional Court, will affect only a few 
pending cases. 
 
Vanderbilt related litigations

--- Page 332 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
332 
Claims brought or threatened by or on behalf of the State of New Mexico or any of its agencies or 
funds 
Vanderbilt Financial LLC (VCA) related litigations, where Pioneer Investment Management USA Inc., 
Pioneer Global Asset Management S.p.A. (PGAM), at the time controlled by UniCredit S.p.A. and 
incorporated by the latter in 2017, and the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. (the Defendants) were 
named as additional defendants by virtue of their corporate affiliation with VCA, including in legal 
proceedings brought by a former employee of the State of New Mexico (the Public Authority), who 
claimed to act as representative of the Public Authority for the losses suffered by the State of New Mexico 
during the 2006-08 market downturn on investments managed by VCA (mainly CDOs). The total amount 
of losses claimed in those proceedings is approximately $ 365 million. In 2012, the Defendants reached 
a settlement agreement for an amount of $ 24.25 million and the settlement amount was deposited into 
escrow at the beginning of 2013. The settlement is contingent on the Court’s approval, but that process 
was temporarily delayed pending the determination by the New Mexico Supreme Court of a legal matter 
in a separate lawsuit brought against a different set of defendants in other proceedings. The New Mexico 
Supreme Court issued its ruling on the awaited legal matter in June 2015 and in December 2015 the 
Defendants and the State of New Mexico renewed their request for Court approval of the settlement. The 
Court held a hearing in April 2016 and in June 2017 approved the settlement and directed that the claims 
against VCA and the Defendants be dismissed. A judgment to that effect was entered in September 2017 
and a motion by the former State employee seeking to set aside that judgment was denied by the Court 
in October 2017. Appeals from the judgment and the subsequent order were taken in October and 
November 2017 and in June 2020, the New Mexico Court of Appeals affirmed that judgment. A motion 
for rehearing was subsequently denied. In October 2020, the New Mexico Supreme Court declined to 
hear a further appeal, but the former State employee subsequently petitioned for rehearing, and that 
motion remains pending. The settlement cannot be effectuated while the appeal remains pending. If the 
judgment continues to be upheld on appeal, the escrowed amount will be paid over to the State of New 
Mexico and the Defendants, including UniCredit S.p.A., will all be released from all the claims that were 
or could have been brought by or on behalf of the State or any of its agencies or funds. 
Alpine Holding GmbH 
Legal proceedings against UCB Austria arose from bondholders’ claims commenced in June/July 2013. 
The claims stemmed from the insolvency of Alpine Holding GmbH, as UCB Austria acted as joint lead 
manager, together with another bank, for the undertaking of Alpine Holding GmbH bond issues in 2010 
and 2011. Bondholders’ claims are mainly referred to prospectus liability of the joint lead manager, 
whereas a minority of the cases is based on misselling due to allegedly unlawful investment advice. The 
damage claims amount to Euro 20.26 million. These proceedings are mainly pending in the first instance 
and may be adverse to UCB Austria. 
Most recently, the expert appointed by the Court in the majority of the civil proceedings has issued a 
report largely in favour of UCB Austria and the other issuing banks. Investors have a different reading 
of the report and have requested that the expert answers supplementary questions, as did the issuing 
banks. The processing of the supplementary questions is still pending. Therefore, the final outcome of 
the expert report cannot be assessed as of yet. 
In addition to the ongoing proceedings against UCB Austria stemming from the Alpine insolvency, 
additional Alpine-related actions have been threatened and may be filed in the future. The pending or 
future actions may have negative consequences for UCB Austria. Despite the favourable expert opinion 
mentioned above, at the moment it is impossible to estimate reliably the timing and results of the various 
actions, nor determine the level of liability, if any. 
Valauret S.A. 
Civil claim filed in 2004 by Valauret S.A. and Hughes de Lasteyrie du Saillant for losses resulting from 
the drop in the share price, between 2002 and 2003, including allegations on alleged fraudulent actions 
by members of the company’s Board of Directors and others. UCB Austria (as successor to Creditanstalt) 
was joined as the fourteenth defendant in 2007 based on the fact that it was banker to one of the 
defendants. The total claimed amount is equal to Euro 129.86 million (plus costs Euro 4.39 million). 
Furthermore, in 2006, before the action was extended to UCB Austria, the civil proceedings were 
suspended following the opening of criminal proceedings by the French State that are underway. In 
December 2008, the civil proceedings were also suspended against UCB Austria. Nevertheless, the

--- Page 333 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
333 
proceedings are still pending and may be adverse to UCB Austria, although the alleged claims are 
considered unfounded. 
Divania S.r.l. 
In 2007, Divania S.r.l. (now in bankruptcy) (Divania) filed a lawsuit in the Court of Bari against 
UniCredit Banca d’Impresa S.p.A. (then UniCredit Corporate Banking S.p.A. and now UniCredit S.p.A.) 
alleging violations of law relating, inter alia, to financial products in relation to certain rate and currency 
derivative transactions entered into between January 2000 and May 2005 first by Credito Italiano S.p.A. 
and subsequently by UniCredit Banca d’Impresa S.p.A. (now UniCredit S.p.A.), demanding damages in 
the amount of Euro 276.6 million, legal fees and interest. Divania also seeks the nullification of a 2005 
settlement reached by the parties in which Divania had agreed to waive any claims in respect of the 
transactions. In 2017, the Court of Bari ordered the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. to pay 
approximately Euro 7.6 million plus interests and part of the expenses in favour of Divania’s bankruptcy 
trustee and found that it did not have jurisdiction to rule on certain of Divania’s claims. The parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. appealed. 
Divania filed two additional lawsuits before the Court of Bari: (i) one for Euro 68.9 million in 2009 
(subsequently increased to Euro 80.5 million), essentially mirroring the claims brought in its lawsuit filed 
in 2007; and (ii) a second one for Euro 1.6 million in 2006. With respect to the first lawsuit, in May 2016, 
the Court of Bari ordered the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. to pay approximately Euro 12.6 million 
plus costs. The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. appealed. With respect to the second lawsuit, in 2015, 
the Court of Bari rejected Divania’s original claim and the judgment has res judicata effect. 
I Viaggi del Ventaglio Group (IVV) 
In 2011, IVV DE MEXICO S.A., TONLE S.A. and the bankruptcy trustee of IVV INTERNATIONAL 
S.A. filed a lawsuit against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in the Court of Milan demanding 
approximately Euro 68 million in damages. In 2014, the bankruptcy trustees of IVV Holding S.r.l. and 
IVV S.p.A. filed two additional lawsuits against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in the Court of 
Milan demanding Euro 48 million and Euro 170 million, respectively, in damages. In October 2019, the 
bankruptcy trustee of I Viaggi del Ventaglio Resorts Ventaglio Real Estate S.r.l. filed an additional 
lawsuit in the Court of Milan against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. demanding a total of Euro 
12.8 million in damages. 
The four lawsuits pertain to allegedly unlawful conduct with regard to certain loans and certain derivative 
transactions. At present, (i) the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. won the first case both in the first-
instance and on appeal; the plaintiffs may further appeal to the Supreme Court; (ii) the Bankruptcy 
Trustee and the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. reached a settlement agreement approved by the Court 
for the second case; (iii) the third case is pending in the first-instance and in July 2020 the bankruptcy 
trustee and the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. reached a settlement agreement by which the 
bankruptcy trustee will waive its claims against the Bank; the case will continue between the parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A., on one side, and the former statutory auditors and guarantors of the plaintiff, 
on the other, in light of the contribution claims raised by the latter against UniCredit S.p.A. in the context 
of the same proceedings; and (iv) in the fourth case the Court is to rule on the evidentiary requests 
submitted by the parties. 
Lawsuit brought by “Paolo Bolici” 
In May 2014, the company wholly owned by Paolo Bolici sued the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in 
the Court of Rome asking for the return of approximately Euro 12 million for compound interest 
(including alleged usury component) and Euro 400 million for damages. The company then went 
bankrupt. The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. won the case in the first instance and the appeal is 
pending. 
On 31 July 2020, Mr. Bolici’s business partner sued the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., seeking 
damages based on analogous facts to those alleged in the 2014 proceedings. 
Mazza

--- Page 334 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
334 
In 2005, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. filed a criminal complaint against a Notary, Mr. Mazza, 
representatives of certain companies and disloyal employees of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in 
relation to unlawful lending transactions in favour of certain clients for approximately Euro 84 million. 
The criminal court of first instance acquitted the defendants. This decision was reversed by the Court of 
Appeal of Rome, which found all the defendants guilty. 
Following the acquittal in the first-instance criminal proceedings, Mr. Mazza and other persons involved 
in the criminal proceedings filed two lawsuits for compensation claims against the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A.: (i) the first (commenced by Mr. Mazza with a claimed amount of approximately Euro 
15 million) has been ruled in favour of UniCredit and the plaintiffs have appealed; (ii) in the second 
(commenced by Como S.r.l. and Mr. Colella with a claimed amount of approximately Euro 379 million) 
case the Court of Rome ruled in favour of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and the plaintiffs may 
appeal. In the view of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., these lawsuits currently appear to be 
unfounded, in particular in light of the criminal judgment by the Court of Appeal of Rome and the civil 
judgment by the Court of Rome. 
So.De.Co. - Nuova Compagnia di Partecipazioni S.p.A. 
As part of a restructuring, in 2014, Ludoil Energy S.r.l. (Ludoil) acquired the “oil” business from Nuova 
Compagnia di Partecipazione S.p.A. (NCP). In March 2016, So.DeCo., a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Ludoil, filed a lawsuit in the Court of Rome against its former directors, NCP, the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. (in its capacity as holding company of NCP) and the external auditors 
(PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. and Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.) claiming damages of approximately 
Euro 94 million for allegedly failing to provision properly for supposed environmental risks and thereby 
causing the inflation of the sale price paid by Ludoil. In November 2019, the Court rejected So.De.Co.’s 
claims in their entirety and ordered it to pay costs in favour of the defendants. So.De.Co. appealed the 
judgment and reduced its claim to approximately Euro 17 million. In November 2017, So.De.Co. filed a 
separate lawsuit against NCP and its former directors. The case is ongoing. In February 2019, NCP 
commenced an arbitral proceeding against Ludoil (So.De.Co.’s sole shareholder). The proceedings are 
ongoing. 
Criminal proceedings 
Certain entities within UniCredit Group and certain of its representatives (including those no longer in 
office), are involved in various criminal proceedings and/or, as far as the parent company UniCredit 
S.p.A. is aware, are under investigation by the competent authorities with regard to various cases linked 
to banking transactions, including, specifically, in Italy, the offence pursuant to Article 644 (usury) of 
the Italian Criminal Code. 
At present, these criminal proceedings have had no significant negative impact on the operating results 
and capital and financial position of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or the Group, however 
there is a risk that, if the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or other UniCredit Group entities or their 
representatives (including those no longer in office) were to be convicted, these events could have an 
impact on the reputation of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or the UniCredit Group. 
In relation to the criminal proceedings relating to the diamond offer, see the following paragraph 
"Diamond offer".  
Labour-related Litigation 
The Companies are involved in employment law disputes and, as the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
are pending disputes brought against it. In general, provisions have been made, judged by the Parent 
Company and, time to time, by all the interested Subsidiaries as adequate in order to cover any potential 
and connected disbursement. On this matter we report lawsuits brought against UniCredit S.p.A. by 
members of the former Cassa di Risparmio di Roma Fund aimed to reconstitute the patrimony of the 
fund, ascertain and quantify social security individual position of each member. Claims’ value is about 
Euro 384 million. The litigations are now pending before the Supreme Court after two degrees decisions 
favorable to the Bank. No provision has been made as these claims are considered groundless. 
Diamond offer

--- Page 335 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
335 
Over the years, within the diversification of investments to which the available assets are addressed and 
also considering in this context those investments with the characteristics of the so-called "safe haven" 
with a long-term horizon, several UniCredit S.p.A.’s customers have historically invested in diamonds 
through a specialised intermediary company, with which the Bank has stipulated, since 1998, a 
collaboration agreement as "Introducer", in order to regulate the "reporting” methods of the offer of 
diamonds by the same company to UniCredit customers. 
Since the end of 2016, the liquidity available on the market to meet the requests of customers who 
intended to divest their diamond assets has contracted to a certain extent until it became nil, with the 
suspension of the service by the brokerage company. 
In 2017, UniCredit started a "customer care" initiative which envisaged the availability of the Bank to 
intervene for the acknowledgement towards the customer of the original cost incurred for the purchase 
of precious items and the consequent withdrawal of the stones, upon certain conditions. 
The initiative has been adopted assessing the absence of responsibility for its role as "Introducer"; 
nevertheless, the AGCM ascertained UniCredit’s responsibility for unfair commercial practice 
(confirmed in appeal by the Administrative Regional Court in the second half of 2018), imposing, in 
2017, a fine of Euro 4 million paid in the same year. Following the appeal filed by UniCredit against 
such ruling, the Administrative Tribunal in second instance reduced the fine imposed on UniCredit to 
Euro 2.8 million. 
On 8 March 2018, a specific communication was issued from the Bank of Italy concerning the "Related 
activities exercisable by banks", in which large attention was given to the reporting at the bank branches 
of operations, purchase and sale of diamonds by specialised third-party companies. 
As at 31 December 2020, UniCredit: 
• 
received reimbursement requests for a total amount of about Euro 404 million (cost originally 
incurred by the Clients) from No. 11,975 customers; according to a preliminary analysis, such 
requests fulfill the requirements envisaged by the "customer care” initiative; the finalisation of 
the reimbursement requests is currently carried out, aimed at assessing their effective compliance 
with the “customer care” initiative, and then proceed with the settlement where conditions recur; 
• 
with reference to the scope outlined in the previous point (Euro 404 million), reimbursed No. 
8,031 customers for about Euro 302 million (equivalent value of original purchases), equal to 
about 75 per cent. of the reimbursement requests said above. 
In order to cope with the probable risks of loss related to the repurchases of diamonds, a dedicated Risk 
and Charges Fund was set up; its quantification was also based on the outcome of an independent study 
(commissioned to a primary third company) aiming at evaluating the diamonds’ value. 
Finally, the gems purchased are recognised for about Euro 73 million in item “130. Other assets” of the 
balance sheet. This value is consistent with the main parameters of the reference market, and also reflects 
the likely effects associated with the liquidity crisis in the sector, heavily affected by the COVID-19 
outbreak which characterised the economic scenario in 2020. 
On 19 February 2019, the judge in charge of the preliminary investigation at the Court of Milan issued 
an interim seizure directed to UniCredit and other financial institutions aimed at: (i) direct confiscation 
of the amount of Euro 33 million against UniCredit for the offence of aggravated fraud and (ii) indirect 
as well as direct confiscation of the amount of Euro 72 thousand for the offence of self-laundering 
against UniCredit. From the seizure order it emerges that investigations for the administrative offence 
under Article 25-octies of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 are pending against UniCredit for the crime 
of self-laundering.  
On 2 October 2019, the Bank and certain individuals received the notice of conclusion of the 
investigations pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Italian Code of criminal procedure. The notice 
confirmed the involvement of certain current and former employees for the offence of aggravated fraud 
and self-laundering. With regard to the latter, self-laundering serves as a predicate crime for the 
administrative liability of the Bank under Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. In September 2020, a new

--- Page 336 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
336 
notice pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Italian Code of Criminal Procedure was served on certain 
individuals already involved in the proceedings. The allegations against the UniCredit individuals only 
pertain to the offence of fraud. Such new allegations do not modify the overall investigative framework 
as per the notice served in the autumn of 2019. Following the notification of the notices pursuant to 
Article 415-bis, if the Public Prosecutor determines to request the indictment for all or part of the 
subjects involved, the preliminary hearing phase will take place. 
Proceeedings related to Tax matters 
Pending cases arising during the period 
UniCredit filed a claim, in September 2020, against a partial denial of an IRES tax refund for the years 
2007, 2008 and 2009 following a partial refund in July 2020. The amount of the litigation is Euro 1,9 
million, equal to the amount of the credit registered in the accounting books of the bank. The claim aims 
at receiving the repayment of a share of principal and higher interests accrued on the principal already 
paid as well as on the share of principal still to be paid. 
Updates on pending disputes and tax audits 
With reference to pending disputes and tax audits, the following information is reported: 
• 
At the end of the proceedings amounting to Euro 0.5 million pending before the Supreme Court 
relating to a tax assessment for IRPEG and ILOR 1987 referred to former Carimonte Banca 
S.p.A., the Court issued a judgment in July 2020 partially in favour of the bank (it upheld the 
claim concerning the calculation of the percentage of deductibility of passive interests and other 
costs and charges for ILOR purposes) and referred the parties to the second degree Tax Court. 
The bank, following an in-depth assessment of the outcome of the referred proceedings, decided 
not to file a claim before the second degree Tax Court. 
 
• 
As to a set of proceedings relating to denial of refund of IRAP 2001 credits and IRPEG 2000 
and 2001 credits, for a total amount of Euro 9.3 million, the Tax Agency filed different claims 
before the Supreme Court against the judgements issued in favour of the bank by the second 
degree Tax Court and it also filed appeals for the revision of said judgements. The proceedings 
are actually pending before both the Supreme Court and the second-degree Tax Court. 
 
• 
UniCredit, following a tax audit carried out on the “Fondo Pensione C.C.R.V.E.”, was served 
with notices imposing penalties for VAT purposes against former UniCredit Real Estate S.C.p.a., 
for alleged violation of invoicing rules in relation to rental fees paid to Fondo Pensione 
C.C.R.V.E. for the years 2007 – 2012. As to the fiscal years 2007 – 2011, the proceedings are 
pending before the Supreme Court (Euro 0.5 million). As concerns the year 2012 (Euro 0.1 
million), UniCredit, in November 2020, filed an appeal before the second-degree Tax Court 
against the decision of the first-degree Tax Court and the proceeding is pending. 
 
• 
In the context of a set of litigations in charge to UniCredit S.p.A., following the sale back, in 
June 2020, of tax credits previously assigned to Banca Farmafactoring. S.p.A., with specific 
reference to a litigation concerning the implied decision of denial (“silenzio rifiuto”) of a tax 
refund request for IRPEG 1997 submitted by former Banca di Roma S.p.A., equal to Euro 43.5 
million, UniCredit, in September 2020, filed an appeal against the decision of the first-degree 
Tax Court. For the other litigations relating to the same matter, UniCredit will become a party 
in the proceedings and will request the exclusion of Banca FarmaFactoring from said 
proceedings according to Article 111, Italian Code of Civil Procedure. 
 
• 
The Supreme Court issued a decision in September 2020 regarding a notice of assessment 
referred to former UniCredit Banca S.p.A. and concerning VAT 2004 for a claimed amount of 
Euro 2,27 million. The decision is partially in favour of the Tax Agency and the Supreme Court 
referred the parties to the second-degree Tax Court to rule also on legal expenses. The claims

--- Page 337 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
337 
raised by the Tax Agency are related to the costs paid by some legal entities of the Group for 
company meetings abroad. The bank will file a claim before the second-degree Tax Court. 
 
• 
With reference to the settlement of tax litigations, the following information is reported: 
 
o 
as to the settlement of tax litigations according to Law Decree No. 119/2018 with the 
payment of Euro 2,1 million, that was mentioned in the financial statements of 2019, 
all settlements were finalized as no formal denial has been notified by the Tax Agency, 
according to Article 6 of Law Decree No. 119/2018; moreover, the proceedings were 
suspended up to 31 December 2020; 
o 
the litigation relating to a request of payment served to UniCredit S.p.A. in its quality 
of incorporating entity of UniCredit Bank Austria A.G. Italian branch, by which it 
was claimed failure to pay withholding taxes for an amount of Euro 1,5 million, was 
settled out of Court following the total cancellation of the request by the Tax Agency; 
o 
in March 2020, UniCredit Bank A.G. Milan branch was served with a request of 
documents on transfer pricing issues for the fiscal years 2015, 2016 and 2017; the 
claim was settled by means of the so-called “accertamento con adesione” 
administrative procedure with the payment of Euro 0.8 million. 
 
• 
As to the notices of assessment relating to VAT for the fiscal years 2013 e 2014 referred to 
UniCredit Bank A.G. Italian branch, total amount Euro 27,31 million, in October 2020, the Tax 
Agency cancelled the requests for the entire amount for both the fiscal years. 
• 
The Italian Tax Police (“Guardia di Finanza”) carried out on UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. a tax 
audit for the fiscal years 2014 – 2017: for the year 2014 the company was served with a notice 
of assessment and Euro 0.22 million were paid; for the year 2015 the Tax Policy issued a tax 
audit report, no claims were raised and the bank notified its comments (“osservazioni”). The 
audit aimed at assessing compliance with tax obligations relating to VAT with specific reference 
to leasing contracts concerning ships sailing on high seas and used for trade purposes for the 
years 2014 – 2017. As concerns the fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the tax audit is ongoing. 
 
For more information, reference is made to the information that has been disclosed in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 2019, the provisions for tax risks referred to tax litigation, tax audit and tax credits 
amounted to Euro 177.9 million, of which Euro 6.5 million for legal expenses. As at 31 December 2020, 
the provisions for the above-mentioned tax risks amount to Euro 180.76 million, of which Euro 6.37 
million for legal expenses. 
Proceedings connected with Supervisory Authority Measures 
The UniCredit Group is subject to complex regulation and supervision by, inter alia, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the EBA, the ECB within the European System of Central Banks (ESCB), as well as other 
supervisory authorities. In this context, the UniCredit Group is subject to normal supervision by the 
competent authorities. Some supervisory actions have resulted in investigations and charges of alleged 
irregularities that are in progress as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Group has acted to prove the 
regularity of its operations and does not believe that these proceedings could have relevant effects on the 
financial situation or profitability of the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, on 5 February 2020, the Italian Personal Data Protection Authority 
notified UniCredit of the start of sanctioning proceedings regarding a violation of customers' personal 
data following a Cyber-attack (data breach) occurred in October 2018, communicated through its Group 
website on 22 October 2018. As required by the “Italian personal data protection Code” (Article 166, c. 
6 of Legislative Decree 196/03) the Bank has presented its statement of defence on the matter and 
explained its argument during the hearing with the Authority in September 2020. It is currently not 
possible to define the timeline and outcome of the proceedings.

--- Page 338 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
338 
7. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
7.1 
Share capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit's share capital, fully subscribed and paid up, amounted 
to Euro 21,133,469,082.48, comprising 2,243,550,408 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
7.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The Issuer was established in Genoa, Italy by way of a private deed dated 28 April 1870. 
The Issuer is registered with the Company Register of Milano-Monza-Brianza-Lodi under registration 
number, fiscal code and VAT number no. 00348170101. 
The 
current 
Articles 
of 
Association 
was 
registered 
with 
the 
Company 
Register 
of 
Milano-Monza-Brianza-Lodi on 30 March 2021. 
Pursuant to Clause 4 of the Articles of Association, the purpose of the Issuer is to engage in deposit-
taking and lending in its various forms, in Italy and abroad, operating wherever in accordance with 
prevailing norms and practice. It may execute, while complying with prevailing legal requirements, all 
permitted transactions and services of a banking and financial nature. In order to achieve its corporate 
purpose as efficiently as possible, the Issuer may engage in any activity that is instrumental or in any 
case related to the above. The Issuer, in compliance with current legal provisions, may issue bonds and 
acquire shareholdings in Italy and abroad. 
8. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
8.1 
Except for the ordinary course of business, UniCredit has not entered into any material contract which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being issued.

--- Page 339 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
339 
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer 
believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Trustee (in the case of English Law Notes), the Agents nor any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the 
Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Trustee (in the case of English Law Notes), the Agents nor 
any other party to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and to the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records or payments relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Information in this section has been derived from the Clearing Systems. 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, a 
member of the Federal Reserve System and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the 
Exchange Act. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for securities that its participants (Direct Participants) 
deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other 
securities transactions in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes between Direct 
Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct 
participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Depositary Trust & 
Clearing Corporation (DTCC). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation 
and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the 
users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers 
and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct 
Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants) and, together with Direct Participants, 
Participants). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org but such 
information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. DTC has Standard 
& Poor’s highest rating: AAA. The DTC Rules applicable to its Direct or Indirect Participants are on file with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com (For the 
avoidance of doubt the content of the website www.dtcc.com does not form part of this Base Prospectus). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the DTC Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to 
Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described below and receives and 
transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes are required to make book-entry transfers and 
receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who 
hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC 
Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants can 
receive payments and transfer their interest with respect to the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by

--- Page 340 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
340 
entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-
entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or 
such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial 
Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts 
such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping an account of their holdings of DTC Notes on behalf of their 
customers. 
Delivery of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements 
among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes of a Series are being redeemed, DTC’s 
practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such Series to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes unless 
authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
will mail an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns 
Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are 
credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be 
requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon 
DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such other 
nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings shown in DTC’s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Direct or Indirect Participant and not of DTC or its nominee or 
the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of 
principal and interest to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative 
of DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the 
responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”.  
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its Participant, 
to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct Participant to transfer the 
Participant’s interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC’s records, to the relevant agent. The requirement for physical 
delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied 
when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC’s records and followed 
by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant agent’s DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor 
depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a successor 
securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take

--- Page 341 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
341 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as described 
below. The Issuer does not accept any responsibility or liability for any such payments to be made by DTC or by 
Direct or Indirect Participants. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective accountholders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an accountholder of either system. 
BOOK-ENTRY OWNERSHIP OF AND PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF DTC NOTES 
The Issuer will apply to DTC in order to have each Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial 
interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of DTC Participants. Such accounts initially 
will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered 
Global Note will be held through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants of DTC, including, in the case of any 
Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests 
of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
registered in the name of DTC’s nominee will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered holder of 
such Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made by the Issuer 
to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC's nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the 
Registered Global Notes in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such 
payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit the accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial owners 
of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for 
the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, 
on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
TRANSFERS OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form (see “Form of the Notes”). Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants 
in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that 
do not participate in the DTC system or to otherwise take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a

--- Page 342 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
342 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if 
the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will 
be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have 
been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have 
a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC Participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a delivery free 
of payment basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear or their Direct or Indirect Participants or accountholders of their obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations, nor will the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer have any liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes 
represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial interests.

--- Page 343 ---
Taxation 
343 
Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities 
or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
The tax legislation of the Noteholder's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (Decree 239) provides for the applicable 
regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, by Italian banks.  
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital 
financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, 
other than shares and assimilated instruments, as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 
August 2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as further amended and 
clarified by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, and by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, 
converted into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected; (b) a non-commercial partnership (with the exception of general partnership, limited 
partnership and similar entities); (c) a non-commercial private or public institution; or (d) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation (unless the Noteholders has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito 
regime – see “Capital gains tax” below), interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued during 
the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent. In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.   
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to the 
regional tax on productive activities (IRAP)).

--- Page 344 ---
Taxation 
344 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), and Article 9, par. 1, Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the Financial Services Act) or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and 
Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (the Real Estate SICAFs and, together with the Italian 
resident real estate investment funds, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders 
or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund 
is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution.   
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an investment 
company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable 
capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. (the 
Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax).  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
as set forth by Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies (società di 
gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance 
(each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary (a) must (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of 
centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry 
of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and (b) intervene, in any 
way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes 
are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying interest to a Noteholder.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial 
owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 
2017 and possibly further amended according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree 
No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is established in a country 
included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein.

--- Page 345 ---
Taxation 
345 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any) to interest, premium and other income paid to Noteholders who are resident, 
for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the payments 
of interest, premium or other income and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM 
or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the 
deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in 
which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. 
Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on interests 
payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible for 
a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax residence 
of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of 
periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or 
to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), if 
such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-
Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, 
any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an 
imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set off losses with gains.

--- Page 346 ---
Taxation 
346 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption 
of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may choose one of the three regimes described 
below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Noteholders under 
(i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital 
gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the investor in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such 
year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Notes (the “risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed 
subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
(including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (b) an express election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is 
responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by 
the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the 
Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the 
so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent., to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Real 
Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate 
Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the 
investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the 
unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. Such result 
will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders of shareholders may be 
subject to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law.

--- Page 347 ---
Taxation 
347 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets are neither subject to 
the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, a non-
Italian resident beneficial owner of the capital gains relating to the Notes without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected is not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised 
upon sale or redemption of the Notes, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country which 
allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List; or (b) is an international 
entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an 
institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White List even if it does not possess the 
status of taxpayer therein. In such cases, in order to benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital 
gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and 
elect to be subject to the risparmio gestito regime or are subject to the so-called risparmio amministrato regime 
according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, may be required to produce in 
due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the 
subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or 
redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 
26 per cent.  
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a result 
of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. Under certain conditions 
the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by 
Italian law are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the 
following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of 
€200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in the case of voluntary registration, explicit 
reference (enunciazione) or case of use (caso d’uso).

--- Page 348 ---
Taxation 
348 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (Decree 201), a proportional stamp duty applies 
on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for 
the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; and cannot exceed €14,000 for 
taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or redemption amount or in the case the nominal or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank 
of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and Article 18-bis of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial 
private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnerships, holding the Notes outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (IVAFE). For taxpayers other than individuals, 
IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
THIS TAX IS CALCULATED ON THE MARKET VALUE OF THE NOTES AT THE END OF THE 
RELEVANT YEAR OR, IF NO MARKET VALUE FIGURE IS AVAILABLE, THE NOMINAL VALUE 
OR THE REDEMPTION VALUE OR IN THE CASE THE NOMINAL OR REDEMPTION VALUES 
CANNOT BE DETERMINED, ON THE PURCHASE VALUE OF SUCH FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD 
OUTSIDE THE ITALIAN TERRITORY. TAXPAYERS ARE ENTITLED TO AN ITALIAN TAX 
CREDIT EQUIVALENT TO THE AMOUNT OF WEALTH TAXES PAID IN THE STATE WHERE 
THE FINANCIAL ASSETS ARE HELD (UP TO AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE ITALIAN WEALTH 
TAX DUE). 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG 
The following information is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 (the 
Relibi Law), as amended, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding

--- Page 349 ---
Taxation 
349 
tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Automatic Exchange of Information 
The Issuer may be required to report certain information about its holders of Notes and, as the case may be, about 
individuals controlling holders of Notes that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg 
direct tax administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Luxembourg law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA, and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 
implementing Council Directive 2014/107/EU and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account 
information in tax matters developed by the OECD with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the “Common 
Reporting Standard”), each as amended from time to time (each an AEOI Law and collectively the AEOI Laws). 
Such information, which may include personal data (including, without limitation, the name, address, country(ies) 
of tax residence, date and place of birth and tax identification number(s) of any reportable individual) and certain 
financial data about the relevant Notes (including, without limitation, their balance or value and gross payments 
made thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg direct tax administration to the competent authorities of 
the relevant foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and subject to, the relevant Luxembourg legislation and 
international agreements. 
Investors should consult their professional tax advisers. 
TAXATION IN THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY  
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all German tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances 
that may apply to a particular purchaser. This overview is based on the tax laws of Germany currently in force 
and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect. 
As each Series or Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms of such 
Series or Tranche of Notes as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following section only provides some 
general information on the possible tax treatment. Tax consequences that may arise if an investor combines 
certain series of Notes so that he or she derives a certain return are not discussed herein. 
The law as currently in effect provides for a reduced tax rate for certain investment income. There is an on-going 
discussion in Germany whether the reduced tax rate should be increased or abolished altogether so that 
investment income would be taxed at regular rates. It is still unclear, whether, how and when the current 
discussion may result in any legislative changes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes, including the effect of any state, local or church taxes, under the tax 
laws of Germany and any country in which they are resident or whose tax laws apply to them for other reasons. 
German Tax Residents 
This section “German Tax Residents” refers to persons who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose 
residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of effective management and control is located in Germany). 
Withholding tax on on-going payments and capital gains 
On-going payments received by a non-business Noteholder will be subject to German withholding tax if the Notes 
are kept or administered in a custodial account with a German branch of a German or non-German bank or 
financial services institution, a German securities trading company or a German securities trading bank (each, a 
Disbursing Agent, auszahlende Stelle). The tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge at a rate of 5.5 per 
cent. thereon, the total withholding being 26.375 per cent.). For individual Noteholders who are subject to church 
tax an electronic information system for church withholding tax purposes applies in relation to investment income, 
with the effect that church tax will be collected by the Disbursing Agent by way of withholding unless the

--- Page 350 ---
Taxation 
350 
Noteholder has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in which case the Noteholder will be assessed to church tax. 
The same treatment applies to capital gains (i.e. the difference between the proceeds from the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment after deduction of expenses directly related to the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment and the cost of acquisition) derived by a non-business Noteholder provided the Notes 
have been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent since the time of their 
acquisition. If similar Notes kept or administered in the same custodial account were acquired at different points 
in time, the Notes first acquired will be deemed to have been sold first for the purposes of determining the capital 
gains. Where Notes are acquired and/or sold or redeemed in a currency other than Euro, the sales/redemption price 
and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on 
the sale or redemption date and the acquisition date respectively with the result that any currency gains or losses 
are part of the capital gains. If the principal debtor of the Notes is substituted, this substitution might, for German 
tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the Notes for new notes issued by the new principal debtor. Such a 
substitution could result in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss for the respective investors. If Coupons or 
interest claims are disposed of separately (i.e. without the Notes), the proceeds from the disposal are subject to 
withholding tax. The same applies to proceeds from the payment of Coupons or interest claims if the Notes have 
been disposed of separately. 
To the extent the Notes have not been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent 
since the time of their acquisition, upon the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment withholding tax 
applies at a rate of 26.375 per cent. (including solidarity surcharge, plus church tax, if applicable) on 30 per cent. 
of the disposal proceeds (plus interest accrued on the Notes (Accrued Interest, Stückzinsen), if any), unless the 
current Disbursing Agent has been notified of the actual acquisition costs of the Notes by the previous Disbursing 
Agent or by a statement of a bank or financial services institution from another Member State of the European 
Union or the European Economic Area or from certain other countries (e.g. Switzerland or Andorra). 
Pursuant to administrative guidance losses incurred by a Noteholder from bad debt (Forderungsausfall) or a 
waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) are generally not tax-deductible. Despite conflicting case law of the 
Federal Tax Court (Bundesfinanzhof) in this regard and deviating provisions for the tax levied by assessment (see 
below) the Disbursing Agent has to follow the view of the tax authorities expressed in the administrative guidance 
when computing the tax to be withheld. It is not yet clear if and to what extent the tax authorities will reflect the 
recent developments in their interpretation of the law. The same rules should apply if the Notes expire worthless. 
In computing any German tax to be withheld, the Disbursing Agent generally deducts from the basis of the 
withholding tax negative investment income realised by a non-business Noteholder via the Disbursing Agent (e.g. 
losses from the sale of other securities with the exception of shares) subject to certain requirements. The 
Disbursing Agent also deducts Accrued Interest on the Notes or other securities paid separately upon the 
acquisition of the respective security by a non-business Noteholder via the Disbursing Agent. In addition, subject 
to certain requirements and restrictions the Disbursing Agent credits foreign withholding taxes levied on 
investment income in a given year regarding securities held by a non-business Noteholder in the custodial account 
with the Disbursing Agent. 
Non-business Noteholders are entitled to an annual allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of €801 (€1,602 for couples 
and partners filing jointly) for all investment income received in a given year. Upon the non-business Noteholder 
filing an exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent, the Disbursing Agent will take 
the allowance into account when computing the amount of tax to be withheld. No withholding tax will be deducted 
if the Noteholder has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungs-
Bescheinigung) issued by the competent local tax office. 
German withholding tax will not apply to gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of Notes 
held by a corporation while on-going payments, such as interest payments, are subject to withholding tax 
(irrespective of any deductions of foreign tax and capital losses incurred). The same may apply where the Notes 
form part of a trade or business, subject to further requirements being met. 
Taxation of current income and capital gains 
The personal income tax liability of a non-business Noteholder deriving income from capital investments under 
the Notes is, in principle, settled by the tax withheld. To the extent withholding tax has not been levied, such as 
in the case of Notes kept in custody abroad, or if no Disbursing Agent is involved in the payment process, the 
non-business Noteholder must report his or her income and capital gains derived from the Notes on his or her tax

--- Page 351 ---
Taxation 
351 
return and then will also be taxed at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge and church tax thereon, where 
applicable). If the withholding tax on a disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment has been calculated from 
30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds (rather than from the actual gain), a non-business Noteholder may and in 
case the actual gain is higher than 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds must also apply for an assessment on the 
basis of his or her actual acquisition costs. Further, a non-business Noteholder may request that all investment 
income of a given year is taxed at his or her lower individual tax rate based upon an assessment to tax with any 
amounts over withheld being refunded. In each case, the deduction of expenses (other than transaction costs) on 
an itemized basis is not permitted. 
Losses incurred with respect to the Notes can, in certain cases subject to certain limitations, only be off-set against 
investment income of the non-business Noteholder realised in the same or the following years. Losses from capital 
claims of private investors may be offset against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of 
EUR 20,000.00 p.a. Losses exceeding that threshold can be carried forward. 
Where Notes form part of a trade or business the withholding tax, if any, will not settle the personal or corporate 
income tax liability. Where Notes form part of a trade or business, interest (accrued) must be taken into account 
as income. Where Notes qualify as Zero Coupon Notes and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of 
the difference between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be 
taken into account. The respective Noteholder will have to report income and related (business) expenses on the 
tax return and the balance will be taxed at the Noteholder’s applicable tax rate. Withholding tax levied, if any, 
will be credited against the personal or corporate income tax of the Noteholder. 
Where Notes form part of a German trade or business the current income and gains from the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment of the Notes may also be subject to German trade tax. Where according to an applicable 
accounting standard Notes include an embedded derivative the Noteholder may have to account for a receivable 
and a derivative. The deduction of losses from derivatives may be ring-fenced as discussed below. 
Non-German Tax Residents 
Interest and capital gains are not subject to German taxation, unless (a) the Notes form part of the business property 
of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by 
the Noteholder or (b) the income otherwise constitutes German-source income. In cases (a) and (b) a tax regime 
similar to that explained above in the subsection “German Tax Residents” applies. 
Non residents of Germany are, in general, exempt from German withholding tax on interest and capital gains. 
However, where the income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph and the Notes 
are kept or administered in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, withholding tax may be levied under 
certain circumstances. Where Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or 
proceeds from the disposal, assignment or redemption of a Note or a Coupon are paid by a Disbursing Agent to a 
non-resident upon delivery of the Note or the Coupon, withholding tax generally will also apply. The withholding 
tax may be refunded based on an assessment to tax or under an applicable tax treaty. 
Solidarity surcharge  
Please note that according to a bill enacted in December 2019, the solidarity surcharge is partially abolished as of 
the assessment period 2021 for certain individuals. The solidarity surcharge continues to apply to investment 
income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-business 
Noteholder tax resident in Germany is lower than 25 per cent. such Noteholder can apply for his/her investment 
income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which case solidarity surcharge would 
be refunded (see above). 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Notes will arise under the laws of Germany, if, in the case of 
inheritance tax, neither the deceased nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the donor nor the donee, 
is a resident of Germany and such Note is not attributable to a German trade or business for which a permanent 
establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in Germany. Exceptions from this 
rule apply to certain German expatriates.

--- Page 352 ---
Taxation 
352 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or such duties will be payable in Germany in connection with the issuance, 
delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany.] 
TAXATION IN AUSTRIA  
This section on taxation contains a brief overview of the Issuer's understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes 
in Austria. This overview does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and does not deal 
with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The following comments 
are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. They are not intended 
to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This overview is based on the currently 
applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as their respective 
interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may possibly also be 
effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences described. It is 
recommended that potential investors in the Notes consult with their legal and tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes. Tax risks resulting from the Notes (in particular 
from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian 
Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011) or as equity for tax purposes instead of debt) shall 
in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the Notes are 
legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are 
subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax 
liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their habitual 
abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income 
tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), both 
as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to corporate income 
tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management nor their 
legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources 
(limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Austrian statutory law does not contain specific provisions on the qualification of Additional Tier 1 instruments 
for Austrian (corporate) income tax purposes. However, pursuant to § 8(3)(1) item 2 of the Austrian Corporate 
Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), which is typically applied for purposes of qualifying hybrid 
instruments either as equity or as debt for Austrian (corporate) income tax purposes, jouissance rights and other 
financial instruments (Genussrechte und sonstige Finanzierungsinstrumente) granting a right to participate in both 
the current profits and the liquidation profits of the issuer are to be qualified as equity instruments. In contrast 
thereto, jouissance rights and other financial instruments granting a right to participate either in the current profits 
or in the liquidation profits of the issuer or in neither of the two categories are to be qualified as debt instruments. 
In addition, reference has to be made to jurisprudence of the Austrian Supreme Administrative Court 
(Verwaltungsgerichthof). Pursuant thereto, in order that hybrid instruments, such as jouissance rights, qualify as 
equity, it is indispensable that they grant a right to participate in both the current profits and the liquidation profits 
of an issuer; in addition, typical equity-like criteria have to outweigh typical debt-like criteria from a quantitative 
and qualitative perspective, thereby taking into account the instrument's term, the profit dependency of 
distributions, the participation in the issuer's substance/liquidation gain, the granting of securities, a potential 
subordination and the lack of typical shareholder control and voting rights. The Austrian Ministry of Finance

--- Page 353 ---
Taxation 
353 
(Bundesministerium für Finanzen) states the following in the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Guidelines 
(Körperschaftsteuerrichtlinien): Instruments qualify as equity-type jouissance rights and other financial 
instruments in the meaning of § 8(3)(1) item 2 of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act if they grant a right to 
participate in the current profits and the liquidation profits of a corporation. Both prerequisites mentioned in the 
statute must be fulfilled. In case no participation in the current profits, in the liquidation profits, or in both types 
of profits exists, an instrument qualifies as a debt-type jouissance right (i.e., as debt); consequently, payments 
under such an instrument are tax deductible. Jouissance rights and other financial instruments fulfilling the 
prerequisites of § 8(3)(1) item 2 of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act are to be qualified as equity for income 
tax purposes; all kinds of distributions under such instruments qualify as tax-neutral use of income. Additional 
Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments in the meaning of arts. 51 and 62 CRR are qualified as equity or debt 
for tax purposes in line with the criteria outlined in § 8(3)(1) item 2 of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act; 
usually such instruments will qualify as debt for tax purposes. For purposes of the following, the Issuer assumes 
that the Notes qualify as debt for Austrian (corporate) income tax purposes. In case of a qualification of the Notes 
as equity, the tax consequences would substantially differ from those described below. 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
(a) 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to 
sec. 27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the 
amount of the earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
(b) 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero coupon bonds); the tax 
basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs, in each case 
including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); and 
(c) 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other realisation 
of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index certificates (the 
mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax 
basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 
27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Also the withdrawal of the Notes from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances leading to 
a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Notes vis-à-vis other countries, e.g. a relocation from 
Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as non-business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an 
Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat 
rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld (final 
taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the Notes without 
an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject to income tax at the 
flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to income 
tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax 
rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The acquisition 
costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: 
negative income from realised increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against interest 
from bank accounts and other non-securitized claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements 
and lending fees) nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other 
comparable legal estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit

--- Page 354 ---
Taxation 
354 
einer Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate 
(this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not 
already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The 
Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's 
securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to 
issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 
27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the letting of capital, 
income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in the investor's 
income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment income from the 
Notes without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject 
to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the 
lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives 
if realizing these types of income constitutes a key area of the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 
20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant 
to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from 
the alienation, redemption and other realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are 
primarily to be offset against income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives 
and with appreciations in value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben 
Betriebes); only 55 per cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of 
income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, corporations subject to unlimited corporate 
income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes at a rate of 25 per cent. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a 
flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding 
agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding 
tax can be credited against the corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of 
the Notes can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Notes as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25 per cent. on interest 
income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the latter are in 
the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must not include 
ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 12(2) 
of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered insofar as distributions 
subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. Investment income from the 
Notes with an Austrian nexus is in general subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, 
pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate 
if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax 
triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is 
not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the Notes if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the Notes are 
attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) 
of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited income tax liability 
in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act and

--- Page 355 ---
Taxation 
355 
accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act from the Notes if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if withholding tax is levied on 
such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident in a state with which automatic 
exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of residence to the withholding agent. 
Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its place of management and/or its legal 
seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit institution; accrued interest with an Austrian 
nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The Issuer understands that no taxation applies in the case at hand. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin of 
which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which is not Austria; 
and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are 
organized in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis either 
of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions is 
fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its 
state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking are 
in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax, 
at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or material 
tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real estate are 
exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences would substantially 
differ from those described above: A special type of transparency principle would be applied, pursuant to 
which generally both distributed income as well as deemed income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) 
income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer 
tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Austrian 
Foundation 
Transfer 
Tax 
Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a domicile, 
their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions apply 
in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is subject to 
income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis is the fair 
market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The tax rate 
generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the 
donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. 
Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold 
of EUR 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made 
exceeds an amount of EUR 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to 
foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described above are also exempt from 
the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10 
per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Notes may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant to 
sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Stamp duty 
The assignment of receivables and other rights (and, under certain circumstances, the transfer of a contractual 
position) triggers Austrian stamp duty (Rechtsgeschäftsgebühr) pursuant to the Austrian Stamp Duty Act 
(Gebührengesetz) if (i) a written deed (Urkunde) pursuant to sec. 15 of the Austrian Stamp Duty Act is set up and

--- Page 356 ---
Taxation 
356 
(ii) an Austrian nexus in the sense of sec. 16 of the Austrian Stamp Duty Act exists. Such stamp duty generally 
amounts to 0.8 per cent. of the consideration. 
THE EUROPEAN PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the participating Member States) as well as Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Therefore, it is currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the participating EU 
Member States and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Notes. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a 
foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements wth the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdiction. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently 
in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs 
to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are published generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional 
notes (as described under Condition 19 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
TAXATION IN SINGAPORE 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax laws in Singapore 
and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (the IRAS) and

--- Page 357 ---
Taxation 
357 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any 
changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation of those laws, guidelines or 
circulars, occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. These laws, guidelines 
and circulars are also subject to various interpretations and no assurance can be given that the relevant tax 
authorities or the courts will agree with the explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements 
nor any other statements in this Base Prospectus are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax position 
of any holder of the Notes or of any person acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the Notes or on any tax 
implications arising from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Notes. The statements made 
herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes (particularly structured Notes) and 
do not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant financial sector 
incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax rates. The statements should not be regarded as advice on the 
tax position of any person and should be treated with appropriate caution. The statements also do not consider 
any specific facts or circumstance that may apply to any particular purchaser. Noteholders and prospective 
Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional tax advisers as to the Singapore or other tax 
consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposal of the Notes, including the effect of any foreign, state or 
local tax laws to which they are subject.  
It is emphasised that neither the Issuer nor any Dealer nor any other persons involved in the Programme accept 
responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription for, or purchase, holding or disposal 
of the Notes. 
The descriptions below are not intended to apply to any Notes issued by, or issued for the purposes of funding, 
the Singapore Branch of the Issuer. 
Interest and Other Payments 
If more than half of any tranche of Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus 
and on or before 31 December 2023 are distributed by financial sector incentive (bond market) companies or 
financial sector incentive (capital market) companies or financial sector incentive (standard tier) companies for 
the purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore (ITA), that tranche of Notes (Relevant Notes) 
would be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the ITA and, subject to certain conditions having been 
fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt securitiesto the MAS in respect of the Relevant Notes within 
such period as the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Notes as the MAS 
may require), interest, discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading), 
prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost (collectively, Specified Income) from the Relevant Notes 
derived by any company or body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is subject to income tax at a 
concessionary rate of 10 per cent (except for holders of the relevant financial sector incentive(s) who may be taxed 
at different rates). 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from any of the 
Relevant Notes by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on any operations in Singapore 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities 
(subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if such person acquires such Relevant Notes using 
the funds and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person 
whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Relevant 
Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of 
income made under the ITA. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(a) 
if during the primary launch of any Relevant Notes, the Relevant Notes are issued to fewer than 4-four 
persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes is beneficially held or funded, 
directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, such Relevant Notes would not qualify as 
"qualifying debt securities"; and 
(b) 
even though Relevant Notes are "qualifying debt securities", if, at any time during the tenure of such 
Relevant Notes, 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Notes is beneficially held or funded,

--- Page 358 ---
Taxation 
358 
directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, Specified Income from such Relevant Notes derived 
by: 
(i) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the concessionary rate of tax of 10 per cent. as described above. 
The terms "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" are defined in the ITA as follows: 
break cost means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, the 
amount of which is determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in connection with 
such redemption; 
prepayment fee means any fee payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, 
the amount of which is determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
redemption premium means any premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the 
securities upon their maturity. 
References to "break cost", "prepayment fee" and "redemption premium" in this Singapore taxation section have 
the same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
The term related party, in relation to a person, means any other person who, directly or indirectly, controls that 
person, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, or where he and that other person, directly or 
indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will not be taxable in Singapore. 
However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which are gains from any trade, business, 
profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or derived from Singapore, may be taxable as such 
gains are considered revenue in nature. 
Holders of the Notes who apply or are required to apply adopting Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 39 
(FRS 39), Financial Reporting Standard 109 - Financial Instruments (FRS 109) or Singapore Financial Reporting 
Standard (International) 9 (Financial Instruments) (SFRS(I) 9) (as the case may be) may, for Singapore income 
tax purposes, be required to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the 
Notes, irrespective of disposal, in accordance with FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be). Please 
see "Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes"below. 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 Treatment for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
Subject to certain “opt-out” provisions, Section 34A of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or are required to 
adopt FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore income tax 
purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 39, subject to certain exceptions provided in 
that section. The IRAS has also issued an e-Tax guide entitled “Income Tax Implications Arising from the 
Adoption of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” to provide guidance on the 
Singapore income tax treatment of financial instruments.  
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who adopt or who are required to 
adopt FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their profit, loss or expense for Singapore 
income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in accordance with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case 
may be), subject to certain exceptions provided in that section. The IRAS has also issued an e-Tax guideentitled 
“Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of FRS 109 – Financial Instruments (Second 
Edition)”.

--- Page 359 ---
Taxation 
359 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under the FRS 39 tax regime, FRS 109 tax regime 
or the SFRS(I) 9 tax regime should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income 
tax consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 15 February 2008. 
HONG KONG TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes and is based on law and 
relevant interpretations thereof in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, 
and does not constitute legal or taxation advice. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt as to their tax position or 
who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction are advised to consult their own professional advisers. 
Withholding tax 
No withholding tax in Hong Kong is payable on payments of principal or interest with respect to the Notes or in 
respect of any capital gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
Profits tax 
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong in 
respect of profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, profession or business (excluding profits 
arising from the sale of capital assets). 
Under the Inland Revenue Ordinance (Chapter 112 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the Inland Revenue Ordinance) 
as it is currently applied by the Inland Revenue Department, interest on the Notes may be deemed to be profits 
arising in or derived from Hong Kong from a trade, profession or business carried on in Hong Kong in the 
following circumstances: 
(a) 
interest on the Notes is received by or accrues to a financial institution (as defined in the Inland Revenue 
Ordinance) and arises through or from the carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong 
Kong; or 
(b) 
interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a company carrying on 
a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong; or 
(c) 
interest on the Notes is derived from Hong Kong and is received by or accrues to a person (other than a 
company, such as a partnership) carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong and is in 
respect of the funds of the trade, profession or business. 
Sums received by or accrued to a financial institution by way of gains or profits arising through or from the 
carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong Kong from the sale, disposal and redemption of the 
Notes will be subject to profits tax. 
Sums derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax 
where received by or accrued to a person, other than a corporation, from the carrying on of a trade, profession or 
business in Hong Kong and the sum has a Hong Kong source. Sums received by or accrued to a corporation (other 
than a financial institution) by way of gains or profits arising through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by 
the corporation of its intra-group financing business (as defined in section 16(3) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance) 
from the sale, disposal or redemption of Bearer Notes will be subject to profits tax. Similarly, such sums in respect 
of Registered Notes received by or accrued to either the aforementioned financial institution, person and/or 
corporation will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax if such sums have a Hong Kong source. The source of such 
sums will generally be determined by having regard to the manner in which the Notes are acquired and disposed 
of.

--- Page 360 ---
Taxation 
360 
Stamp duty 
Stamp duty may be payable on the issue of Bearer Notes if they are issued in Hong Kong. Stamp duty will not be 
payable on the issue of Bearer Notes provided either: 
(i) 
such Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong and are not repayable 
in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
such Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 117 of the Laws of 
Hong Kong)). 
If stamp duty is payable it is payable by the Issuer on issue of Bearer Notes at a rate of 3 per cent. of the market 
value of the Notes at the time of issue. 
No stamp duty will be payable on any subsequent transfer of Bearer Notes. 
No stamp duty is payable on the issue of Registered Notes. Stamp duty may be payable on any transfer of 
Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. Stamp duty will, however, not 
be payable on any transfers of Registered Notes provided either: 
(i) 
the Registered Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong and are not 
repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
the Registered Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 117 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong)). 
If stamp duty is payable in respect of the transfer of Registered Notes it will be payable at the rate of 0.2 per cent. 
(of which 0.1 per cent. is payable by the seller and 0.1 per cent. is payable by the purchaser) normally by reference 
to the consideration or its value, whichever is higher. In addition, stamp duty is payable at the fixed rate of 
HK$5.00 on each instrument of transfer executed in relation to any transfer of the Registered Notes if the relevant 
transfer is required to be registered in Hong Kong. 
Estate duty 
No Hong Kong estate duty is payable in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 361 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
361 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
“The Issuer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to warrant and undertake that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor.” 
The Dealers have, in the Nineteenth Amended and Restated Programme Agreement dated 7 June 2021 (such 
programme agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
English Law Notes may be issued in registered form (the Registered Notes). 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note with 
a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an interest 
from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will have been deemed 
to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one 
or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it is an 
Institutional Accredited Investor that has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (iii) it is outside the 
United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set 
forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is two years after the 
later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer 
was the owner of such Notes, only: (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; inside the United States to a 
person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account 
of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; outside the United States in compliance 
with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act; pursuant to the exemption from registration provided 
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available); or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement 
under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(d) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the resale 
restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable;

--- Page 362 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
362 
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT 
(1) IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) (AN “INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR”); (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL 
NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS TWO YEARS AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN 
AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE 
SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER PURCHASING FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO 
THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND (C) IT AGREES THAT 
IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO 
THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THE 
SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM 
TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH 
SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR 
PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).”; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the Notes), 
it will do so only (a) (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities 
Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State 
securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED

--- Page 363 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
363 
OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the United 
States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act are required 
to execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI Investment 
Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, see “Form of the 
Notes”. 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject 
to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus and the Notes (including those set 
out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes; 
(iv) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an “institutional accredited investor” within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic 
risk of its or any such accounts’ investment for an indefinite period of time; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for 
one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, 
nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control; and 
(vi) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes having 
a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified 
Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf 
of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes.

--- Page 364 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
364 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the same meaning given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such 
Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes is 
hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other 
currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of 
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such 
holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 365 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
365 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt 
Offer) following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes

--- Page 366 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
366 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as amended, 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in the United Kingdom means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 367 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
367 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA)) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not 
apply to the Issuer if it was not an authorised person; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of the 
Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to 
Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the 
Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and/or Italian 
CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time), Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the Italian Banking Act), and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Investors should also note that, in connection with the subsequent distribution of the Notes (with a minimum 
denomination lower than €100,000 or its equivalent in another currency) in the Republic of Italy, in accordance 
with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies 
under paragraph (a) or (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must 
be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for 
any damages suffered by investors. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and accordingly each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell 
any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or

--- Page 368 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
368 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Federal Republic of Germany 
The Notes may only be offered or sold in the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, as amended, the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws 
applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, sale, offering and distribution of the Notes. 
Austria 
In addition to the restrictions described in the sections "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” and 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" above, the Notes may be offered for the first time in Austria only 
once a notification to the issue calendar (Emissionkalender) of the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 
2019), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of the 
Notes.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
I. 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
II. 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
I. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
II. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
III. 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
IV. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 369 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
369 
V. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Certain Restrictions applicable to Notes issued in Singapore dollars: 
Notes issued in Singapore dollars by a person carrying on a deposit-taking business with a maturity period of less 
than 12 months and a denomination of less than S$200,000 would be treated as deposits for the purposes of the 
Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore (the Singapore Banking Act), unless the Notes are issued to certain 
persons, including either: 
(a) 
an individual whose total net assets exceeds S$2 million (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time 
of subscription, whose financial assets (net of any related liabilities) exceeds S$1 million (or equivalent 
in foreign currency) at the time of subscription, or whose income in the 12 months preceding the time of 
subscription exceeds S$300,000 (or equivalent in foreign currency); or 
(b) 
a company whose net assets (as determined by the last audited-balance sheet of the company) exceeds 
S$10m (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of subscription. 
In addition, even where Notes issued in Singapore dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000 are not 
treated as deposits for the purposes of the Singapore Banking Act, certain additional information is required to be 
furnished by an issuer which is carrying on a deposit-taking business. In such case, please refer to the relevant 
Final Terms for such further information. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes except for Notes which are "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong (the CWUMPO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of CWUMPO; 
and (ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating 
to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong 
Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, by it or any of its affiliates in the People's Republic of China (PRC) (for such purposes, not including 
the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions of the PRC and Taiwan) or to residents of the PRC as 
part of the initial distribution of the Notes, except as permitted by applicable laws and regulations and approved 
by the competent authorities of the PRC. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (Corporations 
Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
(i) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and

--- Page 370 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
370 
(ii) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus, advertisement or other 
offering material relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless, 
(1) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act, 
(2) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G  
of the Corporations Act, 
(3) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, and 
(4) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
Taiwan 
The Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or approved by, the 
Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authority of Taiwan pursuant to relevant 
securities laws and regulations. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes issued under the 
Programme may not be and will not be offered or sold in Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstance 
which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires the 
registration, filing with or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. Each Dealer has also 
acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that no 
person or entity in Taiwan has been authorised or will be authorised to offer or sell the Notes issued under the 
Programme in Taiwan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee (in the case of English Law Notes) nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee (in the case of English Law Notes) and the Dealers represents that Notes may at 
any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 371 ---
General Information 
371 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
UniCredit dated 2 May 2000. The update of the Programme was duly authorised by the resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of UniCredit dated 13 January 2021. 
APPROVAL, LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
SELLING CONCESSION OR OTHER CONCESSIONS 
A selling concession or other concession may be charged as set out in the Final Terms. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For so long as the Notes issued under the Programme will be listed in Luxembourg, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available, in electronic format on the website of the Issuer 
www.unicreditgroup.eu: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association (with an English translation where applicable) of the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and the audited financial statements 
of UniCredit S.p.A. as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (with an English translation 
thereof) (the 2020 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts); 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and the audited financial statements 
of UniCredit S.p.A. as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (with an English translation 
thereof); 
(d) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial information of UniCredit as at and for the three months 
ended 31 March 2021 (the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2021 
– Press Release) (with an English translation thereof); 
(e) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial information of UniCredit as at and for the three months 
ended 31 March 2020 (the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2019 
– Press Release) (with an English translation thereof); 
(f) 
the latest unaudited consolidated interim accounts of UniCredit (with an English translation thereof). 
(g) 
the Sustainability Bond Framework of the Issuer, together with any opinion on each such framework 
issued by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
from time to time published by the Issuer, will be available in the investor relations section on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party opinion or public reporting are incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 372 ---
General Information 
372 
UniCredit currently prepares audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements on an annual basis 
and unaudited consolidated financial statements on a quarterly and semi-annual basis. 
(h) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(i) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu). 
The information on the abovementioned websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information 
contained therein is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes in bearer form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Notes, 
together with the relevant ISIN and common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New 
York, NY 10041, USA. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and significant change in the financial performance of the 
Group 
The current market environment is still characterized by uncertainties due to the COVID-19 crisis, with potential 
effects also on the financial markets, the impact of which on the profitability of the Issuer, in particular in terms 
of operating income and cost of risk, cannot yet be finally assessed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except 
for the possible impact of the COVID-19 crisis indicated above, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial statements as at 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 March 2021 to the date 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 373 ---
General Information 
373 
Significant change in the Issuer's financial position 
The current market environment is still characterized by uncertainties due to the COVID-19 crisis, with potential 
effects also on the financial markets, the impact of which on the profitability of the Group, in particular in terms 
of operating income and cost of risk, cannot yet be finally assessed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except 
for the possible impact of the COVID-19 crisis indicated above, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position of the Group which has occurred since 31 March 2021. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial year 
The current market environment is still characterized by uncertainties due to the COVID-19 crisis, with potential 
effects also on the financial markets, whose impact on Group's profitability, in particular in terms of operating 
income and cost of risk, and on the macro scenario and the sector underlying the Strategic Plan 2020-2023, cannot 
yet be finally assessed as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except what aforementioned, the Issuer is not aware 
about any other known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have 
a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year. It should be noted that the review 
of the Strategic Plan initiated following the arrival of the new CEO and the new Board of Directors is expected to 
be concluded in the second half of 2021. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
This Base Prospectus does not include any profit forecasts or estimates. 
LITIGATION 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus from page 328 to page 337 (Legal and arbitration proceedings and 
Proceedings connected with Supervisory Authority Measures), in the 2020 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts 
from page 385 to page 392, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which, according to the 
information available at present, may have or have had in such period a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
EXTERNAL AUDITORS 
UniCredit’s annual financial statements must be audited by external auditors appointed by its shareholders, under 
reasoned proposal by UniCredit’s Board of Statutory Auditors. The shareholders’ resolution and the Board of 
Statutory Auditors’ reasoned proposal are communicated to CONSOB. The external auditors examine UniCredit’s 
annual financial statements and issue an opinion regarding whether its annual financial statements comply with 
the IAS/IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the European Union 
governing their preparation; which is to say whether they are clearly stated and give a true and fair view of the 
financial position and results of the Group. Their opinion is made available to UniCredit’s shareholders prior to 
the annual general shareholders’ meeting. Since 2007, following a modification of the Financial Services Act, 
listed companies may not appoint the same auditors for more than nine years. 
At the ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of UniCredit held on 11 May 2012, Deloitte & Touche 
S.p.A. (Deloitte) has been appointed to act as UniCredit’s external auditor for the 2013-2021 nine-year period, 
pursuant to Article 13, paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree no. 39/2010 and to CONSOB Communication 
97001574 dated 20 February 1997. 
Deloitte is a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, enrolled with the Companies' Register of Milan under 
number 03049560166 and registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) 
maintained by Minister of Economy and Finance effective from 7 June 2004 with registration number no: 132587, 
having its registered office at via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy.

--- Page 374 ---
General Information 
374 
Deloitte has audited and issued unqualified audit opinions – incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus – 
on the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and on the financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Except for the financial information contained in the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group 
and in the financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and 
in the interim consolidated financial statements ended on 30 June 2020, no other financial information has been 
verified by the auditors. 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they are 
included or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors who have authorised the contents of that part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
No auditors have resigned, have been removed or have not been re-appointed during the financial statements 2019 
and 2020. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, with regard to the expiration of the external auditors' engagement described 
above, at the shareholders' meeting of UniCredit held on 9 April 2020, KPMG S.p.A., with registered office at 
Via Vittor Pisani 25, Milan, registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) with 
registration number no: 00709600159, has been appointed to act as UniCredit's external auditors for the 2022-
2030 nine-year period. 
DEALERS' INTERESTS 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business and may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. UniCredit Bank AG, the Arranger and Dealer, is part of the UniCredit 
Group. The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue or offer of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 375 ---
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
375 
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INDEX LINKED NOTES AND INFLATION LINKED 
INTEREST NOTES 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index (the Index Linked Notes) pursuant to the Programme, 
where the underlying index is either (i) the Italy CPI (the Italy CPI Linked Notes), or (ii) the HICP or the Non 
revised index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco published by Eurostat (HICP) (the HICP Linked Notes). The following information 
provides a clear and comprehensive explanation to prospective investors about how the value of Index Linked 
Notes is affected by the value of the underlying index. 
Italy CPI or ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index Unrevised means, subject to the Terms and Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di 
operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT - Istituto Nazionale di 
Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the ISTAT) which appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPI (or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level of such index), provided that for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final Redemption Amount, the first publication or announcement of a 
level of the Index (excluding estimates) by the ISTAT for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later 
revisions of the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
Measuring inflation consists of monthly compilation of price changes of a pre-determined group of goods and 
services (known as basket). In Italy, the Consumer price index for blue- and white-collar worker households 
(FOI), 
generally 
used 
for 
monetary 
revaluations, 
is 
calculated 
by 
the 
ISTAT.  
For the Italy CPI, in 2015, the calculation of price change concerns a basket of 1,441 items (from pasta to 
passenger air transport, from bread to personal computers, or from petrol to coffee at a bar, etc.) representing the 
universe of products purchased by households.  
These products go to make up the so-called basket, which is divided into 12 expenditure divisions, each with its 
own weight: Food and non-alcoholic beverages; Alcoholic beverages, tobacco; Clothing and footwear; Housing, 
water, electricity, gas and other fuels; Furnishings, household equipment and routine household maintenance; 
Health; Transport; Communication; Recreation and culture; Education; Restaurants and hotels; Miscellaneous 
goods and services. Within each division, each type of goods or services contributes to the compilation of the 
index with a weight equal to its importance on the total household consumption expenditure. For example, bread 
weighs 1.0 per cent. in the basket while pasta weighs only 0.5 per cent., hotel room weighs 2.1 per cent. and 
holiday farms 0.1 per cent. 
The products in the basket and the weight attributed to them are defined according to household consumption 
expenditure, in order to represent the structure of population's consumption. Each year a sample is specified, made 
up of the products whose price dynamic is representative of that of a wider range: for example, to calculate the 
variation in prices of the "Small electrical appliances" consumption segment, we follow the prices of plugs, 
electric batteries, energy saving light bulbs and adapter plugs. The identification of major household expenditure 
aggregates and the estimation of their weights are carried out using as main source National Accounts data on 
household final consumptions. These major expenditure aggregates, up to the selection of single products and the 
estimation of their weights, are detailed using several sources available both inside (Household Budget Survey 
which involves approximately 28,000 Italian households every year; Foreign Trade, Industrial Production and 
Tourism Flow Surveys) and outside ISTAT (figures from ACNielsen, SIAE, etc.) in order to ensure an accurate 
coverage. 
The basket is updated each year to represent the actual household purchasing behaviour and to take into account 
any changes in this behaviour and in the range of products offered on the market. Each year either the goods and 
services in the basket or their weights are updated. For example, some new items in the 2015 basket reflect the 
change in household consumption behaviour (such as gluten-free biscuit and gluten-free pasta, non-alcoholic beer, 
car sharing and bike sharing, beverages dispensed by automatic vending machine, ginseng coffee at the café and 
fiscal counsel for dwelling taxes computation). Other updating of the basket can be done in order to improve the

--- Page 376 ---
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
376 
coverage of some household expenditure aggregates (such as the addition of pizza - bakery product, bed, hire of 
wheelchair for disabled people and spare parts for shavers). 
Reference base year for Italy CPI 
The FOI indices are expressed with 2015=100 as a reference base year.  
More information on Italy CPI, including past and current levels, can be found at: http://www.istat.it. 
HICP means the EUROSTAT Eurozone HICP (excluding Tobacco) Unrevised Series NSA Index which mirrors 
the weighted average of the harmonized indices of consumer prices in the Euro-Zone, excluding tobacco (non-
revised series) published by the Index Sponsor on Bloomberg under "CPTFEMU". The first publication or 
announcement of a level of the HICP for the relevant period or time of valuation of the HICP shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for the relevant period or time of valuation will not be used in any 
calculations. The composition and calculation of the HICP by the Index Sponsor might change to reflect the 
addition of any new Member States of the European Union to the Euro-Zone without any effect to the references 
to the HICP in these Terms and Conditions. More detailed information on the HICP (including the historical Index 
values) are available on the following website: http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu and on Bloomberg page: 
CPTFEMU Index <GO>.Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco 
Unrevised Series Non Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and published by 
EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical methods (the HICP) 
is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the prices of consumer goods and 
services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have been used as 
convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price stability by the ECB in the Euro area, as well as 
for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States’ individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
(Individual HICP). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its consumer price index. 
Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for the Eurozone, as well as a 
breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country’s weight in the HICP for the Eurozone 
equals the share that such country’s final household consumption constitutes within that of the Eurozone as a 
whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are re-estimated every year in the January 
publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are the same 
for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to compare inflation 
among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the quality and comparability of 
the various countries’ indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. This also 
makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new entrant is integrated 
in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that year. The new Member State’s 
weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat’s internet site, according to a pre-determined official timetable. 
Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision is made, it is 
published with the HICP of the following month. 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. This 
procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a new 
consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the definition of 
household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 2006, the index 
reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference period, too, the weights 
for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. Starting with the release of January 2016 data 
on 25 February 2016, the reference year of the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) series has changed 
to 2015=100.

--- Page 377 ---
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
377 
More 
information 
on 
the 
HICP, 
including 
past 
and 
current 
levels, 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/hicp/introduction. 
HICP Linked Notes 
A HICP Linked Note is a type of Note where the interest payable and the nominal amount of the Note are both 
adjusted in line with the HICP. This means that both the interest amounts paid periodically and the principal 
required to be paid on redemption of the HICP Linked Note are adjusted to take account of changes in the HICP 
since the specified reference date for calculating the HICP (i.e. the index fixing date, as described below). 
To calculate the HICP adjustment, two HICP ‘fixing’ figures are required – one that relates to the start of the 
Note’s life (the Base HICP) and one that relates to the relevant payment date. The real rate of interest offered on 
HICP Linked Notes (i.e. the rate before taking inflation into account) is fixed when the HICP Linked Notes are 
issued. 
Interest on HICP Linked Notes 
The interest amount due on each interest payment date of a HICP Linked Note will be adjusted to take into account 
the change in inflation between the Base HICP figure and the HICP figure relating to the relevant interest payment 
date, and is calculated using the following simple formula: 
Specified Denomination x Real Rate of Interest x Day Count Fraction x (HICP relating to the relevant interest 
payment date/ Base HICP) 
Redemption of HICP Linked Notes 
Assuming that the Issuer is able to pay its debts in full and the HICP Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, HICP Linked Notes will be repaid on their maturity 
date at their nominal amount, plus/less an additional amount reflecting any increase/decrease in the HICP between 
the Base HICP figure and the HICP figure relevant to the payment date. The redemption amount is calculated at 
a specified time prior to the maturity date, unless a maximum or minimum redemption amount is otherwise 
specified. Where the HICP figure relevant to the payment date is lower than the Base HICP, investors will receive 
less than the nominal amount of the HICP Linked Notes on the maturity date if no minimum redemption amount 
is specified, or if the minimum redemption amount is specified at an amount lower than the nominal amount. 
The redemption amount due will be calculated as follows, unless a maximum or minimum redemption amount is 
specified: 
Nominal Amount x [HICP figure relating to the maturity date / Base HICP]

--- Page 378 ---
THE ISSUER 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 
20154 Milan 
Italy 
THE TRUSTEE FOR THE HOLDERS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
 
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
Allen & Overy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 284

--- Page 379 ---
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Trustee as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom