--- Page 1 ---
UNICREDIT S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy under registered number 00348170101) 
€60,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under the €60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this document 
(the Base Prospectus), UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit or the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes governed 
by Italian law in global form (the Notes in Global Form) and/or in dematerialised form (the Dematerialised 
Notes and, together with the Notes in Global Form, the Notes). The Notes may be denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Notes will be issued in bearer form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to UniCredit Bank GmbH and any additional dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes.  
The terms and conditions for the Notes in Global Form are set out herein in “Terms and Conditions for the Notes 
in Global Form” and the terms and conditions for the Dematerialised Notes are set out herein in “Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”. References to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes in Global Form and/or 
the Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate, and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions” shall 
be to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and/or the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, as appropriate and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes in 
Global Form, and in “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be 
to the Dematerialised Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, 
see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and Article 6 (4) of the 
Luxembourg Law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the 
economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Application has been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (as contemplated by Directive 2014/65/EU) and to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be made for the Notes to be admitted 
to listing on the Electronic Bond Market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (MOT). Application 
may also be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euro TLX, the multilateral trading facility 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euro TLX). There can be no assurance that any such listing 
will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, 
Euro TLX is not a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. Application may 
also be made for notification to be given to competent authorities in other Member States of the EEA in order to

--- Page 2 ---
2 
permit Notes issued under the Programme to be offered to the public and admitted to trading on regulated markets 
in such other Member States in accordance with the procedures under Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the MOT. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and the MOT are regulated markets for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU), as amended. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
the date of its approval) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this 
Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 10 May 2025. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. The CSSF has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under, as appropriate, “Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form” and “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”) of 
Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement 
document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The CSSF has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
As more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form – Taxation” and in “Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes – Taxation”, in the case of payments by the Issuer, additional amounts 
will not be payable to holders of the Notes or of the interest coupons appertaining to the Notes in Global Form 
(the Coupons) with respect to any withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 
April 1996 (as amended or supplemented) and related regulations of implementation which have been or may 
subsequently be enacted (Decree 239). In addition, certain other (more customary) exceptions to the obligation of 
the Issuer to pay additional amounts to holders of the Notes with respect to the imposition of withholding or 
deduction from payments relating to the Notes also apply, also as more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form – Taxation” and in “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes – 
Taxation”. 
UniCredit, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Base Prospectus contains or incorporates all 
information which is material in the context of the issuance and offering of Notes, that the information contained 
or incorporated in this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, that the 
opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts the 
omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the expression of any such 
opinions or intentions misleading. UniCredit accepts responsibility accordingly. 
The information relating to each of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euronext Securities Milan (former Monte Titoli S.p.A.) (Monte Titoli) has 
been accurately reproduced from information published by each of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Monte Titoli, respectively. So far as UniCredit is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by

--- Page 3 ---
3 
each of Euroclear, Clearstream Banking S.A. and Monte Titoli, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information misleading. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be (i) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation, and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the CRA Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation, and whether such credit rating agency is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation, 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (i) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) is obliged to maintain on its 
website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Please also refer to “Credit ratings assigned to 
the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes” in the “Risk 
Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes and/or the Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates such as EURIBOR, CAD-BA-CDOR, CMS or SOFR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited (as administrator of CAD-BA-
CDOR) and the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) are included in the register 
of administrators maintained by the ESMA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as 
administrator of CMS) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) are not included 
in the register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) is not currently required to obtain recognition or 
endorsement, or to benefit from an equivalence decision. As far as the Issuer is aware, SOFR does not fall within 
the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI or HICP (each as defined in 
Annex 1 to this Base Prospectus). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of CPI and HICP are 
not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, CPI and HICP do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be sold and should not be sold to “retail clients” (as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)) in the European Economic Area (EEA). In addition to the above, 
pursuant to the United Kingdom (UK) Financial Conduct Authority Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available and should not be

--- Page 4 ---
4 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail clients (as defined in COBS 3.4) in the UK. Potential investors 
should read the whole of this document, in particular the “Risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes” set out on 
pages 49 to 63 and "Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors" 
set out on pages 77 and 78. 
Arranger and Dealer 
UNICREDIT BANK GMBH 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 May 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Contents 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................... 6 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................... 23 
Important Information ........................................................................................................................... 76 
Responsibility Statement, Third Party Information and Experts’ Reports.......................................... 86 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) . 87 
Stabilisation.......................................................................................................................................... 92 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................. 93 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................ 97 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 ................................. 100 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 .................................... 125 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................ 150 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form ..................................................................... 172 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes ...................................................................... 238 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................. 309 
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group ........................................................................ 311 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 346 
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions ................................................................................... 356 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 362 
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes . 366

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme 
6 
General Description of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and 
any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base 
Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published.   
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation).  
Words and expressions defined in the sections headed “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form” or, as the case may be, “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300TRUWO2CD2G5692  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Dealers:  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
Twenty-Second Amended and Restated Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €60,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Principal Paying Agent for 
the Notes in Global Form: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other agent(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
UniCredit S.p.A.. The Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent 
for the Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Agents) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme 
7 
Maturities: 
The Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes will 
have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or by any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency.  
 
The Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
may however be issued with an Initial Maturity Date which may be 
extended from time to time up to a Final Maturity Date at the option of the 
holders. Please see Condition 10.9 (Extendible Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.9 (Extendible 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Subject as set out herein, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will mature on the 
date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) 
proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, in accordance with: (a) a 
resolution of the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer; (b) any provision of 
the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set at 31 
December 2100); or (c) any applicable legal provision or any decision of 
any judicial or administrative authority. Upon maturity, the Notes will 
become due and payable at an amount equal to their Prevailing Principal 
Amount, together with any accrued interest and any additional amounts due 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or 
the Competent Authority’s requirements applicable to the issue of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Subordinated Notes 
and Additional Tier 1 Notes must have a minimum maturity of five years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, either in global form or in 
dematerialised form as described in “Form of the Notes”. Notes may not 
be issued or sold in the United States, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial 
fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
8 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
b) on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
According to Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall 
determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any). 
If the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate and an 
Adjustment Reference Rate (if any), an Independent Adviser will be 
appointed to determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment 
Spread (if any). 
Such Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods. 
For further information, please see Condition 6.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Note and Condition 6.4 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.  
Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes will be 
calculated by reference to one or more inflation Indices as set out in 
Condition 6 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Note and Condition 6 (Interest) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.   
Extendible Notes: 
Notes may be issued with an Initial Maturity Date which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the holders on specified Election 
Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes and Index 
Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
9 
The Notes may bear interest on a different interest basis in respect of 
different interest periods. The Issuer has the option of changing the interest 
basis between fixed rate and floating rate and vice versa in respect of 
different periods, upon prior notification of such change in interest basis to 
noteholders. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Additional Tier 1 Notes: 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or 
in part) for an unlimited period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest 
Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. 
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the 
Interest Amounts and (ii) the prohibition to make payments on the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant 
Regulations, before the Maximum Distributable Amount is calculated, 
payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that 
such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds 
instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid 
or scheduled for payment in the then current financial year and any 
potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, 
excluding any payments already accounted for in determining the 
Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the 
UniCredit Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar 
payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, 
if different, any provisions of Italian law implementing Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s)) and the amount of any write-up (if applicable), would, 
if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to be exceeded; 
and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the 
Issuer from the Competent Authority. 
Interest shall also be cancelled if a Contingency Event occurs, as set out in 
Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes 
in Global Form and Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
See Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 7.1 (Cancellation 
of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Distributable Items means, subject as otherwise defined in the Relevant 
Regulations from time to time: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer’s profits at the end of the financial year 
immediately preceding the financial year in which the relevant 
Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought forward and 
reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 
Own Funds instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes 
any such distributions paid or made on Tier 2 instruments or any such 
distributions which have already been provided for, by way of 
deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, profits which are 
non-distributable pursuant to applicable Italian law or the by-laws of 
the Issuer from time to time and sums placed to non-distributable 
reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the by-laws of 
the Issuer from time to time, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the 
Issuer’s non-consolidated accounts.  
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum 
distributable amount relating to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group, as 
the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the CRD IV 
Directive and/or any other Relevant Regulation(s) (or any provision of 
Italian law transposing or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if 
relevant, any other Relevant Regulation(s)). 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 7.1 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, in the event that a Write-Down occurs during an 
Interest Period, any accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant 
to Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes and the Interest Amount 
payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest 
Period shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.3(f) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
6.3(f) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest 
Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, 
provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if the Interest 
Period started on, and included, the Write-Down Effective Date. 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 7.1 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, in the event that a Write-Up occurs during an Interest 
Period, the Interest Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated as the sum 
(rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half a cent being 
rounded upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal 
Amount before such Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction 
(determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but excluded, the date 
of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal 
Amount after such Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction 
(determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, the date 
of such Write-Up).

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
Non-cumulative interest 
Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative. Interest that the 
Issuer elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or 
compound and all rights and claims in respect of such amounts shall be 
fully and irrevocably cancelled and forfeited, and no payments shall be 
made nor shall any Noteholders be entitled to any payment or indemnity in 
respect thereof. 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is 
prohibited from paying interest on any Interest Payment Date, it will not 
give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making distributions or 
any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, 
or junior to, the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Tier 2 instruments). 
Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falls 
below 5.125 per cent. (an Issuer Contingency Event) or the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falls below 5.125 per 
cent. (a Group Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum 
trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations (excluding any 
guidelines or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group (each, a Contingency Event), the Issuer 
shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the 
relevant Contingency Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event 
Notice to Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 15 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes), the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised 
Notes or the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents, as 
applicable (provided that failure or delay in delivering a Loss 
Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute a default for any 
purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise 
invalidate, any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
Write-Down Effective Date; and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter 
period as the Competent Authority may require) from the 
determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred, 
reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-
Down and Written Down being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined 
by the Issuer and the Competent Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to 
Condition 8.1(c) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
and Condition 8.1(c) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes would cure the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-
Down shall occur in any event and any increase in the CET1 Ratio as a 
result of such cancellation shall be disregarded for the purpose of 
calculating the relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such 
Contingency Event.  
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may 
otherwise be required by the Competent Authority and subject as otherwise 
provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-Down of the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially 
concurrent) write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, 
as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments (based on the 
prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To 
the extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into 
Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss Absorbing Instruments will be taken into 
account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of the amount 
of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instruments, required to cure the relevant 
Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes may be Written Down on more than one occasion. 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a 
Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss 
Absorbing Instrument (in accordance with, and to the extent required 
by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument 
outstanding (other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is 
written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, in 
accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the giving of such Loss Absorption 
Event Notice. 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument 
(irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 
Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and 
irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer (other than the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes) which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or 
write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion 
into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such instrument (in 
each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the 
occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
of the Issuer falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. or 
the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant 
Regulations applicable to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument 
(irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 
Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and 
irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
13 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Notes) issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer or any member of the UniCredit Group (a 
Group Entity) which contains provisions relating to a write-down 
(or write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or 
conversion of the principal amount of such instrument (in each case 
in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or 
as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the 
UniCredit Group falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. 
or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant 
Regulations applicable to the UniCredit Group, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation 
of such provisions are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which 
is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) satisfied; 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument 
and/or a Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument, as applicable; 
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means; 
(a) in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument 
(irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 
Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and 
irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank 
senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer which contains provisions 
relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or 
temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal 
amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its 
conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below a 
level that is higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger 
event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time: (i) any 
instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included in the 
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group 
and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to 
rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Group Entity 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) 
(whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the 
principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with 
its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling 
below a level that is higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum 
trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 
Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable 
to the UniCredit Group; and (ii) any instrument (irrespective of 
whether such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and irrespective of 
whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly 
or indirectly by any Group Entity which contains provisions relating 
to a write-down (or write-off) or conversion of the principal amount 
of such instrument on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of that Group Entity, or of a group within

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
14 
the prudential consolidation of such Group Entity pursuant to Chapter 
2 of Title II of Part One of the CRD IV Regulation other than the 
UniCredit Group, falling below the level specified in such instrument 
at the date on which the relevant Group Contingency Event first 
occurred, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation 
of such provisions are (or with the giving of any certificate or notice which 
is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) satisfied. 
Risk Weighted Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk 
weighted assets of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, 
at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the Relevant 
Regulations, taking into account any applicable transitional provisions 
under the Relevant Regulations. 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each outstanding Note is to be Written Down with 
effect as of the Write-Down Effective Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to 
a Write-Down, being: 
(a) the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a 
pro rata basis of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the 
concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) would be sufficient to cure the Contingency 
Event; or 
(b) if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on 
a pro rata basis of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the 
concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the 
Contingency Event, or the Contingency Event is not capable of being 
cured, the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing Principal 
Amount to one cent. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is 
not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent Authority 
may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event 
has occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of 
any such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall 
not prejudice the requirement to effect the Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.1 (Loss 
absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes; and 
(ii) such write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall 
not be taken into account in calculating the Write Down Amount in respect 
of such Write-Down. For the avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument 
will only be taken into account in the calculation of the Write-Down 
Amount to the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing 
Instrument can actually be written-down (or written-off) or converted into 
Ordinary Shares in the relevant circumstances within one month (or such 
shorter period as the Competent Authority may require) from the 
determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
15 
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down 
Amount, there are outstanding any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms 
of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only (Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments) then:  
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
shall be effected pro rata with the write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any such 
Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save 
for the one cent floor) simply by virtue of the fact that such Full 
Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) 
or converted in full; and  
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full 
Loss Absorbing Instruments will be treated (for the purposes only 
of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and such other Loss Absorbing 
Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such 
that the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be deemed 
to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares pro rata with the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments 
(in each case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) 
to the extent necessary to cure the relevant Contingency Event; and 
(b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of such 
Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall be 
written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as 
the case may be, with the effect of increasing the Issuer’s and/or 
the UniCredit Group’s, as the case may be, CET1 Ratio above the 
minimum required level under (a) above. 
See Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.1 (Loss absorption) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are 
recorded at any time while the Prevailing Principal Amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial Principal Amount, the 
Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable 
Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together 
with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as applicable, 
of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if 
relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the 
Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any provision of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
16 
other provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Note (a Write-Up) up to a maximum of the 
Initial Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 
1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that 
have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that 
set out in Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 
(Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes in the circumstances existing on the date of the 
relevant Write-Up (based on their Initial Principal Amounts), provided that 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated with the aggregate amounts 
of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Income); 
(b) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes that were paid on the basis of a Prevailing Principal 
Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time after 
the end of the previous financial year, 
(c) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each 
such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the 
relevant Write-Up; and 
(d) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument that were calculated 
or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is lower 
than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the 
end of the previous financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Maximum Write-Up Amount means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the 
Consolidated Net Income, the Consolidated Net Income multiplied 
by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of 
all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the UniCredit 
Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the UniCredit Group 
as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or  
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the 
Net Income, the Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate 
Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the 
aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer as at the date of the relevant Write-Up. 
Relevant Net Income means the lowest of the Net Income and the 
Consolidated Net Income. 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument means an instrument (other 
than the Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, 
any member of the UniCredit Group, and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the UniCredit Group that, as at the

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
17 
time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal 
amount lower than the principal amount that it was issued with due to a 
write-down. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer that have terms permitting a 
principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in Condition 
8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal 
amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes unless 
it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 
Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with 
Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement 
of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes until the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
has been reinstated to the Initial Principal Amount. No Write-Up shall be 
operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, or 
(ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments) would cause a Contingency 
Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant 
to Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement 
of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes on any occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting 
any Write-Up on any other occasion pursuant to Condition 8.3 
(Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal 
amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to 
Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement 
of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes, it shall deliver a notice (a Write-Up Notice) specifying the amount 
of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount of a Note 
resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect shall be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 15 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes and to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, as 
applicable. Such Write-Up Notice shall be given at least ten Business Days 
prior to the date on which the relevant Write-Up becomes effective.  
See Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement 
of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
18 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes and Notes redeemable in one or more 
instalments. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes.  
Index Linked Notes: payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Dual Currency Notes: payments (whether in respect of principal or interest 
and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes 
will be made in such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Partly Paid Notes: the Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the issue 
price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Notes redeemable in instalments: the Issuer may issue Notes which may 
be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in 
a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms of the Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the case of 
Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons 
or following an Event of Default) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, for 
regulatory reasons subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent Authority, as applicable or, in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, at the option of the Issuer (and subject to 
compliance with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the 
Relevant Regulations at the relevant time) if the Issuer determines that a 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer as described in 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes or as described in Condition 10.7 
(Clean-Up redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.7 (Clean-Up 
redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes. The terms of any such redemption, including 
notice periods, any relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant 
redemption dates and prices will, as appropriate, be indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, early redemption may occur only at the 
option of UniCredit and with the prior approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority and otherwise in accordance with applicable laws and

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
19 
regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation or, if 
different, the then applicable Relevant Regulations, and is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10.16 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.16 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes.  
 
The applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes, may 
provide that Notes may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts and on such dates as are indicated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event applies, then any Series of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes may on or after the date specified in a notice 
published on the Issuer’s website be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note, an 
Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or to 
Monte Titoli and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, as 
applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 15 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Early redemption of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10.17 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.17 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses for the admission to trading 
of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject 
to the approval provisions stated therein.  
The applicable Final Terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate if such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call applies, the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10.16 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 
1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes), redeem the Notes in whole or in 
part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their Prevailing Principal 
Amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 7.1 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes) up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, 
and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 11 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Furthermore, if the Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, and if the Clean-Up Call Percentage of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the 
Issuer may at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index 
Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note), or on any Interest

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
20 
Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked 
Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), at its option (but subject to 
the provisions of Condition 10.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.16 
(Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes and having given the Clean-Up Redemption Notice, 
redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Prevailing 
Amount Principal together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption 
identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. In addition, the Issuer may, 
at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10.16 
(Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes), redeem the Notes in whole, 
but not in part, following the occurrence of a Capital Event (if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Regulatory Call applies) or in whole 
or in part (to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations) following 
the occurrence of a Tax Event (each as defined herein), in each case, at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, plus, in each case, any accrued but unpaid 
interest (to the extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.1 
(Cancellation of Interest Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 7.1 (Cancellation of Interest Amounts) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) up to, but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption, and any additional amounts due 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as described in Condition 10.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call))) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 
10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Redemption for Indexation 
Reasons: 
 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer, if the Index ceases to be published or 
any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, constitute a 
fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, 
in the opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or by any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, 
(ii) the minimum denomination of each Note which is not a Non-Preferred 
Senior Note or a Subordinated Note or an Additional Tier 1 Note may be 
€1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency), (iii) where it is a Note to be admitted 
to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated 
market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access, the minum denominational may be €1,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency), (iv) the minimum denomination of each Non-
Preferred Senior Note will be Euro 150,000 (or, if the Non-Preferred Senior  
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
21 
in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
and (v) the minimum denomination of each Subordinated Note or 
Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 200,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Variation: 
In relation to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event occurs and 
is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that 
Series), at any time vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as 
applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of 
Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
In relation to Subordinated Notes 
If (i) at any time a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event occurs or (ii) in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of 
Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms 
of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21

--- Page 22 ---
General Description of the Programme 
22 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In relation to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
If (i) at any time a Capital Event, an Alignment Event or a Tax Event occurs 
or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Additional Tier 1 Notes of that Series), at any time vary the 
terms of such Additional Tier 1 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, provided that 
such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied securities. 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
Risk Factors 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. The Issuer has identified in this “Risk Factors” section 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to make payments due under 
the Notes. Prospective investors should read these risk factors together with the other detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors relating to the Group are deemed to cover the Issuer. 
Any reference in the Risk Factors to “applicable Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a 
reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of Exempt 
Notes. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1.1 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer and of the Group 
1.1.1 
Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the 
geopolitical tensions 
The market environment in which UniCredit operates continues to be affected by high levels of uncertainty for 
both the short and the medium-term outlook. The economic consequences stemming from the geopolitical 
tensions, not only in Russia, pushed up inflationary pressures and could continue to unfold increasing uncertainty 
for the Euro area economy, with potential impact on the performance of the Group. The Russia-Ukraine crisis 
caused a sharp rise in commodities prices, further global supply-chain disruption, a tightening of financial 
conditions, heightened uncertainty, and a sharp drop in consumer confidence. From mid-2022, with inflation 
building up due to the increase in energy price and the supply disruptions, ECB changed its monetary stance 
(Deposit Facility rate: -50 bps in June 2022, 0 bps in July, 75 bps in September, 150 bps in October, 200 bps in 
December, 250 bps in February 2023, 300 bps in March, 325 bps in May, 350 bps in June, 375 bps in July, 400 
bps in September) and market repriced interest rate expectations accordingly. Despite subsequently inflation 
started to record a declining path, the outlook is still surrounded by risks, further tensions on commodity / energy 
prices cannot be excluded as well as an upsurge in the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and / or an intensification 
of the tensions in the Middle East. Therefore, the expectations regarding the performance of the global economy 
remains still uncertain in both the short and medium term. The current environment, characterized by highly 
uncertain elements as above mentioned could generate a worsening of the loan portfolio quality, followed by an 
increase of the non-performing loans and the necessity to increase the provisions to be charged to the income 
statement. 
UniCredit’s Loan Loss Provisions (LLPs) excluding Russia, decreased by 36.5 per cent. Y/Y to Euro 1,012 
million in FY22. Therefore, the cost of risk (CoR), excluding Russia, decreased by 14 bps Y/Y to 23 bps in FY22.  
UniCredit’s LLPs in FY22 amounted to Euro 1,894 million. Therefore, the CoR in FY22 was equal to 41 bps. 
UniCredit’s LLPs decreased by 71.0 per cent. Y/Y to Euro 548 million in FY23. Therefore, the cost of risk 
decreased by 29 bps Y/Y to 12 bps in FY23. 
UniCredit’s LLPs decreased by 66.8 per cent. Q/Q and increased by 5.5 per cent. Y/Y to Euro 103 million in 
1Q24. Therefore, the cost of risk decreased by 19 bps Q/Q and increased by 1 bp Y/Y in 1Q24.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
For further information in relation to the net write downs on loans, please see the consolidated Financial 
Statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated Financial Statements of UniCredit as at 31 
December 2023 and the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2024. 
In 4Q23, total revenues stood at Euro 6.0 billion, up 0.2 per cent. Q/Q, driven by NII at Euro 3.6 billion (+0.3 per 
cent. Q/Q) and fees at Euro 1.8 billion (+1.3 per cent. Q/Q). Total revenues were up 4.6 per cent. Y/Y, mainly 
driven by NII (+5.7 per cent. Y/Y), partially offset by trading (-15.7 per cent. Y/Y) and fees (-0.6 per cent. Y/Y). 
As at FY23 total revenues stood at Euro 23.8 billion, up 17.3 per cent. compared to FY22. 
In 1Q24, total revenues stood at Euro 6.4 billion, up 6.9 per cent. Q/Q, driven by NII at Euro 3.6 billion (-0.9 per 
cent. Q/Q), fees at Euro 2.1 bn (+15.8 per cent. Q/Q) and trading income at Euro 0.6 billion (+64.7 per cent. Q/Q). 
Total revenues were up 7.4 per cent. Y/Y, driven by NII (+8.5 per cent. Y/Y), trading income (+20.4 per cent. 
Y/Y) and fees (+3.3 per cent. Y/Y). 
In details: 
• 
In 4Q23, NII stood at Euro 3.6 billion, up 0.3 per cent. Q/Q, and up 5.7 per cent. Y/Y both driven by 
higher customer loan rates, together with better results in the investment portfolio thanks to higher market 
rates and partially offset by the negative effects of higher rates on deposits and term funding. As at FY23 
NII stood at Euro 14 billion, up 31.3 per cent. compared to FY22. 
• 
In 1Q24, NII stood at Euro 3.6 billion, down 0.9 per cent. Q/Q, largely driven by the lower number of 
calendar days in the quarter and thanks to a continued management of the deposit pass-through as well 
as higher customer loan rates. NII in 1Q24 was up 8.5 per cent. Y/Y, driven by better customer loan rates 
and higher investment portfolio returns reflecting the higher market rates, offsetting higher funding costs 
and lower loan volumes. 
• 
In 4Q23, fees stood at Euro 1.8 billion, up 1.3 per cent. Q/Q mainly thanks to higher financing fees in 
Italy and down 0.6 per cent. Y/Y entirely due to the impact of the current account fees reduction in Italy 
which started in April 2023 and larger securitisation costs. Net of these effects fees were up 3.5 per cent. 
Y/Y. As at FY23 Fees stood at Euro 7.5 billion, down by 2.1 per cent. compared to FY22. 
• 
In 1Q24, fees reached Euro 2.1 billion, up 15.8 per cent. Q/Q mainly thanks to better Investment and 
Insurance fees, especially in Italy and Germany, and stronger Financing & Advisory fees, particularly in 
Germany. On a Y/Y basis, Fees were up 3.3 per cent. Y/Y or +7.6 per cent. excluding securitisations and 
the reduction in current account fees in Italy, driven by better Investment fees and growth in payment 
related fees. 
• 
In 4Q23, trading income stood at Euro 360 million, down 27.9 per cent. Q/Q and down 15.7 per cent. 
Y/Y, impacted by volatility on market movements and lower client demand on FX and Rates derivatives 
in Italy and Client Risk Management activities in Germany. As at FY23 Trading Income stood at Euro 
1.8 billion, up 3.8 per cent. compared to FY22. 
• 
In 1Q24, trading income stood at Euro 0.6 billion, up 64.7 per cent. Q/Q driven, among others, by high 
demand on client risk management products in Germany, particularly Rates, as well as growth in Equity 
& Brokerage Trading and positive XVA dynamics. Trading income was up 20.4 per cent. Y/Y, positively 
affected by client driven dynamics and higher rates, among others. 
As recently highlighted by ECB (in March 2024), economic growth is expected to gradually pick up during 2024 
as real disposable income rises, amid declining inflation and robust wage growth, and as the terms of trade 
improve. Export growth is expected to catch up with strengthening foreign demand. Over the medium term the 
recovery is assumed to also be supported by the gradual fading of the impact from the ECB’s monetary policy 
tightening. But, compared with the December 2023 projections, the outlook for GDP growth has been revised 
down for 2024 (to 0.6 per cent. y/y), owing to carry-over effects from past negative data surprises and weaker 
incoming forward-looking information. Inflation is projected to moderate further owing to the ongoing easing of 
pipeline pressures and the impact of monetary policy tightening, albeit at a more modest pace than seen in 2023. 
In the context of persisting uncertainty explained above and considering the mentioned ESMA communication, 
UniCredit Group defined different macro-economic scenarios, to be used for the purposes of the evaluation 
processes related to the 2023 Consolidated financial statements. In particular, in addition to the "Base" scenario, 
which reflects the expectations considered most likely concerning macro-economic trends, an 
“Alternative”scenario was outlined, the latter reflecting a downward forecast of the macroeconomic parameters

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
and consequently in the expected profitability of the business; in light of the persistent level of uncertainty, no 
positive scenario was included in the approach (thus, the positive scenario was weighted at zero percent). These 
scenarios are used for the deferred tax assets (DTA) sustainability test and for LLP calculation.  
For further information in relation to macroeconomic scenario adopted for the evaluation of the credit exposures 
and for the DTAs sustainability test please see the consolidated Financial Report as at 31 December 2023: Notes 
to the consolidated accounts - Part A Accounting policies – A1 General – Section 2 General preparation criteria. 
In light of continuing uncertainties, specific analyses were performed in the first quarter of 2024 with the aim to 
evaluate whether the scenarios used as at 31 December 2023 - for the purposes of the evaluation process of the 
DTAs and credit exposures subject to valuation uncertainties - were still valid or, conversely, which adjustments 
should have been put in place to reflect the updated economic environment. The assessment also leveraged on an 
updated macro-economic scenario developed by UniCredit Research. The outcome of such analysis has shown 
that scenarios used for December 2023 valuations are considered still adequate for 31 March 2024 valuation 
purposes. 
For further information in relation to the mentioned analyses related to the credit exposures and for the DTAs 
sustainability test please see the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2024 - Basis of 
Preparation. 
On 9 December 2021 UniCredit presented to the financial community the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, which 
included a set of strategic and financial objectives that considered the underlying scenario and resulted from the 
assessment performed at that time. 
The macro assumptions underlying the Strategic Plan excluded unexpected materially adverse developments such 
as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and worsening/resurge of the COVID-19 pandemic, situations that UniCredit has 
been monitoring closely1. 
For further information on the risks associated with the Strategic Plan, see Risk Factor 1.1.2 “Risks connected 
with the Strategic Plan 2022 – 2024”. 
Material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Group may also result from further developments 
of the monetary policies (and related impacts on financial entities and markets) and additional events occurring 
on an extraordinary basis (such as political instability, terrorism and any other similar event/correlated effects 
occurring in the countries where the Group operates and, as already experienced, a new pandemic emergency). 
Furthermore, the economic and geopolitical uncertainty has also introduced a considerable volatility and 
uncertainty in the financial markets, potentially impacting on credit spreads/cost of funding and therefore on the 
values the Group can realize from sales of financial assets. 
1.1.2 
Risks connected with the Strategic Plan 2022 – 2024 
On 9 December 2021, UniCredit presented to the financial community in Milan the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan 
called “UniCredit Unlocked” (the Strategic Plan or Plan) which contains a number of strategic, capital and 
financial objectives (the Strategic Objectives). The Strategic Plan focuses on UniCredit’s geographic areas in 
which the Issuer currently operates; with financial performance driven by three interconnected levers: cost 
efficiency, optimal capital allocation and net revenue growth. 
“UniCredit Unlocked” delivers strategic imperatives and financial ambitions based on six pillars. Such strategic 
imperatives and financial ambitions regard: (i) the growth in its regions and the development of its client franchise, 
changing its business model and how people operate; (ii) the delivery of economies of scale from its footprint of 
banks, transforming the technology, leveraging Digital & Data and embedding sustainability in all that UniCredit 
does; (iii) driving financial performance via three interconnected levers. 
Sustainability is embedded in the Plan and UniCredit commits to deliver on ESG target and policies. Specifically, 
UniCredit: has established an ESG advisory model for Corporates and Individuals; is financing innovation for 
environmental transition; and is partnering with key players to enrich and improve ESG offerings across-sectors. 
 
1 From Strategic Plan presentation: Macro assumptions in the Strategic Plan consider the recent and existing impacts of COVID-19 at the time 
of the Plan presentation with a gradual normalization over the subsequent years. The scenario did not assume that the COVID-19 situation 
at that time would develop in a particularly negative way in the subsequent years.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
New business model allows for strong organic capital generation2 with materially increased and growing 
shareholder distributions3, consisting in cash dividends and share buybacks, while maintaining a robust CET1 
ratio. 
Although the Plan is based primarily through management actions, thanks to its geographical positioning 
UniCredit assumed the following at the time of disclosure of the Plan: (i) a conservative interest rate scenario 
based on a broadly stable Euribor 3 month rate over the 3 years of the MYP; (ii) the combination of its countries 
was expected to deliver GDP growth4 above the Eurozone average over the course of the Plan, helped by its 
Central and Eastern European positioning; (iii) Central and Eastern Europe loan growth was expected at a multiple 
of GDP due to the relatively low maturity of the market; (iv) UC countries had theoretical access to approximately 
50 per cent. of the overall fund disbursement of the Recovery and Resilience Fund allocation. 
The macro assumptions underlying the Strategic Plan disclosed in December 2021 excluded unexpected 
materially adverse developments such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and worsening/resurge of the COVID-19 
pandemic, situations that UniCredit has been monitoring closely5. 
The Plan is based on six pillars: 
• 
Optimise: improving operational and capital efficiency, with gross cost savings, considering also Digital 
& Data, and a contribution to CET1 ratio from active portfolio management; expect RWA to decrease 
over the course of the Plan as active portfolio management more than offsets impact of organic growth 
and expected regulatory headwinds and thanks to additional risk and business levers; 
• 
Invest: cash investments in Digital & Data, new hires in Business and Digital & Data, targeted growth 
initiatives including ESG; targeted approach to costs savings: faster realisation of non-business related 
efficiencies, technology benefit and simplification & streamlining; 
• 
Grow: increasing net revenues in the period 2021-2024, thanks to the optimisation UniCredit is 
undertaking, and the underlying focus on quality growth; 
• 
Return: increasing in 2024; 
• 
Strengthen: maintain solidity thanks to revised CET1 ratio target, decrease in gross NPE ratio and stable 
net NPE ratio in 2024; 
• 
Distribute: higher distribution consistently with organic capital generation6 from net profit and RWA 
evolution. 
On 7 May 2024 UniCredit presented Group results for 1Q24 as well as the update of the guidance for 2024. For 
2024 the updated guidance provided (overwriting and improving Unlocked targets), considers the current context 
in terms of expectations on macro scenario and monetary policy. No changes in philosophy, focused on defending 
leadership achieved in operational and capital efficiency and CoR; further improving the client focus and earnings 
quality, further simplifying and streamlining of the organization. 
UniCredit’s ability to meet the Strategic Objectives and all forward-looking statements relies on a number of 
assumptions, expectations, projections and provisional data concerning future events and is subject to a number 
of uncertainties and additional factors, many of which are outside the control of UniCredit. There are a variety of 
factors that may cause actual results and performance to be materially different from the explicit or implicit 
contents of any forward-looking statements and thus, such forward-looking statements are not a reliable indicator 
of future performances.  
 
2 Organic capital generation means CET1 evolution deriving from (i) stated net profit excluding DTA from tax loss carry forward contribution 
and (ii) RWA dynamic net of regulatory headwinds. 
3 Shareholder distribution subject to supervisory & shareholder approvals and inorganic options. 
4 Average of yearly changes. 
5 From Strategic Plan presentation: Macro assumptions in the Strategic Plan consider the recent and existing impacts of COVID-19 at the time 
of the Plan presentation with a gradual normalization over the subsequent years. The scenario did not assume that the COVID-19 situation at 
that time would develop in a particularly negative way in the subsequent years. 
6 Shareholder distribution subject to supervisory & shareholder approvals and inorganic options.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
The future financial results could be influenced by the macroeconomic developments on which uncertainties 
increased as a result of the heightened geopolitical tensions. The Russia-Ukraine crisis has implied a sharp rise in 
commodities prices and inflationary pressure, further global supply-chain disruption, a tightening of financial 
conditions, heightened uncertainty, and a sharp drop in consumer confidence. As inflation builds up because of 
the increase in energy price and the supply disruptions, ECB adopted a tight monetary policy that could became 
more dovish with changes in interest rates trend. The outlook is surrounded by risks which were not foreseeable 
at the date of the Strategic Plan presentation, and which are still uncertain. 
With reference to the credit exposures as at 31 December 2023, the macroeconomic scenarios used for calculation 
of credit risk parameters (Probability of Default, Loss Given Default, Exposure at Default) were updated according 
to the Group policies.  
For the 1Q24, reflecting UniCredit’s historically prudent approach on classification and provisioning, the cost of 
risk, is 10 basis points. Cost of risk, excluding Russia, is expected in the 30 to 35 basis points range over the plan 
period. 
Furthermore, should any of the assumptions turn out to be inaccurate and/or the circumstances envisaged not be 
fulfilled, or fulfilled only in part or in a different way to that assumed, the ability to meet the Strategic Objectives 
may be negatively impacted.  
Given the inherent uncertainty surrounding any future event, both in terms of the event’s occurrence as well as 
eventual timing, the differences between the actual values and the Strategic Objectives could be significant. 
Assumptions by their nature are inherently subjective and the assumptions underlying the Strategic Objectives 
could turn out to be inaccurate, in whole or in part, which may mean that UniCredit is not able to fulfil the Strategic 
Plan. If this were to occur, the actual results may differ significantly from those set forth in the Strategic 
Objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on UniCredit’s business, results of operations, financial 
conditions, or capital position. 
For all these reasons, investors are cautioned against making their investment decisions based exclusively on the 
forecast data included in the Strategic Objectives (and latest updated guidance).  
The Issuer evaluates that the materiality of such risk shall be high. 
1.1.3 
Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration 
The activity, financial and capital strength and profitability of the UniCredit Group depend, among other things, 
on the creditworthiness of its customers. In carrying out its credit activities, the Group is exposed to the risk that 
an unexpected change in the creditworthiness of a counterparty may generate a corresponding change in the value 
of the associated credit exposure and give rise to the partial or total write-down thereof.  
The credit risk inherent in the traditional activity of providing credit is material, regardless of the form it takes 
(cash loan or endorsement loan, secured or unsecured, etc.). 
With regard to "non-traditional" credit risk, the UniCredit Group negotiates derivative contracts and repos on a 
wide range of products, such as interest rates, exchange rates, share prices/indices, commodities (precious metals, 
base metals, oil and energy materials), both with institutional counterparties, including brokers and dealers, central 
counterparties, central governments and banks, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional 
customers, and with non-institutional Group customers. These operations expose the UniCredit Group to the risk 
of counterparty, which is the risk that the counterparty may become insolvent before the contract matures, not 
being able to fulfil its obligations towards to the Issuer or one of the other Group companies. 
As at 31 March 2024, Group gross NPEs were down by 4.0 per cent. Y/Y and up by 3.4 per cent. Q/Q to Euro 
12.1 billion in 1Q24 (while as at 31 December 2023 they were equal to Euro 11.7 billion) with gross NPE ratio 
of 2.7 per cent. (flat Y/Y and +0.1 per cent. Q/Q). As at 31 March 2024, Group Net NPEs stood at Euro 6.6 billion 
increased compared to 31 December 2023 which attested at Euro 6.2 billion (Group Net NPE ratio increased 
compared to 31 December 2023 and is equal to 1.5 per cent.). 
For more information on European legislative initiatives on Non-Performing Loans, please see section headed 
“Information about the Issuer”, paragraph 1.1.4, “The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, since 2014 the Italian market has seen an increase in the number of disposals of non-performing 
loans, characterised by sale prices that are lower than the relative book values, with discounts greater than those 
applied in other European Union countries. In this context, the UniCredit Group has launched a structured activity 
to reduce the amount of non-performing loans on its books, while simultaneously seeking to maximise its 
profitability and strengthen its capital structure. 
In the last years, also in accordance with the EBA Guidelines of 31 October 2018 on management of non-
performing and forborne exposures for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio greater than 5 per cent., the Group 
has adopted a strategic plan to reduce Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) and operational and governance systems 
to support it. 
Starting from the year 2015 the overall reduction of the Group NPE amounted to about Euro 66 billion, moving 
from Euro 77.8 billion of 2015 to Euro 12.1 billion of 1Q24 (Euro 11.7 billion of 2023). This amount includes the 
loans disposed of through Project Fino in July 2017 and IFRS 5 positions if any. 
According to the Strategic Plan 2022-2024, the Group will continue to manage NPEs proactively to optimise value 
and capital.  
The current environment continues to be characterised by highly uncertain elements, with the possibility that the 
slowdown of the economy, jointly with the termination of the safeguard measures, such as the customer loans 
moratorium, generates a worsening of the loan portfolio quality, followed by an increase of the non-performing 
loans and the necessity to increase the provisions to be charged to the income statement. 
UniCredit’s LLPs decreased by 66.8 per cent. Q/Q and increased by 5.5 per cent. Y/Y to Euro 103 million in 
1Q24. Therefore, the cost of risk decreased by 19 bps Q/Q and increased by 1 bp Y/Y to 10 bps in 1Q24. The 
Group confirmed the amount of overlays on performing exposures at circa Euro 1.8 billion, which substantially 
reinforces the Group’s capacity to withstand macroeconomic shocks. 
It is worth pointing out that the measurement is affected by the already mentioned effect of the relief measures 
and, ultimately, the existence and degree of economic recovery. The evolution of these factors may, indeed, 
require in future financial years the classification of additional credit exposures as non-performing thus 
determining the recognition of additional loan loss provisions related to both these exposures as well as performing 
exposures following the update in credit parameters.  
The Group has adopted procedures, rules and principles aimed at monitoring and managing credit risk at both 
individual counterparty and portfolio level. However, there is the risk that, despite these credit risk monitoring 
and management activities, the Group’s credit exposure may exceed predetermined risk’s levels pursuant to the 
procedures, rules and principles it has adopted. 
The Issuer evaluates that the materiality of both the credit risk and the risk of credit quality deterioration shall be 
medium-high. 
For further information in relation to the net write-downs on loans, please see the consolidated Financial 
Statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated Financial Statements of UniCredit as at 31 
December 2023 and the Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2024. 
1.1.4 
Risks associated with the Group's exposure to sovereign debt 
Sovereign exposures are bonds issued by and loans given to central and local governments and governmental 
bodies. For the purposes of the current risk exposure, positions held through Asset Backed Securities (ABS) are 
not included. 
With reference to the Group's sovereign exposures, the book value of sovereign debt securities as at 31 March 
2024 amounted to Euro 108,536 million (as at 31 December 2023 it amounted to Euro 108,256 million), of which 
about the 77 per cent. was concentrated in eight countries, including: Italy with Euro 38,283 million (at 31 
December 2023 it amounted to Euro 41,100 million), representing over 35 per cent. of the total (about 38 per cent. 
at 31 December 2023) and about 5 per cent. of the Group total assets (over 5 per cent. as at 31 December 2023);

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
Spain with Euro 14,472 million; United States of America with Euro 7,056 million; Germany with Euro 7,029 
million; Japan with Euro 6,586 million; Czech Republic with Euro 3,513 million; Austria with Euro 3,444 million 
and France with Euro 3,012 million. 
As at 31 March 2024, the remaining 23 per cent. of the total sovereign exposures in debt securities, equal to Euro 
25,141 million as recorded at the book value, was divided between 35 countries, including: Romania (Euro 2,727 
million), Croatia (Euro 2,455 million), Bulgaria (Euro 2,214 million), Hungary (Euro 1,873 million), Portugal 
(Euro 1,111 million), Poland (Euro 1,089 million), Slovakia (Euro 1,072 million), Serbia (Euro 913 million), 
China (Euro 716 million), Ireland (Euro 696 million) and Russia (Euro 642 million). 
With respect to these exposures, as at 31 March 2024, there were no indications that defaults have occurred and 
the Group is closely monitoring the evolution of the situation. 
With particular reference to the book value of the sovereign debt securities exposure to Russia it should be noted 
that it is almost totally held by the Russian controlled bank in local currency classified in the banking book. 
Note that the aforementioned remaining of the sovereign exposures held as at 31 March 2024 also included debt 
securities relating to supranational organisations, such as the European Union, the European Financial Stability 
Facility and the European Stability Mechanism, worth Euro 7,724 million (as at 31 December 2023 it amounted 
to Euro 5,842 million). 
In addition to the Group’s sovereign exposure in debt securities, there were also loans issued to central and local 
governments and government bodies, amounting to Euro 24,240 million as at 31 March 2024 (as at 31 December 
2023 it amounted to Euro 24,852 million). 
1.1.5 
Risks relating to deferred taxes 
DTAs and liabilities are recognised in the consolidated financial statements according to accounting principle IAS 
12. As of 31 December 2023, DTAs amounted in aggregate to Euro 10,749 million, of which Euro 4,380 million 
may be converted into tax credits pursuant to Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (Law 214/2011). As of 31 
December 2022, DTAs totally amounted to Euro 11, 848 million, of which Euro 5,793 million available for 
conversion to tax credits pursuant to Law 214/2011. Under Law 214/2011, DTAs related to loan impairments and 
loan losses, or to goodwill and certain other intangible assets, may be converted into tax credits if the company 
has a full-year loss in its non-consolidated accounts relating to convertible DTAs (to which such convertible DTAs 
relate) (Convertible DTAs). Under the conversion into tax credits, Convertible DTAs recognised in the accounts 
of the company with the non-consolidated full-year loss, and a proportion of the deferred tax credits are converted 
in accordance with a ratio between the amount of the full-year loss and the company’s shareholders’ equity. 
Law 214/2011 also provides for the conversion of Convertible DTAs if there is a tax loss on a non-consolidated 
basis. In such circumstances, the conversion of the Convertible DTAs is recognized in the financial statements 
against the tax loss, limited to the loss generated from the deduction of the same categories of negative income 
components (loan impairments and loan losses, or related to goodwill and other intangible assets). 
As at 31 December 2023, the remaining Deferred Tax Assets (i.e., DTAs non-convertible into tax credits) are 
related to costs and write-offs deductible in future years, for Euro 2,527 million (net of related deferred tax 
liabilities), and to tax losses carried forward (TLCF) for Euro 3,842 million. DTAs on TLCF are mainly related 
to UniCredit for Euro 3,418 million (of which Euro 913 million booked at the end of 2023 following the 
sustainability test), to UniCredit for Euro 134 million tax credit IRAP deriving from the conversion of so called 
Aiuto alla Crescita Economica (ACE), to UniCredit Bank Austria AG for Euro 201 million, to UniCredit Leasing 
S.p.A. for Euro 56 million. 
The above mentioned amounts are the ones resulting from the sustainability test provided for IAS12, that takes 
into account the economic projections foreseeable for future years and the peculiarities of the fiscal legislations 
of each country, in order to check whether there are future taxable incomes against which TLCF can be offset. 
At Group level total not recognized DTAs TLCF are equal to Euro 1,125 million mainly referred to UniCredit for 
Euro 549 million, to UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. for Euro 275 million, to UniCredit Bank GmbH and its subsidiaries 
for Euro 207 million and to UniCredit Bank Austria AG and its subsidiaries for Euro 63 million. In respect of 
foreign permanent establishments of UniCredit, relevant tax losses not utilised are equal to Euro 7,420 million,

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
due to start-up expenses or other operating costs. These tax losses can only be used against the taxable income at 
the level of each single permanent establishment for taxes due in the relevant Country of establishment. 
If, for whatever reason, significant changes in the current tax legislation may occur, not foreseeable at present, 
such as the rate change, or the updating of the income statement estimates with the latest available official 
projections should lead to lower taxable future income than those estimated in the sustainability test, and therefore 
not sufficient to guarantee the reabsorption of the DTAs in question, negative and even significant effects on the 
activities and on the economic, equity and/or financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Group could occur. 
1.2 
Risks related to the business activities and industry of the Issuer and of the Group 
1.2.1 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the possibility that the UniCredit Group may find itself unable to meet its current and 
future, anticipated and unforeseen cash payment and delivery obligations without impairing its day-to-day 
operations or financial position. The activity of the UniCredit Group is subject in particular to funding liquidity 
risk, market liquidity risk, mismatch risk and contingency risk.  
The most relevant risks that the Group may face are:  
i. 
an exceptionally high usage of the committed and uncommitted lines granted to corporate customers; 
ii. 
an unusual withdrawal of sight and term deposits by UniCredit’s retail and corporate customers; 
iii. 
the decline in the market value of the securities in which UniCredit invests its liquidity buffer; 
iv. 
the capacity to roll over the expiring wholesale funding and the potential cash or collateral outflows the 
Group may suffer in case of rating downgrades of both the banks or the sovereign debt in the geographies 
in which it operates.  
In addition to this, some risks may arise from the limitations applied to the cross-border lending among banks. 
Funding liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Issuer may not be able to meet its payment obligations, including 
financing commitments, when these become due. In light of this, the availability of the liquidity needed to carry 
out the Group’s various activities and the ability to fund long-term loans are essential for the Group to be able to 
meet its anticipated and unforeseen cash payment and delivery obligations, so as not to impair its day-to-day 
operations or financial position. 
In order to assess the liquidity profile of the UniCredit Group, the following principal indicators are also used: 
• 
the short-term indicator Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), which expresses the ratio between the amount 
of available assets readily monetizable (cash and the readily liquidable securities held by UniCredit) and 
the net cash imbalance accumulated over a 30-day stress period; the indicator is subject to a minimum 
regulatory requirement of 100 per cent.; and 
• 
the 12-month structural liquidity indicator Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), which corresponds to the 
ratio between the available amount of stable funding and the required amount of stable funding. 
As of December 2023, the LCR of the Group was equal to 154 per cent., whereas at 30 September 2023 was equal 
to 157 per cent. (calculated as the average of the 12 latest end of month ratios). As of December 2023, the NSFR 
was 130 per cent. 
The Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or the Group companies to 
access the debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising the 
compliance with prospective regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results 
and capital and/or financial position of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
As regards market liquidity, the effects of the highly liquid nature of the assets held are considered as a cash 
reserve. Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
significant effects on the time to sell, including for high-quality assets, typically represented by government 
securities. The “dimensional scale” factor plays an important role for the Group, insofar as it is plausible that 
significant liquidity deficits, and the consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change 
market conditions. In addition to this, the consequences of a possible decline of the price of the securities held 
and of a change in the criteria applied by the counterparties in repos operations could make it difficult to ensure 
that the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
In addition to risks closely connected to funding risk and market liquidity risk, a risk that could impact the day-
to-day liquidity management is the differences in the amounts or maturities of incoming and outgoing cash flows 
(mismatch risk) and the risk that (potentially unexpected) future requirements (i.e. use of credit lines, withdrawal 
of deposits, increase in guarantees offered as collateral) may use a greater amount of liquidity than that considered 
necessary for day-to-day activities (contingency risk). 
The slowdown in economic activity caused by the geopolitical uncertainty impacted the Group operations in the 
different countries of its perimeter. Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Group is safe and under constant 
control, some risks may materialize, depending on the economic recovery.  
An important mitigating factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the Group 
system of rules and the measures announced by the ECB, which have granted a higher flexibility in the 
management of the current liquidity situation by leveraging on the available liquidity buffers. In fact, due to the 
financial market crisis, followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the sector, the ECB has 
implemented important interventions in monetary policy, such as the “Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing 
Operation” (TLTRO) introduced in 2014 and the TLTRO II introduced in 2016. This liquidity support has 
approached its maturity in the first quarter of 2024. This resulted in the need for banks to seek alternative sources 
of long term borrowing, without ruling out the difficulties of obtaining such alternative funding as well as the risk 
that the related costs could be higher. Such a situation could therefore adversely affect UniCredit’s business, 
operating results and the economic and financial position of UniCredit and/or the Group. 
Following to the repayment of the additional tranche for Euro 12.6 billion in March 2024 the Group has no further 
TLTRO III participation with the ECB. As of 31 March 2024, UniCredit Group, UniCredit Group had other minor 
refinancing operation in place other than TLTRO III in the subsidiaries in Eastern Europe. 
1.2.2 
Risk related to the property market trends 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to risks relating to the property market as a result of its significant property 
portfolio (both in Italy and abroad), as well as due to loans granted to companies operating in the commercial real 
estate market, whose cash flow is generated mainly by the rental or sale of commercial properties, and loans to 
individuals secured by real estate property. Reduced liquidity and geopolitical tensions might cause in short to 
medium-term a downturn in property prices, that can imply for the UniCredit Group the need to recognise a 
reduction in the value of the owned property, where book value is higher than market value, with possible material 
adverse effects on UniCredit’s business, capital and results of operations. 
In this regard, starting from 31 December 2019 financial statements, the Group has decided to change the 
evaluation criterion of the Group’s real estate portfolio, in particular for the properties used in business (ruled by 
IAS16 "Property, plant and equipment") providing for the transition from the cost model to the revaluation model 
for the measurement subsequent to initial recognition while for the properties held for investment (ruled by IAS40 
"Investment property") providing for the transition from the cost model to the fair value model. 
The Group has considered that the possibility of measuring real estate assets at current values (and no longer at 
cost) allows, in line with the provisions of IAS8 concerning changes in accounting policies, to provide reliable 
and more relevant information on the effects of business management as well as the Group's financial position 
and economic result. 
As at 31 December 2023 fair value of both properties held for investment and properties used in business was re-
determined through external appraisals following the Group guidelines. 
For the year 2023, a negative effect for Euro -350 million gross of tax effect has been recognised, as detailed 
below:

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
• 
for real estate assets used in business (booked in item “90. Property, plant and equipment”), the 
recognition of a decrease in the specific valuation reserve for an amount of Euro -193 million. In addition 
to this decrease, losses for Euro -67 million were recognised in the income statement gross of tax effect; 
• 
for real estate assets held for investment (booked in item “90. Property, plant and equipment”), the 
recognition of an income statement result negative for Euro -90 million gross of tax effect. 
It is worth to mention that the valuation of properties at current values implies a possible risk of volatility as well 
as an increase of the so-called real estate risk. By reference to the real estate units held as at 31 December 2023 
and their corresponding market value overall equal to Euro 5,446 million, a sensitivity to the increase/decrease in 
real estate values of +/-1%, equal to approximately Euro 54 million, was estimated corresponding to 
approximately +/-1 basis point of CET1 ratio. 
Moreover, the measurement of inventories of property, plant and equipment to the lower between cost and net 
realizable value has determined the recognition of a net write-down for Euro -124 million. 
Furthermore, the UniCredit Group has outstood a significant amount of loans to individuals secured by residential 
property. Should property prices, which represents most of the collateral securing UniCredit’s loans, fall, the value 
of the collateral securing such loans would decline. 
1.2.3 
Risks connected with the UniCredit Group’s activities in different geographical areas 
The Group’s business is closely connected to the Italian economy (45 per cent. of revenues in FY23) and could, 
therefore, be negatively impacted by any changes in the macroeconomic environment including e.g. the potential 
impact of geopolitical developments, energy/commodities prices trend and the impact of high interest rates on 
Sovereign debt. 
The UniCredit Group operates and has a significant presence also in in Germany (which accounted for 22 per 
cent. of UniCredit’s total revenues in FY23), as well as in Central Europe (18 per cent. including Austria, Czech 
Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and Slovenia) and in Eastern Europe (11 per cent. including Croatia, Bulgaria, 
Romania, Bosnia and Serbia) while 5 per cent. of revenues in FY23 comes from Russia. The risks and uncertainties 
to which UniCredit is exposed are of a different nature and magnitude depending on the country, and whether or 
not the country belongs to the European Union, which is one of the main factors taken into consideration when 
evaluating these risks and uncertainties. 
A deterioration in the macroeconomic conditions in Western Europe, an increase in the volatility of their capital 
markets, a significant increase in the cost of funding, the end of the ready availability of liquidity in the respective 
markets or an increase in political instability could create a difficult operating environment and have a negative 
impact on UniCredit’s profitability, as well as UniCredit’s assets and operations, balance sheet and/or income 
statement. 
CE & EE countries have also historically featured volatile capital and foreign exchange markets, as well as a 
certain degree of political, economic and financial instability (which for certain countries might increase due to 
spillover effects of the Russia Ukraine conflict). In some cases, CE & EE countries have a less developed political, 
financial and legal system, when compared to Western European countries. In countries where there is greater 
political instability, there is the risk of political or economic events affecting the transferability and/or limiting the 
operations of one or more of the UniCredit Group companies, as well as the risk that local governments could 
implement nationalization policies or introduce similar restrictions or other measures, which could directly affect 
Group companies and/or which could have negative consequences on UniCredit’s assets and operations, balance 
sheet and/or income statement. 
In addition, UniCredit geographic presence implies risks related to negative effects of Russia Ukraine conflict. In 
the extreme scenario, where the entirety of UniCredit’s maximum exposure is non-recoverable and zeroed, 
UniCredit capital position would allow to absorb such impact while still having a solid capital position. Whilst 
UniCredit does not consider this extreme scenario as base case, it is closely monitoring the developments in the 
country, in full cooperation with regulators, and with dedicated cross expert teams which defined robust and tested 
contingency plans, and it is taking a prudent and sustainable approach to distributions. UniCredit continues to 
dynamically manage its risk exposure, whilst constantly assessing the potential impact of the conflict on global 
GDP and public policies.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
33 
1.2.4 
Market risks 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to market risk. Market risk derives from the effect that changes in market 
variables (interest rates, securities prices, exchange rates, etc.) can cause to the economic value of the Group’s 
portfolio, including the assets held both in the Trading Book, as well as those posted in the Banking Book, both 
on the operations characteristically involved in commercial banking and in the choice of strategic investments. 
Specifically, the Trading book is defined as all positions in financial instruments and commodities held either 
with trading intent, or in order to hedge positions held with trading intent. Books held with trading intent are 
composed of: 
• 
positions arising from client servicing and market making; 
• 
positions intended to be resold in the short term; 
• 
positions intended to benefit from actual or expected short-term price differences between buying and 
selling prices or from other price or interest rate variations. 
In addition, Trading book may include internal or intra-group hedging derivatives transferring risk from Banking 
book into Trading book, entitled to manage the relevant risk and having access to the derivatives market. 
The essential requirement for the Regulatory Trading book assignment is a clear “trading intent” which the trader 
has to commit to and has to confirm on an ongoing basis. Additionally, the so called “tradability”, “marketability” 
and “hedge-ability” requirements have to be assessed in order to evaluate the appropriateness for the Trading book 
assignment. The financial instruments (an asset or a liability, cash or derivative) held by the Group are exposed 
to changes over time driven by moves of market risk factors. The market risk factors are classified in the following 
five standard market risk asset classes: 
• 
Credit risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to credit spreads changes, issuer 
correlation and recovery rates; 
• 
Equity risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to increase/decrease of index/stock 
prices, equity volatilities, implied correlation; 
• 
Interest rate risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to interest rates changes, basis 
risk, interest rates volatility; 
• 
Currency risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to foreign exchange rates changes, 
foreign exchange rates volatility; 
• 
Commodity risk: the risk that the value of the instrument decreases due to changes of the commodity 
prices, for example gold, crude oil, commodity prices volatility. 
Market risk in UniCredit group is measured and limited mainly through two sets of metrics: Broad Market Risk 
measures and Granular Market Risk measures. 
As at 29 December 2023 RWA (Risk-Weighted Assets) for Market Risk (excluding credit valuation adjustments 
– CVA Risk) amounted to Euro 10.3 billion out of a total of Euro 285 billion of Total Group RWA. Total Market 
Risk RWA (excluding CVA Risk) are split between the part calculated under the internal model (Euro 3.4 billion) 
and the standardised approach (Euro 6.7 billion) and settlement risk (Euro 0.07 billion). In addition, starting from 
December 2019 an additional capital requirement has been added, amounting to Euro 98.2 million as of 29 
December 2023. 
Therefore, it is not possible to exclude, considering the trend of the market variables, possible negative effects on 
the activities and the economic, capital and/or financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Group.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
34 
1.2.5 
Interest rate fluctuation and exchange rate risk  
In the banking book, earnings and economic value are exposed to: changes in interest rates that may have a 
negative impact in the value and interest flows of the assets and liabilities held by the Group; changes in the 
behavioural models; changes in the basis of Interest rate curves tenors and changes of the Interest rate volatilities; 
changes of the credit spreads.  
The Market Risk impact on the Group is low, in coherence with the mission of the Group and it is monitored by 
an ad hoc Limit on the Ratio between Market Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA) and Overall RWA. 
The UniCredit Group implements also a hedging policy of risks related to the fluctuation of interest rates. Such 
hedges are based on estimates of behavioural models and interest rate scenarios which could have an impact on 
the activity, operating results and capital and financial position of the Group. 
For further information, please see the consolidated financial statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2023, 
Part E – Information on risks and hedging policies, incorporated by reference herein. 
1.2.6 
Operational risk 
The UniCredit Group is exposed to operational risk. Operational risk also includes legal risk and compliance risk, 
but not strategic risk and reputational risk. The main sources of operational risk statistically include the instability 
of operating processes, poor IT security, excessive concentration of the number of suppliers, changes in strategy, 
fraud, errors, recruitment, staff training and loyalty and, lastly, social and environmental impacts. It is not possible 
to identify one consistent predominant source of operating risk.  
The complexity and geographical distribution of the UniCredit Group’s activities requires a capacity to carry out 
a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, in compliance with the various different regulations 
applicable.  
The UniCredit Group has a framework for managing operational risks, comprising a collection of policies and 
procedures for controlling, measuring and mitigating Group operational risks. These measures could prove to be 
inadequate to deal with all the types of risk that could occur and one or more of these risks could occur in the 
future as a result of unforeseen events, entirely or partly out of UniCredit’s control (including, for example, 
non-compliance of suppliers with their contractual obligations, fraud, deception or losses resulting from the 
disloyalty of employees and/or from the violation of control procedures, IT virus attacks or the malfunction of 
electronic and/or communication services, possible terrorist attacks). The realization of one or more of these risks 
could have material adverse effects on UniCredit’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, in the context of its operation, the UniCredit Group outsources the execution of certain services to third 
companies, regarding, inter alia, banking and financial activities, and supervises outsourced activities according 
to policies and regulations adopted by the Group. The failure by the outsourcers to comply with the minimum 
level of service as determined in the relevant agreements might cause adverse effects for the operation of the 
Group.  
The UniCredit Group has always invested a lot of effort and resources in upgrading its IT systems and improving 
its defence and monitoring systems. Based also on the Strategic Plan 2022-2024, digitalisation is at the heart of 
Bank’s strategy and its ultimate ambition is to be a truly digital bank. Operational risk remains a significant focus 
for the Group, with reinforced controls of business and governance process across all legal entities and with a 
permanent optimisation of work process. However, possible risks remain with regards to the reliability of the 
system, the quality, integrity and confidentiality of the data managed, increasing of digital exposure and the 
continuously evolving threats landscape to which IT systems are subject, as well as logical risks related to the 
management of software changes (change management), which could have negative effects on the operations of 
the UniCredit Group, as well as on the capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Some of the more serious risks relating to the management of IT systems that the UniCredit Group has to deal 
with are possible violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to its corporate network or IT resources, the 
introduction of malwares into computers or infrastructures, or any other form of abuse committed via digital 
channels. Similar attempts have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can 
threaten the protection of information relating to the Group and its customers, and can have negative effects on

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
35 
the integrity of the Group's IT systems, as well as on the confidence of its customers and on the actual reputation 
of the Group, with possible negative effects on the capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
UniCredit Group is subject to the regulations governing the protection, collection and processing of personal data 
in the jurisdictions in which it operates. While the Group maintains internal procedures that are compliant with 
applicable regulations, it remains exposed to the risk that the data could be damaged or lost, or removed, disclosed 
or processed for purposes other than those authorized by the customer (data breach), including by unauthorized 
parties (such as third parties or Group employees) or with insufficient lawful basis (e.g. Standard Contractual 
Clauses to be signed in case of transfer of personal data outside EEA). Examples of data processed for purposes 
other than those for which they were collected or by unauthorised parties may be: the viewing of data by 
employees outside their work duties or for clients of other branches/portfolios of other managers; the employee 
of a supplier, appointed as Data Processor, processing the data with procedures/methods or for purposes other 
than those stated in the Data Processing Agreement. 
With reference to the insufficient lawful basis, the European Court of Justice, in its July 2020 decision7, confirmed 
the validity of Standard Contract Clauses as an instrument of transfer/lawful basis, but added the responsibility, 
on the “exporter” of the personal data, to assess whether the country of destination of the data offers a level of 
protection of the rights and freedoms of the data subject equivalent to the one guaranteed in Europe, by Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679. Moreover, the European Data Protection Board has stated, in documents released after the 
decision, that even simple access to the data (i.e., by an employee of the third company engaged for IT platform 
maintenance activities) may constitute a transfer of personal data. Thus, the potential risk is that personal data 
may be processed by third parties, appointed as Data Processor, from countries outside the European Economic 
Area without the presence of Standard Contract Clauses and/or without an adequate assessment by the data 
controller of the privacy rules in the destination country. 
In the last years the threats derived from cyber-attacks are continuously increasing. To face off these potential 
threats, UniCredit Group has enhanced the threat detection & reaction processes increasing the resilience to cyber 
threats and external attacks pressure. In this regard, taking into account the type of risks detected, UniCredit, in 
addition to strengthening the protection measures already in place, carried out external wide and in-depth 
assessments. 
With regard to the cyber-attack occurred in 2018, that led to an unauthorized disclosure of personal data, 
mentioned in previous reports, it should be noted that on 21 February 2024, the Italian Personal Data Protection 
Authority notified UniCredit of a Euro 2.8 million fine. The Issuer deposited a recurse to challenge this decision. 
In addition, the investment made by the UniCredit Group in software development further increases the risk that 
when one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Group may suffer financial losses if the 
software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will incur repair costs for the violated IT systems, as well as being 
exposed to regulatory sanctions. 
Starting from 2018, the UniCredit Group has subscribed a Cyber Insurance Policy with European Insurance 
Companies with adequate rating and with reasonably high limits, to cover damages, in compliance with the current 
local legislation, caused by Data Breach and other cyber-attacks on the IT systems, except for compensation for 
sanctions where national law does not allow it. 
1.2.7 
Risks connected with legal proceedings in progress 
1.2.7.1 Risks connected with legal proceedings in progress 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit and other UniCredit Group companies are named as defendants 
in several legal proceedings. In many of these cases, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the outcomes of the 
proceedings and the amount of possible losses. These cases include criminal proceedings, administrative 
proceedings brought by supervisory or prosecution authorities and/or claims in which the claimed damages and/or 
potential liabilities of the Group is not and cannot be determined, either because of how the claims is presented 
and/or because of the nature of the legal proceeding. In such cases, until the time when it will be possible to 
estimate reliably the potential outcome, no provisions are made. Instead, where it is possible to estimate reliably 
the amount of possible losses and loss is considered likely, provisions have been made in the financial statements 
 
7 Judgment in Case C 311/18, Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems, that invalidated 
the adequacy decision of personal data protection provided by the “EU-US Data Protection Shield”.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
36 
to the extent the parent company UniCredit, or any of the Group companies involved, deemed appropriate based 
on the circumstances and in accordance with IAS.  
To provide for possible liabilities and costs that may result from pending legal proceedings (excluding labour law 
and tax cases), as of 31 December 2023, the UniCredit Group set aside a provision for risks and charges of Euro 
576.46 million, of which Euro 252.6 million for the parent company UniCredit. As of 31 December 2023, the 
total amount of claimed damages relating to judicial proceedings other than labour, tax and debt collections 
proceedings was Euro 7.9 billion, of which approximately Euro 5.4 billion for the proceedings involving the parent 
company UniCredit. This figure is affected by both the heterogeneous nature of the pending proceedings and the 
number of involved jurisdictions and their corresponding characteristics in which UniCredit Group companies are 
named as defendants. 
It is also necessary for the Group to comply in the most appropriate way with the various legal and regulatory 
requirements in relation to the different aspects of the activity such as the rules on the subject of conflict of interest, 
ethical questions, anti-money laundering, EU, US and international sanctions, customers’ assets, rules governing 
competition, privacy and security of information and other regulations. 
For further information in relation to the single legal and arbitration proceedings please see section headed “Legal 
and Arbitration Proceedings” in the “Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group” section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
1.2.7.2 Risks arising from tax disputes 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are various tax-related proceedings pending regarding UniCredit and 
other companies belonging to the UniCredit Group, as well as tax inspections by the competent authorities in the 
various countries in which the Group operates. In consideration of the uncertainty that defines the tax proceedings 
in which the Group is involved, there is the risk that an unfavourable outcome and/or the emergence of new 
proceedings could lead to an increase in risks of a tax nature for UniCredit and/or for the Group, with the 
consequent need to make further provisions and/or outlays, with possible negative effects on the operating results 
and capital and/or financial position of UniCredit and/or the Group. 
As of 31 December 2022, the total amount of provisions amounted to Euro 178.77 million, of which Euro 2.56 
million for legal expenses. As of 31 December 2023, the total amount of provisions amounted to Euro 146.89 
million of which Euro 2.23 million for legal expenses. 
As far as the tax inspections and tax disputes are concerned, in relation to 31 December 2023, reference is made 
to Section headed “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus. 
Finally, it should be pointed out that in the event of a failure to comply with or a presumed breach of the tax law 
in force in the various countries, the UniCredit Group could see its tax-related risks increase, potentially resulting 
in an increase in tax disputes and possible reputational damage. 
For further information in relation to the tax proceedings please see section headed “Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” in the “Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group” section of this Base Prospectus. 
1.3 
Risks connected with the legal and regulatory framework 
1.3.1 
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD IV Directive) and 
the Regulation 2013/575/EU (the CRR, together with the CRD IV Directive, the CRD IV Package) subsequently 
updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (the Banking Reform Package with 
CRR II and CRD V). In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD introduces requirements 
for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, MREL). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements on 
a consolidated basis, as established by the CRRII. The MREL requirements constrain the structure of liabilities 
and require the use of subordinated debt, which have an impact on cost and potentially on the Issuer’s financing 
capacity.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
37 
Following the communication received by the Single Resolution Board (SRB) and the Bank of Italy in May 2023, 
starting from 1 January 20248, the Issuer shall comply, on a consolidated basis, with an MREL equal to 22.13 per 
cent. of Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) – plus the applicable Combined Buffer Requirement (CBR) – and 6.02 per 
cent. of Leverage Ratio Exposures (LRE). Similarly, the Issuer has to comply with a subordinated MREL, i.e. to 
be met with subordinated instruments, equal to 15.36 per cent. of RWA plus applicable CBR – and 6.02 per cent 
of LRE. For more information on the capital adequacy legislation applicable to the Issuer, please see Section 
headed “Information about the Issuer”, paragraph 1.1.4, “The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation 
under which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered 
office (or principal place of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer” of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Furthermore, the G-SIB buffer applies to those institutions included on the list of global systemically important 
banks, which is updated annually by the Financial Stability Board (the FSB); according to the Press Release issued 
by the FSB on 27 November 2023, the Issuer has been removed from such list. However, the Issuer remains 
included in the list of Other Systemically Important Institutions (O-SII), as per the Press Release issued by Bank 
of Italy on 24 November 2023; hence, the Issuer will continue to be subject to a capital buffer for the purposes of 
systemic risk. Specifically, starting from 1 January 2024, the O-SII capital buffer applied to the issuer is equal to 
1.50 per cent. of its total risk-weighted exposure. 
Article 513 of the CRR requires the European Commission to complete a review of the macroprudential provisions 
in the CRR and CRD by June 2022 and every five years thereafter, and, if appropriate, to submit a legislative 
proposal to the European Parliament and to the Council by December 2022 and every five years thereafter. At the 
time of this Base Prospectus, no specific change of the regulatory reclassification of capital instruments is 
currently deemed reasonably foreseeable. 
In December 2017 the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of the 
models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk, the latter in January 2019) for the 
calculation of minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing 
the so-called "output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal 
models equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised 
methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. 
In October 2021, the European Commission published the Banking Package, by way of a regulation (CRR3), 
implementing the final Basel standards into the EU legislation with new rules for the calculation of risk weighted 
assets for credit, operational, Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) and market risks as well as the introduction of 
the Output floor. Going beyond Basel by way of a Directive (CRD6), the Commission also made some proposals 
on Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) Risks, Fit & Proper and Third-Country Branches. In June 2023, 
the EU Council and the European Parliament found a provisional agreement on the revisions to the Commission 
proposal. For more information on the banking package, please see Section headed “Information about the Issuer”, 
paragraph 1.1.4 “The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. The final document should 
be published in the EU Official Journal in 2Q2024 (May or June). 
Capital Adequacy requirements 
The ECB is required under the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 (the SSM Regulation establishing the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)) to carry out a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) at 
least on an annual basis. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements 
as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might 
be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial 
system. 
On 8 December 2023, UniCredit was informed by the ECB of its final decision concerning capital requirements 
following the results of its annual SREP (SREP 2023). With its decision the Single Supervisor has left unchanged, 
compared to the SREP decision of the previous year, the Pillar 2 capital requirement keeping it at 200 basis points. 
 
8 From 1 January 2022 intermediate requirements were in place (20.73 per cent. of Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) - plus the applicable 
Combined Buffer Requirement (CBR) - and 5.90 per cent. of leverage ratio exposures (LRE), for subordinated MREL 11.79 per cent. RWA 
- plus the applicable CBR - and 5.68 per cent. LRE).

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
38 
The Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) shall be held in the form of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. of 
Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. UniCredit is allowed to partially use Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments in order 
to comply with the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) instead of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital, in line with 
the latest revision of the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD V). The ECB has also communicated to UniCredit 
a Leverage ratio Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R-LR) equal to zero. As a consequence, UniCredit is required to meet 
the following overall capital requirements (OCR) and overall leverage ratio requirement (OLRR) on a 
consolidated basis from March 20249: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio: 10.10 per cent.; 
• 
Tier 1 ratio: 11.97 per cent.;  
• 
Total Capital ratio: 14.47 per cent.; and 
• 
Leverage ratio: 3 per cent. 
As of March 2024, the consolidated CET1 Capital, Tier 1 and Total Capital Transitional ratios were equal to, 
respectively, 16.36 per cent., 18.09 per cent. and 21.23 per cent. CET1 Transitional ratio was exceeding the 
relevant requirement by 612 bps (so called MDA buffer), after being reduced by ca. 14 bps of the CET1 utilized 
to cover the Tier 1 requirement. 
From 30 June 2020 the Group has adopted the so-called transitional phase-in regarding the application of the 
IFRS9 accounting principle. As of March 2024, the CET1 ratio Fully Loaded, i.e. calculated without considering 
the benefit arising from IFRS 9 Transitional arrangements, was equal to 16.23 per cent. exceeding by 599 bps 
CET1 ratio requirements.  
Following the communication received from the ECB in relation to the 2023 Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP), UniCredit's Pillar 2 Capital Requirement (P2R) has been confirmed at 200 basis points. In 
November 2023 the Financial Stability Board (FSB) has published the 2023 list of global systemically important 
banks (G-SIBs) and UniCredit has been removed from the list. Following the communication received from the 
Bank of Italy in relation to its methodological review of Italian banking groups, UniCredit's other systemically 
important institutions (O-SII) capital buffer is 1.50 per cent. from 1 January 2024. Therefore, after this date, the 
overall capital requirement applicable to UniCredit increased by 50 basis point, compared to December 2023, as 
the O-SII buffer replaces the, no more applicable, 1 per cent. G-SIB buffer. 
As of March 2024, the Transitional Leverage Ratio was 5.60 per cent. exceeding the relevant requirement by 260 
bps. 
UniCredit also took part to the 2023 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European Banking Authority (EBA), 
in cooperation with the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), the European Central Bank (ECB) and the 
European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB). The 2023 EU-wide stress test does not contain a pass/fail threshold as it 
is instead designed to be used as an important source of information for the purposes of the SREP. The results 
assist Competent Authorities in assessing UniCredit's ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under 
stressed scenarios. The adverse stress test scenario was set by the ECB/ESRB and covers a three-year time horizon 
(2023-2025). The stress test was carried out applying a static balance sheet assumption as of December 2022 and 
therefore does not consider future business strategies and management actions. The EBA published the results for 
the individual banks at the end of July 2023. Despite the more severe stressed scenario applied, UniCredit's capital 
depletion is meaningfully lower than for the 2021 EU-wide stress test result thanks to a much stronger starting 
point based on a significant improvement in capital generation, sound asset quality and prudent overlays. This 
positions UniCredit well for potential macroeconomic shocks. 
UniCredit's results are summarized below: 
• 
Baseline scenario: 
 
9 The reported OCR is based on the Countercyclical Capital Buffer as of March 2024. The Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB) depends 
on the credit exposures of UniCredit to countries where countercyclical capital ratios have been or will be set and on the respective 
requirements set by the relevant national authorities and therefore may vary on a quarterly basis over the reporting period. The reported 
leverage ratio requirement (OLRR) is in line with 3 per cent minimum, since no buffers are applicable as of March 2024.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
39 
- 
2025 fully loaded CET1r at 19.97 per cent. corresponding to 397 bps higher than fully loaded CET1r 
as of December 2022 
- 
2025 transitional CET1r at 19.97 per cent. corresponding to 329 bps higher than transitional CET1r 
as of December 2022 
• 
adverse scenario: 
- 
2025 fully loaded CET1r at 12.51 per cent. corresponding to 349 bps lower than fully loaded CET1r 
as of December 2022 
- 
2025 transitional CET1r at 12.51 per cent., corresponding to 417 bps lower than transitional CET1r 
as of December 2022. 
In years when there is no EU-wide EBA stress test, the ECB tests significant institutions under its direct 
supervision against a specific kind of shock. These tests are run in cooperation with national supervisory 
authorities, and the ECB publishes the results on an aggregate basis. In 2024 UniCredit participated to the ECB 
stress test on “Cyber resilience”, which results are expected to be published by July 2024. 
Furthermore, on 8 May 2023 UniCredit was notified its involvement in the 2023 annual EU-wide transparency 
exercise, launched in September 2023. The exercise covered the figures from the second half of 2022 and the first 
half of 2023 (i.e. information as of September 2022, December 2022, March 2023 and June 2023) on banks' 
exposures and asset quality to financial operators and results were published by EBA in December 2023. For 
2024, EBA has not announced the timeline for the annual EU-wide transparency exercise yet. 
UniCredit, on 9 December 2021, presenting its 2022-2024 Strategic Plan “UniCredit Unlocked”, announced the 
aim to ensure a materially increased and growing remuneration in favor of the Shareholders over the course of the 
Plan, also by means of programmes for the purchase of ordinary shares of UniCredit. 
In this respect, on 12 April 2024 the Shareholders meeting has authorized the purchase of a maximum no. 
200,000,000 of UniCredit S.p.A. shares, to be carried out, even in more transactions, within the earliest of: (i) the 
date which will fall after 18 (eighteen) months from the date of the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting; 
and (ii) the date of the shareholders’ meeting which will be called to approve the financial statements for the year 
ending on 31 December 2024. The request for authorization to purchase treasury shares was proposed by the 
Board of Directors as a part of the activities envisaged in the 2022-2024 strategic plan (“UniCredit Unlocked”) 
presented to the market on 9 December 2021.  
In particular, the following distributions are envisaged: 
• a first distribution, for a maximum disbursement of Euro 3,085,250,000, relating to the residual part of the overall 
payout for the 2023 financial year (the 2023 SBB Residual); 
• a second distribution as an anticipation of the expected distributions for the 2024 financial year (the 2024 SBB 
Anticipation), the amount of which will be defined by the Board of Directors within the limits set forth in the 
shareholders’ meeting authorization considering, inter alia, UniCredit’s results for the half-year period ending on 
30 June 2024. It is expected, in this regard, that the amount of the 2024 SBB Anticipation will be equal to the 
lower amount between (i) Euro 1,700,000,000 and (ii) 50 per cent. of the net profit for the period relating to the 
semester ended on 30 June 2024. 
The shares purchased pursuant to the aforementioned programmes will be subject to cancellation.  
The purchase programmes are subject to the prior permissions of the ECB. 
On 11 April 2024 UniCredit announced to have received ECB authorization for the execution of the 2023 SBB 
Residual and on 9 May 2024 it announced the launch of this programme. 
Having regard to the assessments made in relation to the probability of the occurrence of such risk and the extent 
of any negative impact, the Issuer evaluates that the materiality of such risk shall be medium-high.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
40 
1.3.2 
Evolution of banking prudential regulation 
The Group and the Issuer operate in a stringent and detailed regulatory context and are subject to the supervision 
by the competent supervisory authorities (i.e. European Central Bank, Bank of Italy, CONSOB). Either the 
regulatory framework and the supervision activity are subject to ongoing changes in the law and ongoing 
developments respectively. Moreover, being a listed issuer, the Issuer shall comply with all the further provisions 
enacted by CONSOB. Together with all these laws and regulations, the Issuer shall also comply with, by way of 
example but not limited to, anti-money laundering, usury and consumer protections legislations.  
Notwithstanding the Issuer undertakes to comply with all the applicable statutory provisions, the risk of non-
compliance with different legal and regulatory requirements, could lead to additional legal risk and financial 
losses, as a result of regulatory fines or reprimands, litigations, or reputational damage, and in extreme scenarios, 
to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorization to pursue business. 
The banking and financial regulatory framework to which the Group is subject is extremely stringent and detailed. 
The Issuer is also subject to the supervision by the competent supervisory authorities, including European Central 
Bank, Bank of Italy and CONSOB. 
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any changes relating to the 
interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent authorities could negatively impact the operating 
results and capital and financial position of UniCredit. 
More in particular, the European Parliament and the Council have recently reached an agreement on the so-called 
“2021 Banking Package” legislative proposal (as better described under “The domicile and legal form of the 
Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of business if different from its registered office) and website of 
the Issuer” below) and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is uncertainty as to its formal CRR3/CRD6 
adoption but UniCredit expects the publication in the Official Journal of the EU and the related entry into force 
in 2Q2024 (with the majority of the CRR3 provisions to be applied starting from 1 January 2025). 
In addition, on 18 April, 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment of the 
BRRD, including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to provide for a 
general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would be required by the 
BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to all 
deposits. The implementation of this proposal is subject to further legislative procedures but if it is implemented 
in its current form, this would confirm the outcome currently applicable under Italian law, whereby the Senior 
Notes (including Senior Preferred Notes) will rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of 
large corporates and other deposits. 
For more information on legislation applicable to the Issuer, please see section headed “Information about the 
Issuer”, paragraph 1.1.4. (“The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place 
of business if different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer”) of this Base Prospectus. 
1.3.3 
Risks connected with ordinary and extraordinary contributions to funds established under the scope of 
the banking crisis rules 
The Issuer and the Group shall comply with the contribution obligations required by the bank resolution 
legislation. Should the amount of ordinary contributions requested to Group companies increase, the Group's 
profitability would decrease and the level of capital resources of the Issuer and the Group would be negatively 
affected; should extraordinary contributions be requested to the Group, this could have a negative impact, even 
significant, on financial position and economic results of the Group. 
Following the crisis that affected many financial institutions from 2008, various risk-reducing measures have been 
introduced, both at European level and at individual Member State level. Their implementation involves 
significant outlays by individual financial institutions in support of the banking system. 
The ordinary contribution obligations contribute to reducing profitability and have a negative impact on the 
Group's capital resources. It is not possible to rule out that the level of ordinary contributions required from the 
Group banks will increase in the future in relation to the development of the amount related to protected deposits

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
41 
and/or the risk relating to Group banks compared with the total number of banks committed to paying said 
contributions.  
In addition, it is not possible to rule out that, even in future, as a result of events that cannot be controlled or 
predetermined, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (DGS), the Single Resolution Fund (SRF), the National Resolution 
Fund (NRF) and/or the Fondo Interbancario di tutela dei depositi (FITD), do not find themselves in a situation of 
having to ask for more, new extraordinary contributions. This would involve the need to record further 
extraordinary expenses with impacts, including significant ones, on the capital and financial position of UniCredit. 
For further information in relation to the above-mentioned ordinary and extraordinary contributions, please see 
the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023, incorporated by reference herein. 
1.3.4 
Risks connected with the entry into force of new accounting principles and changes to applicable 
accounting principles 
The UniCredit Group is exposed, like other companies operating in the banking sector, to the effects of the entry 
into force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or standards and regulations and/or changes 
to them (including those resulting from IFRS as endorsed and adopted into European law).  
In particular, in the future, the UniCredit Group may need to revise the accounting and regulatory treatment of 
some existing assets and liabilities and transactions (and related income and expense), with possible negative 
effects, including significant ones, on the estimates made in financial plans for future years and this could lead to 
restatements of financial data previously published. 
In 2023 the following standards, amendments or interpretations came into force: 
• 
Amendments to IAS1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure 
of Accounting policies (EU Regulation 2022/357); 
• 
Amendments to IAS8 Accounting policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors: Definition of 
Accounting Estimates (EU Regulation 2022/357); 
• 
Amendments to IAS12 Income Taxes: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a 
Single Transaction (EU Regulation 2022/1392); 
• 
Amendments to IFRS17 Insurance contracts: Initial Application of IFRS17 and IFRS9 - Comparative 
Information (EU Regulation 2022/1491); 
• 
IFRS17 Insurance Contracts; including Amendments to IFRS17 (EU Regulation 2021/2036); 
• 
Amendments to IAS12 Income taxes: International Tax Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules (EU 
Regulation 2023/2468). 
With the exception of IFRS17, that impacted the evaluation of Bancassurance associates whose net equity changed 
as a result of the new standard application, the entry into force of these new standards, amendments or 
interpretations has not determined substantial effects on the amounts recognised in balance sheet or income 
statement. Nevertheless, it is worth to note that with reference to the amendments to the IAS12 (EU Regulation 
2022/1392), which introduced an additional requirement to apply the initial recognition exemption of deferred 
taxation related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction, the restatement of comparative period 
was needed for specific tables of the Notes to consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023, the following documents, applicable to reporting starting from 1 January 2024, have 
been endorsed by the European Commission: 
• 
amendments to IFRS16 Leases: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (EU Regulation 2023/2579); 
• 
amendments to IAS1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or 
Non-current; Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current - Deferral of Effective Date and Non-
current Liabilities with Covenants (EU Regulation 2023/2822).

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
42 
The Group does not expect significant impacts arising from the entry into force of such amendments. 
As at 31 December 2023 the IASB issued the following accounting standards, amendments or interpretations of 
the existing accounting standards, whose application is subject to completion of the endorsement process by the 
competent bodies of the European Union: 
• 
amendments to IAS7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: Supplier 
Finance Arrangements (issued on 25 May 2023); 
• 
amendments to IAS21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability 
(issued on 15 August 2023). 
As a result, following the adoption of the new accounting principles, comparisons of UniCredit’s financial results 
prior to such adoption may be difficult. Prospective investors are therefore cautioned against placing undue 
reliance on such comparisons. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
1.1 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
1.1.1 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with, Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 10.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 10.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes, or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 
10.7 (Clean-Up redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 10.7 (Clean-Up redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes. 
Also, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with Condition 10.6 (Issuer 
Call Due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call Due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes. See also “Risks relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes - Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to an MREL Disqualification Event redemption” below.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
43 
In addition, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem 
Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a change of the regulatory classification of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes or the Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. See also “Risks relating to Subordinated Notes 
- Regulatory classification of the Notes” in respect of Subordinated Notes and “Risks relating to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes - Regulatory classification of the Notes” in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes below. 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the then applicable MREL Requirements (including 
any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements). See 
“Risks relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes - Early redemption and purchase of the 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted” below for further information. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to the prior approval of the 
relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with the then applicable Relevant Regulations. See also 
“Risks relating to Subordinated Notes - Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be 
restricted” in respect of Subordinated Notes and “Risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes - Early 
redemption and purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be restricted” in respect of Additional Tier 1 
Notes below for further information. 
1.1.2 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
1.1.3 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. The credit rating assigned to the Notes may be suspended, reduced or withdrawn. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
1.2 
Risks relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes  
1.2.1 
An investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of 
insolvency of UniCredit 
UniCredit’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities and claims 
arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. Senior Liabilities 
means any direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or 
indebtedness or obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of UniCredit for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by UniCredit, as the case may be, 
and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
44 
Although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which 
are preferred, there is a real risk that an investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should UniCredit become insolvent. 
1.2.2 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, being events upon which in 
certain circumstances the Noteholders may declare the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes to be 
immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian 
Banking Act) as set out in Condition 13.1 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 13.1 of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. Accordingly, other than following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, including the payment of any interest, the Noteholders will not have the right of 
acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner 
than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds, please also see Risk Factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainability Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or 
social assets or sustainable assets". 
1.2.3 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be 
restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the then applicable Relevant 
Regulations, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of 
such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
In addition, under the Banking Reform Package, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject to 
the prior approval of the Relevant Resolution Authority where applicable from time to time under the applicable 
Relevant Regulations, including the MREL Requirements. The Banking Reform Package states that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
where any of the following conditions is met: 
• 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the 
Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer;  
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements for Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD IV Directive or the BRRD (or, in either case, any 
relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD IV Directive or, as appropriate, the BRRD) 
or the CRD IV Regulation by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the 
Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the CRD IV Regulation and in the CRD IV 
Directive for continuing authorisation. 
In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes early or at any time. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
45 
1.2.4 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to an MREL Disqualification Event 
redemption 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the applicable Final Terms for the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, 
the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of such Series at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any outstanding interest. Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be redeemed 
by the Issuer provided that any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements) have been complied with by the Issuer. A MREL Disqualification Event means that, at any 
time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements, subject as set out in Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call Due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call Due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.  
If the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that 
Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the 
same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In addition, the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Also, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event with regard to Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes occurs then the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent” below, at any time vary the terms of such 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, as applicable. 
1.2.5 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' 
consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series 
of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes 
in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes of that Series), vary the terms of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes  so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the 
Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be 
given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
1.2.6 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application 
of the general bail-in-tool 
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the general bail-in tool, or any other power under 
the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect 
the rights of holders Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or value of their investment in any

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
46 
such Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. Any shares issued to holders 
of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may be 
of little value at the time of conversion and may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
1.3 
Risks relating to Subordinated Notes  
1.3.1 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency of 
UniCredit 
UniCredit’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. Senior Liabilities means any direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or indebtedness or obligations which are 
subordinated but to a lesser degree than the obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes) of UniCredit 
for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by UniCredit, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or 
mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes 
may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that 
an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should UniCredit become insolvent.  
1.3.2 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or 
at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or may be the subject to the burden sharing requirements of the 
EU State aid framework and the BRRD  
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken, with losses 
absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital 
instruments may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of 
extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State 
guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior 
bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the UniCredit Group’s entities or another institution. Accordingly, 
trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in 
tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and 
the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading 
behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of 
their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
(or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU 
state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary 
shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree) 
implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Italian Banking Act transposing 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended Article 91 of the Italian Banking Act provides for the following 
ranking:   
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
47 
recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments 
(strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, in 
their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri) 
but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
The provisions also apply to instruments issued before the 193 Decree came into effect (1 December 2021).  
In light of the above, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time either in whole 
or in part as Own Funds items) were to be disqualified entirely as Own Funds items in the future, their ranking 
would improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds items (in whole 
or in part) and would rank pari passu with Additional Tier 1 Notes and Subordinated Notes which at the relevant 
time are not qualified in whole or in part as Own Funds item. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank in 
priority to the Subordinated Notes, including those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or 
partially are recognized as an own funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated 
Notes which, at the relevant time, qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part). Furthermore, if Subordinated 
Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such Notes would not be subject to a write-down or conversion 
into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in 
the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD, may be subject to the burden sharing requirements of such legislation. 
1.3.3 
Subordinated Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Subordinated Notes, being events upon which in certain circumstances the 
Noteholders may declare the Subordinated Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances 
in which the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Banking Act as set 
out in Condition 13.2 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 13.2 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of 
Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes, including the payment 
of any interest, the Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings 
to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any 
such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets". 
1.3.4 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
Relevant Regulations, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case subject to and in 
accordance with the then applicable Relevant Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD 
IV Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
48 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the 
CRD IV Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 
2014, as amended from time to time: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the Issuer having 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the applicable 
tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes, a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated 
Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that action on the 
basis of the determination that it would be classified from a prudential point of view and justified 
by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Relevant Regulations for the time being. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or purchase. 
In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated Notes early or at any 
time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of 
an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. 
1.3.5 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
The intention of UniCredit is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital" for regulatory 
capital purposes.  
Although it is UniCredit’s expectation that the Notes qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", there can be no 
representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes. If there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Tier 
2 Capital" and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior 
to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent 
Authority (as defined in Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
4 of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) considers such a change to be reasonably certain 
and (ii) UniCredit demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by UniCredit as at the 
date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, UniCredit will (if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 10.4 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes, subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with 
the then applicable Relevant Regulations. There can be no assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes 
will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of 
return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. In addition, the occurrence of such 
event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. Also, if at any time a Regulatory Event with 
regard to Subordinated Notes occurs then the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Subordinated Notes 
may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent” below, at any time vary the terms of such Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
49 
1.3.6 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent  
If (i) at any time, a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event occurs for any Series of Subordinated Notes, or (ii) in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory 
Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes for any 
Series of Subordinated Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of 
that Series), at any time vary the terms of Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any 
right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory 
Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied 
notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for 
them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
1.4 
Risks relating to Additional Tier 1 Notes 
1.4.1 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes are unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
subordinate and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, the 
Issuer’s obligations in respect of any dated subordinated instruments and any Tier 2 Capital or guarantee in respect 
of any such instruments (other than any instrument or contractual right expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes), as more fully described in the “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form” 
and “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”. 
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Noteholders shall rank senior to any payments to 
holders of the Issuer’s shares, including its azioni privilegiate, ordinary shares and azioni di risparmio (or certain 
securities or guarantees expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer’s shares or otherwise junior to the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, as further described in Condition 5 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 5 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes). In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors on liquidation, 
the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Additional Tier 1 Notes will be terminated (save as otherwise 
provided under applicable law from time to time). Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary 
for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims 
they may have against the Issuer. 
Although the Additional Tier 1 Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a substantial risk that investors in subordinated notes such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes will lose all or 
some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
1.4.2 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the 
occurrence of the exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital 
instruments write-down and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or may 
be subject to the burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD  
Noteholders should understand that the powers to convert, write-down or cancel the Additional Tier 1 Notes given 
to resolution authorities pursuant to the rules and regulations described below are in addition to the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes which provide for Write-Down upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
50 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments such as the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes through the application of Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Any shares issued to holders of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any future application 
of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of 
extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State 
guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary 
recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior 
bond holders (such as holders of the Additional Tier 1 Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to common 
equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the UniCredit Group’s entities or another institution. Accordingly, 
trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in 
tool) may be applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, the Additional Tier 1 Notes are not necessarily expected 
to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that 
they may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Additional Tier 1 Notes may 
be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
For as long as the Additional Tier 1 Notes are in global form and in the event that any Write-Down or Write-Up 
is required pursuant to the Conditions, the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system of their respective participants’ position held in the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be 
immediately updated to reflect the amount of Write-Down or Write-Up and may continue to reflect the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to such Write-Down or Write-Up, for a period of time. The 
update process of the relevant clearing system may only be completed after the date on which the Write-Down or 
Write-Up will occur. No assurance can be given as to the period of time required by the relevant clearing system 
to complete the update of their records. Further, the conveyance of notices and other communications by the 
relevant clearing system to their respective participants, by those participants to their respective indirect 
participants, and by the participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners of interests in the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes in global form will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  
In addition, on 30 November 2021, the 193 Decree implementing the BBRD II was published in the Gazzetta 
Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 
paragraph 1-bis) of the Italian Banking Act transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended Article 91 of 
the Italian Banking Act provides for the following ranking:   
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly 
recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments 
(strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, in 
their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri) 
but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
The provisions also apply to instruments issued before the 193 Decree came into effect (1 December 2021)  
In light of the above, if Additional Tier 1 Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time either in 
whole or in part as Own Funds items) were to be disqualified entirely as Own Funds items in the future, their

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
51 
ranking would improve compared to Additional Tier 1 Notes and Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time 
qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu with Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time are not qualified in whole or in part as Own Funds item. In the 
event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank in priority to the Additional Tier 1 Notes, including those whose claims 
arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognized as an own funds instrument in full before it 
can make any payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes which, at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds items 
(in whole or in part). Furthermore, if Additional Tier 1 Notes are fully disqualified as Own Funds items, such 
Notes would not be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even 
though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary 
financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, may be subject to the burden 
sharing requirements of such legislation. 
In case the Additional Tier 1 Notes were to be disqualified as Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes, but were to qualify 
(in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Capital, their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes and they would rank pari passu with any instruments which qualify as Tier 2 Capital (save to the extent 
any such instrument rank, or are expressed to rank, senior or junior to the relevant disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Notes), but junior to any instrument – previously recognised as own funds item – that is fully disqualified as own 
funds. See further Condition 5 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 5 (Status of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
1.4.3 
There are no events of default, other than in the case of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, under 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes do not provide for events of default, other than in the case of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
defined in the Banking Act as set out in Condition 13.2 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 13.2 of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, allowing acceleration of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration 
of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will be the institution of proceedings 
to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any 
such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it. 
In the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, 
please also see Risk Factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable 
assets". 
1.4.4 
The Issuer may elect in its full discretion to cancel interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes and may, 
in certain circumstances, be required to cancel such interest 
The Issuer may elect at any time in its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited period and 
on a no-cumulative basis Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on any Interest Payment Date.  
Further, the Issuer will be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own 
Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any payments already accounted for 
in determining the Distributable Items. The Issuer’s Distributable Items will depend to a large extent on, inter 
alia, the dividends that it receives from its subsidiaries and affiliates. See also “–The level of the Issuer’s 
Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient Distributable Items will restrict the ability 
of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes” below.  
The Issuer will also be required to cancel payment of Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) 
if and to the extent that such payment, when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the 
UniCredit Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant,

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
52 
in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any 
provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s)), would cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
UniCredit Group to be exceeded, or where such Interest Amounts are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) 
by an order to the Issuer from the Competent Authority. For further details, see section below “If the Issuer 
breaches the combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict the 
Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders may 
not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments”.  
Additionally, the Competent Authority has the power under Article 104 of the CRD IV Directive to restrict or 
prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments such as the Additional Tier 
1 Notes. The risk of any such intervention by the Competent Authority is most likely to materialise if at any time 
the Issuer or the UniCredit Group is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its capital requirements – see “If the 
Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply which may restrict 
the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain circumstances; Noteholders 
may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest payments” below.  
Also, in accordance with Article 63(j) of the BRRD (as implemented in Italy by Article 60(1)(i) of Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015), the Competent Authority has the power to alter the amount of interest payable under debt 
instruments issued by banks subject to resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable 
under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). The Competent 
Authority also has the power under Articles 53-bis and 67-ter of the Banking Act to impose requirements on the 
Issuer, the effect of which will be to restrict or prohibit payments of interest by the Issuer to Noteholders, which 
is most likely to materialise if at any time the Issuer is failing, or is expected to fail, to meet its capital or liquidity 
requirements. If the Competent Authority exercises its discretion, the Issuer will exercise its discretion to cancel 
(in whole or in part, as required by the Competent Authority) interest payments in respect of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a Contingency Event (as defined in Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
8 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes), the Issuer will not make payment of accrued and unpaid interest in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
up to the Write-Down Effective Date and any such accrued and unpaid interest shall be cancelled. 
The cancellation of any Interest Amounts shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer. 
Interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer elects not to 
pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and claims in respect of such 
amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor shall any Noteholder be 
entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. See Condition 7 (Interest and Interest Cancellation in 
respect Of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 7 
(Interest and Interest Cancellation in Respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Because the Issuer is entitled to cancel Interest Amounts in its full discretion, it may do so even if it could make 
such payments without exceeding the limits described above. Interest Amounts on the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
may be cancelled even if holders of the Issuer’s shares continue to receive dividends and/or the Issuer and/or its 
subsidiaries continues to make payments of interest or other amounts on other Additional Tier 1 instruments. 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes will likely have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be more volatile than the 
market prices of other debt securities on which interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may 
be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer’s financial condition. Any indication that, for 
example, the Issuer may not have sufficient Distributable Items and/or distributions may be limited by a Maximum 
Distributable Amount may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Also, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, Distributable Items and any Maximum Distributable Amount will 
depend in part on decisions made by the Issuer and other entities in the UniCredit Group relating to their businesses 
and operations, as well as the management of their capital position. The Issuer and other entities in the UniCredit 
Group will have no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in connection with their strategic decisions,

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
53 
including in respect of capital management and the relationship among the various entities in the UniCredit Group 
and the UniCredit Group’s structure. The Issuer may decide not to raise capital at a time when it is feasible to do 
so, even if that would result in the occurrence of a Contingency Event. Moreover, in order to avoid the use of 
public resources, the Competent Authority may decide that the Issuer should allow a Contingency Event to occur 
at a time when it is feasible to avoid it. Noteholders will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other entity 
in the UniCredit Group relating to decisions that affect the capital position of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, 
regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Contingency Event. Such decisions could cause 
Noteholders to lose all or part of their investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
1.4.5 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors and insufficient 
Distributable Items will restrict the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments on the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes  
As noted above, the Issuer will be required to cancel any Interest Amounts (in whole or, as the case may be, in 
part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts, when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own 
Funds instruments of the Issuer (excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then 
current financial year, exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding any payments already accounted for 
in determining the Distributable Items. 
The Issuer had approximately Euro 16 billion of Distributable Items as at 31 December 2023, of which 
approximately Euro 22.6 million were represented by the distributable portion of the Share Premium Reserve (see 
also Company financial statements – Section 12 Part B – Balance sheet - Liabilities, reported in the Notes to the 
Accounts of the 2023 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts).  
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items is affected by a number of factors. The Issuer’s future Distributable 
Items, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make interest payments under the Additional Tier 1 Notes, are a 
function of the Issuer’s existing Distributable Items and its future profitability. In addition, the Issuer’s 
Distributable Items may also be adversely affected by the servicing of more senior instruments, parity ranking 
instruments or more junior ranking instruments, including dividends on the Issuer’s shares. 
The level of the Issuer’s Distributable Items may be affected by changes to accounting rules, regulation or the 
requirements and expectations of applicable regulatory authorities. Furthermore, the definition of Distributable 
Items may be reformed in a restrictive way, if the Relevant Regulations are amended or extended. Any such 
potential changes could adversely affect the Issuer’s Distributable Items in the future. 
Further, the Issuer’s Distributable Items, and therefore the Issuer’s ability to make interest payments under the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, may be adversely affected by the performance of the business of the UniCredit Group in 
general, factors affecting its financial position (including capital and leverage), the economic environment in 
which the UniCredit Group operates and other factors outside of the Issuer’s control. See generally “Factors that 
may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes” above. In addition, adjustments to earnings, 
as determined by the Board, may fluctuate significantly and may materially adversely affect Distributable Items. 
1.4.6 
If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement, a Maximum Distributable Amount will apply 
which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain 
circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel 
such interest payments 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the CRD IV Directive, EU Member States must require that 
institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement will be subject to restricted “discretionary payments” 
(which are defined broadly by CRD IV as payments relating to Common Equity Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1 
instruments and variable remuneration to staff). 
In addition, the BRRD II introduced in the BRRD Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the 
combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirements. Pursuant to this provision the resolution authority shall 
have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount for the 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) (calculated in accordance with Article 
16a(4) of the BRRD, the M-MDA) where the combined buffer requirement is not met when considered in addition 
to the MREL requirement. Article 16a envisages a potential nine-month grace period whereby the resolution 
authority assesses on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under the provision, before such resolution 
authority is compelled to exercise its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions).

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
54 
The restrictions will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the combined buffer requirement calculated 
as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the last distribution of profits or “discretionary payments”. 
Such calculation will result in a “Maximum Distributable Amount” in each relevant period. As an example, if the 
available CET1 capital is within the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement no “discretionary 
distributions” will be permitted to be paid.  
As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer requirement, it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition, the Issuer will have the discretion to determine how to allocate the Maximum 
Distributable Amount among the different types of payments contemplated in Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive 
or Article 16a of the BRRD and it may elect to allocate such amounts to “discretionary payments” other than in 
respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Moreover, payments made earlier in the relevant period will reduce the 
remaining relevant Maximum Distributable Amount available for payments later in the relevant period, and the 
Issuer will have no obligation to preserve any portion of the relevant Maximum Distributable Amount for 
payments scheduled to be made later in a given period. Even if the Issuer attempts to do so, there can be no 
assurance that it will be successful, because the relevant Maximum Distributable Amount will depend on the 
amount of Net Income earned during the course of the relevant period, which will necessarily be difficult to 
predict. 
Under the provisions of CRR and CRD IV, the Issuer is required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital 
equal to 8 per cent. of risk weighted assets (the Pillar 1 Requirement). In addition to these minimum capital 
requirements under the CRR and CRD provisions, supervisory authorities may add extra capital requirements 
(Pillar 2 Requirement) to cover risks they believe are not covered, or are insufficiently covered, by the minimum 
capital requirements. See also “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme – Risks connected to Bank Capital Adequacy” above.  
According to the CRD V, the Pillar 2 Requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent. Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 Capital. The relevant competent authority may require that the 
institution fulfils this additional requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution).  
Moreover, the CRR and the CRD V envisage a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. of total exposures to be 
held in Tier 1 Capital. In addition to this minimum capital requirements under the CRR and CRD V provisions, 
supervisory authorities may add extra capital requirements (Leverage Ratio Pillar 2 Requirement) to cover risks 
arising from excessive leverage. According to ECB this additional requirement “is intended to capture contingent 
leverage risk originating from a bank extensively using derivatives, securities financing transactions and off-
balance-sheet items, as well as engaging in regulatory arbitrage and providing step-in support.” 
The CRD V also envisages a “Pillar 2 guidance” (the Pillar 2 Guidance) and a “leverage ratio Pillar 2 guidance” 
which sets a level and quality of capital the relevant credit institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall 
capital and leverage ratio requirements. Failure to meet the Pillar 2 Guidance or the leverage ratio Pillar 2 guidance 
does not trigger automatic restrictions on distributions provided for in Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive or 
Article 16a of the BRRD. However, where an institution repeatedly fails to meet the Pillar 2 Guidance, the 
competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose additional Own Funds 
or leverage ratio requirements. 
The provisions laid down by the CRD V as to the Pillar 2 Guidance, “leverage ratio Pillar 2 guidance” and Pillar 
2 Requirements have been transposed into the Italian secondary level legislation. 
According to EBA’s guidelines to national supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and Supervisory Stress Testing (the SREP Guidelines), as 
most recently updated on 18 March 2022, competent authorities may, on the basis of the vulnerabilities and 
deficiencies identified in the SREP assessment, among other things, restrict or prohibit distributions or interest 
payments by a credit institution to members or holders of its Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, as provided 
by Article 104 (1 (i)) of the CRD IV. Accordingly, the additional Pillar 2 Requirement and leverage ratio 
requirements that may be imposed on the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group by the ECB pursuant to the SREP 
would require the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to hold capital levels above the Pillar 1 Requirement. 
The CRRII allows for the “grandfathering”, until 28 June 2025 at the latest, of Additional Tier 1 instruments, Tier 
2 instruments and Eligible Liabilities issued before 27 June 2019, that do not comply with certain requirements

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
55 
of the CRRII. This grandfathering framework is in addition to the one provisioned by CRR Articles 484 – 491 
ended on 1 January 2022. 
The Banking Reform Package clarifies the distinction between the Pillar 2 Requirement and Pillar 2 Guidance. 
Under the Banking Reform Package (and as described above), only the “Pillar 2 Requirement”, and not “Pillar 2 
Guidance”, is relevant in determining whether an institution meets its combined buffer requirement for the 
purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions.  
The following tables show the impact of the Pillar 2 Requirement on the required minimum CET1 Capital ratio, 
Tier 1 Capital ratio and Total Capital ratio, in each case on a consolidated basis, as from the dates indicated, on 
the level at which the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions will take effect: 
 
Required minimum CET1 Capital ratio 
 
As at 31 March 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
Pillar 1 CET1 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 CET1 requirement 
1.13% 
1.13% 
Combined 
capital 
buffer 
requirement 
4.47%1 
3.95%1 
OCR level 
10.10 % 
9.58% 
1 Including buffers updated on a quarterly basis: 0.42 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer and 0.03 per cent. systemic risk buffer, 
as of 31 December 2023, and 0.44 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer, as of 31 March 2024. 
 
Required Minimum Tier 1 ratio 
 
As at 31 March 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
Pillar 1 CET1 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 1 Additional Tier 11 
1.50% 
1.50% 
Pillar 2 Tier 1 requirement 
1.50% 
1.50% 
Combined 
capital 
buffer 
requirement 
4.47%2 
3.95%2 
OCR level 
11.97% 
11.45% 
1 May be comprised of Additional Tier 1 or CET1. 
2 Including buffers updated on a quarterly basis: 0.42 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer and 0.03 per cent. systemic risk buffer, 
as of 31 December 2023, and 0.44 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer, as of 31 March 2024.

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
56 
Required Minimum Total Capital ratio 
 
As at 31 March 2024 
As at 31 December 2023 
Pillar 1 CET1 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 1 Additional Tier 11 
1.50% 
1.50% 
Pillar 1 Tier 22 
2.00% 
2.00% 
Pillar 2 Total Capital requirement 
2.00% 
2.00% 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
4.47%3 
3.95%3 
OCR level 
14.47%  
13.95% 
1 May be comprised of Additional Tier 1 or CET1. 
2 May be comprised of Tier 2, Additional Tier 1 or CET1. 
3 Including buffers updated on a quarterly basis: 0.42 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer and 0.03 per cent. systemic risk buffer, 
as of 31 December 2023, and 0.44 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer, as of 31 March 2024. 
As at 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023 and 31 March 2024, the consolidated capital ratios (CET1 Capital, 
Tier 1 and Total Capital ratios), are set out in the table below: 
 
Capital ratios 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2023 
31 March 2024 
CET1 Capital ratio  
16.68% 
16.14% 
16.36% 
Tier 1 ratio 
18.65% 
17.84% 
18.09% 
Total Capital ratio  
21.42% 
20.90% 
21.23% 
The transitional leverage ratio stated stood at 5.60 per cent. in 1Q24. 
UniCredit is fully compliant with its MREL requirements10 with a 1Q24 MREL ratio of -32.81 per cent. Of RWA 
(of which 24.23 per cent. of subordinated components) and of 10.16 per cent. Of Leverage Exposures (of which 
7.5 per cent. of subordinated components) implying a buffer of 621 bps over the 26.60 per cent. RWA 
Requirement (of which 19.83 per cent. of subordinated components, leading to buffer of -440 bps) and a buffer 
of -414 bps over the 6.02 per cent. Leverage Exposures Requirement (of which 6.02 per cent. of subordinated 
components, leading to buffer of 148 bps). 
Starting from 30 June 2020, CET1 Capital (and, as a consequence, also the CET1, the Tier 1 and the Total Capital 
ratios) benefits from the application of the transitional arrangements foreseen by the regulation for IFRS9 
provisions adopted by the Group in the quarter. In addition, the new grandfathering framework is applicable, until 
2025 and according to the CRR2 Article 494b, to the Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments issued before 27 
June 2019 that do not fully comply with the CRR2 Articles 52 and 63.  
If at any time the Issuer is unable to maintain its total Own Funds at the level necessary to meet its combined 
buffer requirement or a Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) restriction would be applicable and the Issuer 
may be required to cancel interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. The Issuer’s Own Funds requirements, 
including the Pillar 1 Requirement and leverage ratio requirements and the Pillar 2 Requirement and leverage 
ratio requirements, MREL and the combined buffer requirement are, by their nature, calculated by reference to a 
number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily observable or capable of 
 
10 MREL RWA requirement includes the Combined capital Buffer Requirement applicable at the date.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
57 
calculation by investors. Investors in the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be able to assess or predict accurately 
the proximity of the risk of discretionary payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes being prohibited from time to 
time as a result of the operation of Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive or Article 16a of the BRRD and, if 
relevant, in other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations. There can be no 
assurance that any of the Own Funds, leverage ratio and MREL requirements or the combined buffer requirement 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous 
requirements, which in turn may affect the Issuer’s capacity to make payments of interest on the Additional Tier 
1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the Own Funds, leverage ratio and MREL requirements or the combined buffer 
requirement applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher than the levels of Own 
Funds and/or eligible liabilities, as applicable, available to the Issuer and/or the Group at such point in time. Also, 
there can also be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will 
impose any higher Pillar 2 Requirement or leverage ratio requirements on the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group. 
These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to determine how the Maximum 
Distributable Amount will apply as a practical matter to limit interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
the reinstatement of the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down, and 
the ability of the Issuer to redeem and purchase the Additional Tier 1 Notes. This uncertainty and the resulting 
complexity may adversely impact the trading price and the liquidity of the Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
In addition to the above, under Article 133 of CRD V, European Member States may introduce a systemic risk 
buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital in order to prevent and mitigate macroprudential or systemic risk not 
covered by CRR, the countercyclical capital buffer, the G-SII buffer or the O-SII buffer. Pursuant to this provision, 
the Competent Authority has the power to set one or more systemic risk buffer rates applicable to one or a 
combination of the exposures of the kind referred to in Article 133(5) of CRD V.  
The provisions laid down by the CRD V as to the national competent authorities’ to introduce a systemic risk 
buffer have been transposed into the Italian secondary level legislation, now also providing for the regulator’s 
authority to set one or more systemic risk buffer rates.  
In this regard following a public consultation procedure, on 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy decided to apply a 
systemic risk buffer (SyRB) of 1.0 per cent. of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and 
counterparty credit risks. The SyRB applies to all banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. The buffer rate is 
imposed gradually: 0.5 per cent. by 31 December 2024, and 1 per cent. (full rate) by 30 June 2025. The SyRB is 
to be applied at the highest level of consolidation for banking groups. 
It should be remembered that, in accordance with the Recommendation of the European System Risk Board, the 
Bank of Italy has reciprocated the 2% SyRB buffer rate introduced by German Authorities on all exposures (both 
retail and non-retail) to natural and legal persons that are secured by residential real estate located in Germany 
applicable  from 1 February 2023.  
Furthermore, a number of Member States where the Group undertakes its activities have decided to introduce a 
SyRB buffer ratio. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, these decisions have not been reciprocated by the Bank 
of Italy and thus are not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s operations. 
Article 133 of the CRD V introduces restrictions on distributions in the case of failure to meet the systemic risk 
buffer rates imposed by the Competent Authority. In fact, based on the mentioned article of CRD V, “where an 
institution fails to meet fully the requirement under paragraph 1 of this Article, it shall be subject to the restrictions 
on distributions set out in Article 141(2) and (3). Where the application of those restrictions on distributions leads 
to an unsatisfactory improvement of the Common Equity Tier 1 capital of the institution in the light of the relevant 
systemic risk, the competent authorities may take additional measures in accordance with Article 64”. As a 
consequence, in the event of the breach of the systemic risk buffer rates, it may be necessary to reduce 
discretionary payments, including potentially cancelling (in whole or in part) interest payments in respect of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
58 
1.4.7 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances, such 
interest may be cancelled and not paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date; the Issuer may be required 
to reduce the principal amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes to absorb losses 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may trade, and/or the prices for the Additional Tier 1 Notes may appear, on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and in other trading systems with accrued interest. If this occurs, 
purchasers of Additional Tier 1 Notes in the secondary market will pay a price that reflects such accrued interest 
upon purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. However, if a payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date is 
cancelled (in whole or in part) as described herein and thus is not due and payable, purchasers of such Additional 
Tier 1 Notes will not be entitled to that interest payment (or, if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, 
but not all, of such interest payment, the portion of such interest payment not paid) on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. This may affect the value of any investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt accrued interest will also be cancelled following a Write-Down as described below.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes are being issued for capital adequacy regulatory purposes with the intention and 
purpose of being eligible as Additional Tier 1 Capital under the CRD IV both at the level of the Issuer and at the 
level of the UniCredit Group. Such eligibility depends upon a number of conditions being satisfied. One of these 
relates to the ability of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the proceeds of their issue to be available to absorb any 
losses of the Issuer. Accordingly, under the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, if at any time the Issuer’s or the UniCredit Group’s Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio falls below 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption 
applicable to Additional Tier 1 instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations (excluding any guidelines or 
policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group (a Contingency 
Event), the Issuer shall reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes by the Write-
Down Amount, pro rata with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and taking into account the write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any other Loss Absorbing Instruments. See Condition 8 (Loss 
Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
and Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Although Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes permit the Issuer in its full discretion to reinstate Written-Down principal amounts up to a 
maximum of the Initial Principal Amount if certain conditions (further described therein) are met, the Issuer is 
under no obligation to do so. Moreover, the Issuer will only have the option to Write-Up the principal amount of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes if, at a time when the Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is 
less than their Initial Principal Amount, both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are 
recorded, and if the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated 
together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in 
Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) 
under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any provision of Italian law transposing or implementing Article 
141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s), as amended or replaced)) would not be 
exceeded as a result of the Write-Up.  
No assurance can be given that these conditions will ever be met, or that the Issuer will ever Write-Up the principal 
amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down. Furthermore, any Write-Up must be undertaken 
on a pro rata basis with the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in Condition 
8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 8.3 (Reinstatement of principal amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
in the circumstances then existing.  
During the period of any Write-Down pursuant to Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal 
Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, interest will 
accrue (subject in certain circumstances to the Maximum Distributable Amount, as further set out below) on the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, which shall be lower than the Initial Principal Amount 
unless and until the Additional Tier 1 Notes are subsequently Written-Up in full. Furthermore, in the event that a 
Write-Down occurs during an Interest Period, any interest accrued but not yet paid up to the occurrence of such

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
59 
Write-Down will be cancelled. See generally Condition 7.4 (Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-
Down) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 7.4 (Calculation of Interest 
Amount in case of Write-Down) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.  
Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment as a result of a Write Down. If any judgment is rendered by 
any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason prior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes being written-up in full pursuant to Condition 8 (Loss Absorption and 
Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
8 (Loss Absorption and Reinstatement of Principal Amount) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes, Noteholders’ claims for principal and interest will be based on the reduced Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes.  
In addition, in certain circumstances the Maximum Distributable Amount will impose a cap on the Issuer’s ability 
to pay interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes, on the Issuer’s ability to reinstate the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes following a Write-Down and on its ability to redeem or repurchase Additional Tier 
1 Notes. See generally “If the Issuer breaches the combined buffer requirement a Maximum Distributable Amount 
will apply which may restrict the Issuer from making interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes in certain 
circumstances; Noteholders may not be able to anticipate whether or when the Issuer will cancel such interest 
payments”. 
The market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the Issuer’s and the 
UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. Any indication that the Issuer’s or the UniCredit Group’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event may have 
an adverse effect on the market price of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
In the event that the relevant resolution authority utilises the general bail-in tool, this could materially adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Additional Tier 1 Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Additional Tier 1 Notes. In addition to the general bail-in 
tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert 
into equity capital instruments such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes at the point of non-viability and before any 
other resolution action is taken. Any shares issued to holders of subordinated notes (such as the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. 
See generally “– The Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to write-down, cancellation or conversion upon the 
occurrence of the exercise by the relevant resolution authority of the general bail-in tool or capital instruments 
write-down and conversion powers, which powers are in addition to the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
which provide for Write-Down on the occurrence of a Contingency Event, or may be subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD”. 
The calculation of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios will be affected by a number of factors, many of 
which may be outside the Issuer’s control. 
The occurrence of a Contingency Event, which would result in a Write-Down of the Prevailing Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (and the cancellation of interest accrued not yet paid up to the occurrence of the 
Write-Down) or the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, is inherently unpredictable and depends on 
a number of factors, many of which may be outside the Issuer’s control. Also, whether a Contingency Event has 
occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer and the Competent Authority. Because the Competent 
Authority may require Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios to be calculated as of any date (which calculation 
shall be binding on the Noteholders), a Contingency Event could occur at any time. The calculation of the 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratios of the Issuer or of the UniCredit Group could be affected by a wide range 
of factors, including, among other things, factors affecting the level of the Issuer’s earnings or dividend payments, 
the mix of its businesses, its ability to effectively manage the risk-weighted assets in its ongoing businesses, losses 
in the context of its banking activities or other businesses, changes in the UniCredit Group’s structure or 
organisation. The calculation of the ratios also may be affected by changes in the applicable laws and regulations 
or applicable accounting rules and the manner in which accounting policies are applied, including the manner in 
which permitted discretion under the applicable accounting rules is exercised. 
Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may not necessarily follow the trading 
behaviour of other types of subordinated securities. Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
of the Issuer or of the UniCredit Group is approaching the level that would trigger a Contingency Event or a 
breach of the combined buffer requirement may have an adverse effect on the market price and liquidity of the

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
60 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. Under such circumstances, investors may not be able to sell their Additional Tier 1 Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to more conventional investments. 
Changes to the calculation of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and/or Risk Weighted Assets may negatively affect 
the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio. 
In addition, regulatory initiatives may impact the calculation of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s Risk Weighted 
Assets, being the denominator of the Issuer’s and the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, 
respectively. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of the 
standardised models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of 
minimum capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called 
"output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, 
when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main 
purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market 
risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was 
completed in December 2017. The implementation of this new risk assessment framework, which should have 
originally occured on 1 January 2022 (with transitional arrangement for phasing in the aggregate output floor), 
has been postponed – due to COVID-19 outbreak – by the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (GHOS) to 1 January 2023. The EU is expected to implement these standards by way of new changes 
to the CRR (CRR III) which were proposed on 27 October 2021, in the context of the so-called “2021 Banking 
Package” legislative proposal. In particular, this proposal is aimed at finalising the inmplementation of Basel III 
agreement in the European Union. Thus, it will impact the calculation of the Issuer’s or the UniCredit Group’s 
Risk Weighted Assets and, consequently, the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
Ratio. 
Any changes that may occur in the application to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group of the CRD IV rules, the 
loss absorbency requirements under the BRRD (including MREL) and/or any subsequent changes to such rules 
and other variables may individually and/or in the aggregate negatively affect the Issuer or the UniCredit Group’s 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and thus increase the risk of a Contingency Event, which will lead to 
Write-Down, and a breach of the combined buffer requirement, as a result of which Noteholders could lose all or 
part of the value of their investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
1.4.8 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt which may rank pari passu with or senior to 
the Additional Tier 1 Note 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Additional Tier 
1 Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes. The 
issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the Issuer's bankruptcy. 
If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse 
consequences, including cancellation of interest and reduction of principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated 
(whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
1.4.9 
No scheduled redemption – early redemption and purchase of the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be 
restricted  
The Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Additional Tier Notes at any time before the date on which 
voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in respect of the Issuer, and the Noteholders have 
no right to call for their redemption. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10.16 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.16 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) 
redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in whole, but not in part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, plus any accrued interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11 
(Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for Notes in Global Form and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as described in Condition 10.2 (No fixed redemption for the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.2 (No 
fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
61 
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its sole discretion (but subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes), redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in 
whole, but not in part, following the occurrence of a Capital Event and in whole, or in part, following the 
occurrence of a Tax Event (each as defined herein) at their Prevailing Principal Amount, plus, in each case, if 
relevant, any accrued interest and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms 
and Contions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 11 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes as described in Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for 
tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
In addition, on 22 December 2022 the Council Directive 2022/2523 “on ensuring a global minimum level of 
taxation for multinational groups in the Union” aimed at implementing the OECD Pillar Two Model Rules 
(the Pillar 2 Directive) has been published in the EU Official Journal. The Directive has been unanimously 
approved by all 27 Member States, which are required to implement these rules into their national systems 
before 31 December 2023 (first fiscal year applicable 2024). The extent of the implementation of Pillar 2 
Directive in the jurisdictions in which the UniCredit Group operates is still uncertain. In particular, it is 
unclear whether and to what extent interest payments accrued in respect of certain equity accounted 
instruments such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes would be considered as being deductible for tax purposes. 
If, following the implementation of the Pillar 2 Directive in Italy, interest payments under the Notes become 
not tax deductible by the Issuer, this may result in the occurrence of a Tax Event (please see Condition 10.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes). 
The intention of UniCredit is for Additional Tier 1 Notes to qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 1 Capital" 
for regulatory capital purposes.  
Although it is UniCredit’s expectation that the Additional Tier 1 Notes qualify on issue as "Additional Tier 
1 Capital", there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes that would 
be likely to result in their exclusion from "Additional Tier 1 Capital" and, in respect of any redemption of 
the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, 
both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be 
reasonably certain and (ii) UniCredit demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by 
UniCredit as at the date of the issue of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes, UniCredit will (if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77(b) and 
78 of the CRD IV Regulation or, if different, the then applicable Relevant Regulations. There can be no 
assurance that holders of such Additional Tier 1 Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as 
the case may be. Also, if at any time a Regulatory Event with regard to Additional Tier 1 Notes occurs then 
the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to modification without 
Noteholder consent” below, at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Any early redemption or purchase of Additional Tier 1 Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (in each case subject to and in 
accordance with the then Relevant Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, 
as amended or replaced from time to time), where either:

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
62 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and  
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date 
of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRD IV 
Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, as 
subsequently amended: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the Issuer having demonstrated to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis 
of the determination that it would be classified from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market marketing purposes. 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Relevant Regulations. 
In addition, any proposed redemption of Additional Tier 1 Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date 
shall (i) in the case of a Capital Event, be restricted as set out above under “Regulatory classification of the Notes” 
and (ii) in the case of a Tax Event, be limited to circumstances in which the change or amendment giving rise to 
the Tax Event is, to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority, material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit any redemption or purchase of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes. See also “No scheduled redemption” above. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to 
exercise any option to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes early or at any time. Holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for an 
indefinite period. 
1.4.10 
Additional Tier 1 Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If (i) at any time, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs for any Series of Additional Tier 1 
Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of 
Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes for any Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of a Series of Additional Tier 1 Notes so that they remain or, as

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
63 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 21 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In 
Powers) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes have terms not materially less favourable 
to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to 
such variation. 
1.5 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
1.5.1 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal 
amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined by 
reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in 
currency exchange rates or to other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes 
with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(e) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the impact of 
any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable will be magnified; 
and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in the light of its particular circumstances. 
1.5.2 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent 
instalment of the issue price could lose all of its investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of its investment.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
64 
1.5.3 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
1.5.4 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a participation to a fixed rate minus a rate based 
upon a reference rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be determined by reference to 
one specified rate or by the Calculation Agent on a formula basis). The market values of those Notes are 
typically more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the 
same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile 
because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect 
an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
1.6 
Risks related to the Dematerialised Notes 
1.6.1 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
To the extent applicable where indicated in the relevant Final Terms, Notes issued under the Programme might 
be issued in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time through book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and 
in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes). In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the 
Notes issued in dematerialised form. While the Dematerialised Notes are represented by book entries, investors 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial intermediaries 
holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Dematerialised Notes are held in 
dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the 
financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
1.7 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
1.7.1 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, each Noteholder unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction 
or otherwise, in respect of such Note.  
1.7.2 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and 
each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
65 
1.7.3 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including, without limitation, EURIBOR), 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-
EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, including, without 
limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any Reset Notes referencing the 
relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Notes), in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guidelines principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 
2023, the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes (each an 
Original Reference Rate) were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes which reference such Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes, as indicated in the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. Such provisions could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any relevant Notes referring the relevant Original 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
66 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as 
Secured Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR), as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar bonds, 
as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, 
including term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SOFR rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk 
free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and in the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Interest on Notes which reference a 
risk free rate can be capable of being determined only immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rates to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the Rate of Interest payable 
shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. Investors 
should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan 
and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes provide for certain arrangements in the event that a published Original Reference Rate 
(including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Reference Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Reference Rate determined by an Independent 
Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment Spread. The application of a Successor 
Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is 
determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine 
the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last used for the relevant Notes. 
In the case of Notes not linked to SOFR, if Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined or, in the case of Reset Notes, Reset Reference 
Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, if the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate (as 
defined in the Conditions) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then: (i) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours: 
(A) to determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer cannot 
determine a Successor Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any), appoint an Independent Adviser 
to determine an Alternative Reference Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or 
Reset Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date); (ii) if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate and the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread 
(if any) no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period (the Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date). No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant changes 
pursuant to the terms and conditions, including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other 
steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (as applicable). 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, if Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
67 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event and 
the relevant SOFR Index Cessation Date (as defined in the Conditions) have both occurred, when a Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined, then: (i) the Benchmark 
Replacement shall be the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the SOFR by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the SOFR (which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or spreads) ; or (ii) if no such rate has 
been recommended within one Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement shall be the ISDA Fallback Rate (which rate may include any adjustments or spreads that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark Replacement); or (iii) if the replacement rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the previous paragraph, then the Benchmark Replacement shall be the 
alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current rate for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor that gives due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as 
a replacement for the then-current Original Reference Rate for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes 
at such time (which rate may include any adjustments or spreads). No consent of the Noteholders shall be 
required in connection with effecting any relevant changes pursuant to the terms and conditions, including 
for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the 
Agency Agreement (as applicable). 
There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the 
relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
and the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or 
guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, 
then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
as provided by Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
1.7.4 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Interest Notes where the amount of interest is dependent upon the level of 
an inflation/consumer price index or indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest. In addition, the movements in the level of the 
inflation/consumer price index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index 
or indices may affect the actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event provisions. 
Relevant events may relate to an inflation/consumer price index publication being delayed or ceasing or such 
index being rebased or modified. If the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has occurred this may 
delay valuations under and/or settlements in respect of the Notes and consequently adversely affect the value of 
the Notes. Any such adjustments may be by reference to a Related Bond if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In addition certain extraordinary or disruption events may lead to early termination of the Notes which may have 
an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Whether and how such provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be 
ascertained by reading the Inflation Linked Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference 
to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation/consumer price index or the indices 
or interest payable will be magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the Notes are linked 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. Any movement in the level of 
the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes (if applicable).

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
68 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of inflation 
comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Notes, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments are linked is only one measure of inflation for 
the relevant jurisdiction or area, and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced 
by Noteholders in such jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Interest Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
maturity date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices. The 
level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices may be affected by the economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions or areas.  
1.7.5 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
1.7.6 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Italian laws or administrative 
practice 
The Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or administrative practice after the 
date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. 
1.7.7 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes in Global Form 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 20.1 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and Condition 18.1 of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes provide 
that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law. To the extent applicable, the Global Notes representing 
the Notes in Global Form provide that all contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Global Notes representing the Notes in Global Form are governed by Italian law, save 
for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by English law. Furthermore, 
Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case 
may be, representing the Notes in Global Form are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and, 
thereafter, delivered to Citibank N.A., London Branch as initial Principal Paying Agent, being the entity in 
charge for, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes and Permanent 
Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Notes in Global 
Form would be deemed to be issued in England and according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 
31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that “other debt securities (titoli 
di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued”.

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
69 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws 
applicable to the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and the Global Notes and the laws 
applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Notes in Global Form and any 
disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Notes. 
1.7.8 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable 
assets  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described as Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (each as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base 
Prospectus) in accordance with the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of this Base Prospectus) and the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines (SBG)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation 
such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own 
circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any 
“green”, “social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
(including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 
2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label. A basis for the determination of the definitions of, inter alia, “green” 
has been established by the EU Taxonomy Regulation, including the delegated regulations of technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out therein (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Delegated 
Acts). A first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives was 
approved in principle on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. A second delegated act for the 
remaining objectives will be published. On 6 July 2021, a delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the Commission, then published in the Official Journal on 10 December 
2021 and it is applicable since January 2022. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and 
presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion 
of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities. On March 
2022, the European Commission adopted a complementary climate delegated act including, under strict 
conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and it is applicable since January 
2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate and environmental 
objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-
neutral future. 
Even if a definition or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should develop or be established, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any green or social or sustainable project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes 
are to be applied will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable"(or 
other equivalently labelled) performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Delegated Acts) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. Moreover, 
in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be 
modified to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles and/or the ICMA’s Social 
Bonds Principles and/or the ICMA’s Sustainable Bonds Guidelines and/or the EU framework standard. Such 
changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond issued prior to their implementation.

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
70 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (the 
EUGBS) and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer's Sustainability Bond 
Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" label and the optional 
disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EUGBS could have an impact on 
investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the 
EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could 
result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued 
under this Programme that do not comply with the standards under the EUGBS. 
In the event that any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be 
no assurance that the green, social or sustainable projects (either resulting from the original application of the 
proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that (i) such green, social or sustainable 
projects will be completed within any specified period or at all, (ii) with the results or outcome as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or sustainable 
project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as such. Any 
such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations or to obtain any assessment, 
opinion or certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) 
towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and the relevant Notes or if any other risk(s) set out 
or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, 
such occurrence will not, with respect to any Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Notes, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes), (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder 
against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes or a breach or violation of any term 
of the relevant Notes, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any Noteholder to 
accelerate the Notes or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer; (iii) lead to a right or an obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of 
its Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated 
Notes, Additional Tier 1 Notes or as eligible liabilities instruments or impact any of the features of such Notes, 
including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or 
flexibility of payments (as applicable); (v) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power (or any other provision 
of the Relevant Regulations); (vi) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other 
amounts, as applicable in respect of any Notes, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Notes; or (vii) 
have any impact on the status of the Notes. Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be 
segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. There is no direct contractual link between any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds and any green, social or sustainability targets of the Issuer. 
Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest and the operation of any other features 
(as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, social or 
sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or sustainable 
projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
71 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as Own Funds or eligible 
liabilities. The fact that Notes which qualify as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (which may include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
are also Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the features of such Notes, 
including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or 
flexibility of payments or enhance the performance of the relevant Notes in any way, (ii) the availability of the 
Notes (or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, social or sustainable 
assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in 
accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Relevant Regulations, (iii) the relevant CRR eligibility criteria 
applicable to the qualification of the relevant Notes as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate) or 
applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities or (iv) the risks related to 
the qualification of such Notes as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate). Among the risks applicable 
to the Issuer’s Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be subject to mandatory 
write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the UniCredit 
Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital or Additional Tier 1 Capital, even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain 
conditions are met, in which cases the fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor is their level 
of subordination affected by such designation. 
The Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The 
Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds before deciding to invest. 
1.7.9 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second-party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
It should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, the 
Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion 
confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been defined 
in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the 
GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment 
in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, 
including the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of this Base Prospectus), a Second-party Opinion). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net 
proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. In addition, no assurance or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any Second-party Opinion, 
which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond and in particular with any eligible projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability 
and/or other criteria. Any such Second-party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  
A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
72 
green or social or sustainable assets. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such Second-party Opinion attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such Second-party Opinion is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or 
any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
1.7.10 
Risks relating to the application of a Participation Factor or a Leverage lower than 100 per cent. 
The formula in respect of which the Rate of Interest payable from time to time for each Interest Period is 
determined may provide that the amount of interest payable is dependent upon a Participation Factor or a Leverage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where the applicale Final Terms specify a Participation Factor or a 
Leverage lower than 100 per cent., according to the relevant formula the amount of interest payable will be 
calculated on the basis of a fraction of the value of the Reference Rate or of the CMS Rate, or of (CMS Rate 1 – 
CMS Rate 2), as the case may be. In this scenario, therefore, investors will not be able to benefit in full from the 
trend of the Reference Rate or of the CMS Rate, or of (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) , as the application of a 
Participation Factor or Leverage may reduce the impact of any element having a positive effect on the applicable 
Rate of Interest. The value of the Participation Factor or a Leverage may differ in relation to the Rate of Interest 
payable from time to time for each Interest Period. 
1.8 
Risks related to the market generally  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
1.8.1 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors 
73 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
1.8.2 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer 
be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to 
their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely 
to have a further significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have to sell 
their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount. In addition, Series of the Notes issued under 
this Programme may be subscribed (upon issuance) by the Issuer itself or by its affiliate(s) for resales on the 
secondary market thereafter on the basis of investors’ demand. Accordingly, in these cases investors 
purchasing the relevant Notes should be aware that there may not be a liquid secondary market for the 
relevant Notes immediately. Even if a market does develop subsequently, it may not be liquid. Furthermore 
investors should note that when subscribing the Notes the relevant Dealer may receive in consideration 
underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to 
investors without the involvement of any Dealer. In addition, the Issuer or one of its affiliates may act market 
maker, liquidity provider or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the Notes, including 
inter alia acting as intermediary performing the investment service of execution of orders; in such cases, the 
Issuer or one of its affiliates can purchase the Notes issued by itself. In light of the above circumstances 
potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer and/or its affiliates acting in such capacity of 
owners/holders of the Notes and/or market maker, liquidity provider or specialist or intermediary on the one 
hand and investors in the Notes on the other.  
The relevant market maker, liquidity provider or specialist may act by virtue of agreements entered into with 
the Issuer and/or the Dealer/Distributor, pursuant to which such subjects undertake to sell the Notes on the 
secondary market at a price calculated on the basis of predetermined conditions and/or for a maximum 
predetermined quantity. Where the liquidity of the Notes is supported by one or more subjects operating on 
the secondary market, there is a risk that the purchase price of the Notes is influenced in a prevalent manner 
by the activity of such subjects if the purchase price is formulated on the basis of pre-determined criteria; in 
such a case, in fact, the price may not reflect all the market variables and may not be indicative of the same 
and may, therefore, be different than the price that would have been determined independently on the market. 
However, the Issuer reserves the right to cancel some or all of the Notes held by the Issuer itself or by re-
purchasing them from the relevant Dealer at any time prior to the final maturity of the Notes. Accordingly, 
the aggregate nominal amount or number of Notes outstanding at any time may be significantly less than the 
nominal amount outstanding on the Issue Date, and this could have a negative impact on the investor’s ability 
to sell the Notes in the secondary market. While this risk applies to all Notes, it may be particularly the case 
with regard to Notes intended to be/or listed on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and admitted to trading on the 
Electronic Bond Market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (MOT) or on EuroTLX organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euro TLX) 
Any such right of cancellation by the Dealer or any other entity acting as Dealer, shall be exercised in 
accordance with applicable laws, the terms and conditions of the Notes and the applicable rules of the 
relevant stock exchange(s) and markets, including as to notification. 
Investors should therefore not assume that the Notes can be sold at a specific time or at a specific price 
during their life, and should assume that Notes may need to be held until maturity. The availability of any 
secondary market may be limited or non-existent and, if investors are able to sell the Notes, they may receive 
significantly less they would otherwise receive by holding the Notes up to their scheduled maturity.

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors 
74 
1.8.3 
Impact of fees and/or costs on the Issue/Offer Price 
The Issue Price and/or Offer Price of the Notes may include implicit fees (e.g. subscription fees, 
placement/distribution fees, direction fees, structuring fees, mandate fees) and/or other additional costs. The 
type and amount of any implicit fees and/or costs which are applicable from time to time will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, any such fees and/or costs and may be increased during the Offer 
Period as a result of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes that have been placed, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Any such fees and costs may not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the 
price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market and could result in a difference between the issue price 
and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Notes, and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any 
intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, where any such 
fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in 
the secondary market. 
1.8.4 
Certain risks relating to public offers of Notes 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed 
to be null and void according to the terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may also terminate the offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance 
of further subscription requests and by giving notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Any such termination may occur even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), has not been reached.  
In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued 
and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, in such circumstances, 
investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes will be entitled to 
reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any remuneration that may have accrued in the period 
between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Notes. In addition, under 
certain circumstances, the Issuer will have the right to extend the Offer Period and/or to postpone the originally 
designated issue date, and related payment dates. 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Notes is conditional upon 
admission to trading on the relevant multilateral trading facility indicated in the relevant Final Terms, occurring 
by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading of the Notes does not take place by the Issue 
Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the 
relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Notes, any 
subscription rights the potential investor has for the Notes will be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any 
compensation therefor. 
1.8.5 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors 
75 
1.8.6 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
1.8.7 
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes at maturity does not protect investors from the risk of inflation, 
i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the invested capital will not be affected by the increase in 
the general price level of consumer products. Consequently, the real return of the Notes, which is the adjusted 
return taking into account the inflation rate measured during the life of the Notes themselves, could be negative.

--- Page 76 ---
Important Information 
76 
Important Information 
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under 
the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). When 
used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers or by any of 
their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or of any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer or any of their respective affiliates accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data as well as calculations taken from 
industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It 
is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, 
such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
Commercial publications generally state that the information they contain originates from sources assumed 
to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed, and that the 
calculations contained therein are based on a series of assumptions. External data have not been 
independently verified by the Issuer. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or with 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or of 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement;

--- Page 77 ---
Important Information 
77 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a 
financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the likelihood of cancellation of Interest Amounts or a Write Down in the case of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes or the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the 
Republic of Italy. Furthermore, the Notes will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any 
legislation that is or will be passed to address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including 
government guarantees or similar measures. A wide range of Notes may be issued under the 
Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks for potential 
investors. For a description of the most common such features, distinguishing between factors which 
may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt 
Notes, please see section headed “Factors which are Material for the Purpose of Assessing the Market Risks 
Associated with Notes Issued under the Programme” in the Risk Factors section. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme 
or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Restrictions on marketing, sales and resales of Additional Tier 1 Notes to Retail Investors 
1. 
The Additional Tier 1 Notes discussed in this document are complex financial instruments. They are not 
a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, especially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, 
regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer 
or sale of securities such as the Additional Tier 1 Notes. Potential investors in the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance 
with respect to any resale of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein).

--- Page 78 ---
Important Information 
78 
2. 
a) In the United Kingdom (UK), the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS) requires, in summary, that the Securities should not be offered or sold to retail 
clients (as defined in COBS 3.4 and each a retail client) in the UK.  
b)  Each Dealer is required to comply with COBS. 
c) By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or a 
beneficial interest in such Additional Tier 1 Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, each prospective 
investor represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
i) it is not a retail client in the UK; and  
ii) it will not sell or offer the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail 
clients in the UK or communicate (including the distribution of the Base Prospectus) or approve 
an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or 
disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a retail client in the UK. 
d) In selling or offering the Additional Tier 1 Notes or making or approving communications relating to 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes you may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS. 
3.   
The obligations in paragraph 2 above are in addition to the need to comply at all times with all other 
applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the European Economic 
Area (EEA) or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the Additional Tier 
1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned in the Base 
Prospectus, including (without limitation) any requirements under the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) or the UK FCA Handbook as to determining the 
appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial 
interests therein) for investors in any relevant jurisdiction.  
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an 
offer to purchase, any Additional Tier 1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the 
Dealers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding 
upon both the agent and its underlying client. 
The Notes of each Tranche may: 
(A) 
initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with 
the Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
• 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
• 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes in Global Form of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 79 ---
Important Information 
79 
Whilst any Note in Global Form is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes in Global Form due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if 
the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received in accordance with its rules and procedures) to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note) if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or 
(iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes in Global Form represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes in Global Form (other than Temporary Global Notes), 
receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes in Global Form where TEFRA D is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes in Global Form, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of Notes in Global Form, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; or  
(B) 
be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Euronext Securities Milan (former Monte Titoli S.p.A.) with registered office and principal

--- Page 80 ---
Important Information 
80 
place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (Monte Titoli), for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression Monte Titoli Account Holders means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with 
Monte Titoli and includes Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear, and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will at all times be held in book entry 
form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
Financial Services Act and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the CONSOB and Bank 
of Italy Joined Regulation). The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, 
the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Articles 83-quinquies 
and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by PRIIPs 
Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify that "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" is applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise

--- Page 81 ---
Important Information 
81 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 82 ---
Important Information 
82 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SENIOR NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States  
Certain Tranches of Senior Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer. This Base Prospectus 
has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Senior Notes in Luxembourg and the Issuer has 
passported this Base Prospectus to the Republic of Italy, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified 
Member State a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and together the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person 
making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do 
so only with the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in 
accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and provided that such person 
complies with the conditions specified in or attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the Subordinated Notes and the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall not be offered in 
the context of a Non-exempt Offer. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Japan, 
Australia, the EEA (including, for these purposes, the Republic of Italy, France and Austria) and the United 
Kingdom. See “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
See “Form of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for clearance to the Autorité des Marchés financiers in France.

--- Page 83 ---
Suitability of Investment 
83 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
I. 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
II. 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
III. 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
IV. 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
V. 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These forward 
looking statements are contained in the section entitled “Risk Factors” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of their management with respect to 
future events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and 
projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one 
or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise 
identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or 
inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in the Issuer’s jurisdiction and the wider region in which the Issuer 
operates; 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments it 
is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects;

--- Page 84 ---
Suitability of Investment 
84 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate; and 
• 
actions taken by the Issuer’s joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its policies and 
objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities 
approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder.  
Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 
The Issuer is a corporation organised under the laws of the Republic of Italy. All of the officers and directors 
named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and of such 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process outside the Republic of Italy upon the Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments 
against them obtained in courts outside the Republic of Italy predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer or of 
such directors and officers under laws other than Italian law, including any judgment predicated upon United 
States federal securities laws. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022 respectively (together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer’s financial years end on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
either to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year or as of 31 December of such year, as applicable. 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.  
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA 2006 Definitions, the ISDA 2003 
Credit Derivatives Definitions or the ISDA 2009 Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction 
Settlement and Restructuring Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions published on 14 July 
2009, as applicable. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and in the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following 
terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 85 ---
Suitability of Investment 
85 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
Canadian Dollars and C$ refer to the currency of Canada;  
• 
euro, Euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
• 
billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 86 ---
Responsibility Statement, Third Party Information and Experts’ Reports 
86 
Responsibility Statement, Third Party Information and Experts’ 
Reports  
1. 
Persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
UniCredit S.p.A. as Issuer (the Responsible Person), having its registered, head office and principal centre 
of business, at Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A, 20154 Milan, Italy, accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
2. 
Responsibility Declaration 
To the best of the knowledge of the Responsible Person, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omissions likely to affect its import. 
3. 
Third party information 
No third party information is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the rating information set out in the 
section headed “Credit ratings” in the “Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group” of this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer declares that such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The sources of such information are the 
following rating agency: Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited – Sede Secondaria Italiana (Fitch), by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) and by S&P Global Ratings (S&P). 
4. 
Experts’ reports 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the reports 
of the auditors of the Issuer who have audited the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and 
the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
For further information please see the section headed “External Auditors” in the “General Information” section 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 87 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
87 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility in each of the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions for the content of this Base Prospectus under Article 6 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation 
to any person (an Investor) who acquires any Senior Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an 
Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus 
are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under “Consent” and “Common Conditions 
to Consent” below.   
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror with 
any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation 
to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of 
that Authorised Offeror.   
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and 
the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-
exempt Offer of Senior Notes. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and 
none of the Issuer and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to 
such offer for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Senior Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 6 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who 
that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is 
responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the Authorised 
Offerors and each an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Senior Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under “Common 
Conditions to Consent”: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Senior Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the Issuer's website (www.unicreditgroup.eu) and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as 
“Applicable”, the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes by any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed) (the Acceptance Statement):

--- Page 88 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
88 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Senior Notes] (the 
Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by UniCredit S.p.A. (the 
Issuer). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined 
in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify relevant State(s)] during the Offer Period 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the 
offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), and 
confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly.” 
The consent referred to above relates to Non-exempt offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules) from time to time 
including, without limitation, and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or 
suitability of any investment in the Senior Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions” in this 
Base Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a Dealer and 
consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels identified 
under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(III) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid 
by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Senior Notes does not 
violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors 
or potential Investors; 
(IV) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Senior Notes under the Rules; 
(V) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your 
client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such 
Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment 
in any Senior Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Senior Notes in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the 
application moneys; 
(VI) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the rules, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know 
your client” Rules applying to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(VII) immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware, or suspects, 
that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation 
and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(VIII) ensure that no holder of Senior Notes or potential Investor in Senior Notes shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules 
from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising;

--- Page 89 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
89 
(IX) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information (including, 
without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (I) above) and such 
further assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame 
set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information is 
information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Senior 
Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer 
relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in 
relation to the Senior Notes and/or to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to 
comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements;  
(X) 
during the primary distribution period of the Senior Notes: (i) only sell the Senior Notes at the 
Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); (ii) only sell the Senior Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in 
relation to the offering or sale of the Senior Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and 
specified by the relevant Dealer; 
(XI) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Senior Notes, or (ii) 
keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary 
management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only 
clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Senior Notes on their behalf, and in each 
case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(XII) ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any 
Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(XIII) comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common Conditions to Consent” 
below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-
exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(XIV) make available to each potential Investor in the Senior Notes this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable 
information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any 
information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus; and 
(XV) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of 
the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure 
that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) 
states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the 
Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and 
(C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), 
use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or 
logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such 
entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Senior 
Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 90 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
90 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of its respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a Relevant Party) incurs 
any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs 
of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any 
such investigation or defence) (a Loss) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach 
of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant financial 
intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it 
of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall 
pay to the Issuer, or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Loss. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant 
Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid 
to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon acceptance 
by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its 
consent in connection with the relevant Exempt Offer (the Authorised Offeror Contract), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with Italian law; 
(II) 
subject to paragraph (IV) below, the Italian courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract) (a Dispute) and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian courts; 
(III) 
for the purposes of paragraphs (II) above and (IV) below, the Issuer and the relevant financial 
intermediary waive any objection to the Italian courts, on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised 
Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above and who meets the other conditions stated in 
“Common Conditions to Consent” below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a 
Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the 
Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) above if Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
I. 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
II. 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Senior Notes in the Republic of Italy and Luxembourg as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Each Tranche of Senior Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in each Relevant 
Member State specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 91 ---
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
91 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SENIOR NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF 
SUCH SENIOR NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO 
ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-
EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE SENIOR NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR 
THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE 
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE 
ISSUER AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR 
LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 92 ---
Stabilisation 
92 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, will be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 93 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
93 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
• 
the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form contained in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 
2023, 
pages 
170 
to 
237 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2023/EUO2--2003372226-v1-UCI-EMTN-2023---Base-Prospectus-
(FINAL)_pub.pdf prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
• 
the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 
2023, 
pages 
238 
to 
309 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2023/EUO2--2003372226-v1-UCI-EMTN-2023---Base-Prospectus-
(FINAL)_pub.pdf prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
• 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes” of the first supplement dated 
4 August 2023 to the previous Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2023, pages 45 and 46 available at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2023/UCI-EMTN-2023---First-Supplement_pub.pdf prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
• 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form” and “Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes” of the second supplement dated 30 October 2023 to the previous Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
10 
May 
2023, 
pages 
38 
to 
50 
(inclusive) 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2023/UCI-EMTN-2023---Second-Supplement_pub.pdf prepared by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
• 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes” of the third supplement dated 
9 February 2024 to the previous Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2023, pages 7 to 9 (inclusive) available 
at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/funding-and-
ratings/funding-programs/EMTN/2023/UCI-EMTN-2024---Third-Supplement-(FINAL)_pub.pdf 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme; 
• 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 of UniCredit (the 2022 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts) available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/financial-
reports/2022/4Q22/2022-Annual-Reports-and-Accounts.pdf, including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Information Incorporated 
Page Reference  
Consolidated Report and Accounts of UniCredit Group: 
 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
127-167  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
187-188  
Consolidated Income Statement 
189  
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
190  
Statement of Changes in the Consolidated Shareholders' Equity 
191-194

--- Page 94 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
94 
Information Incorporated 
Page Reference  
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
195-196  
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts 
199-534  
Certification 
537  
Report of External Auditors 
539-545 
Annexes 
547-636  
Report and Accounts of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
Report on operations 
647-673  
Balance Sheet 
677-678  
Income Statement 
679  
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
680  
Statement of Changes in the Shareholders' Equity 
681-682  
Cash Flow Statement 
683-684  
Notes to the Accounts 
687-855  
Certification 
857  
Report of External Auditors 
887-893  
Annexes 
899-906  
• 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 of UniCredit (the 2023 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts) available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/investors/financial-
reports/2023/4Q23/2023-Annual-Reports-and-Accounts.pdf, including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Information Incorporated 
Page Reference  
Consolidated Report and Accounts of UniCredit Group: 
 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
145-185 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
205-206 
Consolidated Income Statement 
207 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
208 
Statement of Changes in the Consolidated Shareholders' Equity 
209-212 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
213-214

--- Page 95 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
95 
Information Incorporated 
Page Reference  
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts 
217-572 
Certification 
575 
Report of External Auditors 
577-583 
Annexes 
585-667 
Report and Accounts of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
Report on operations 
677-701 
Balance Sheet 
705-706 
Income Statement 
707 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
708 
Statement of Changes in the Shareholders' Equity 
709-710 
Cash Flow Statement 
711-712 
Notes to the Accounts 
715-886 
Certification 
889 
Report of External Auditors 
919-925 
Annexes 
927-934 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2023 – Press 
Release dated 3 May 2023 of UniCredit (the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as 
at 
31 
March 
2023 
– 
Press 
Release) 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/press-and-media/price-
sensitive/2023/UniCredit_PR_1Q23_ENG-03052023.pdf, including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Income Statement 
14 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Balance Sheet 
15 
Other UniCredit Group Tables (Sovereign Debt Securities – Breakdown by 
Country/Portfolio, Weighted Duration, Ratings) 
16-18 
Basis for Preparation 
19-22 
Declaration by the manager charged with preparing the financial reports 
25 
• 
the unaudited consolidated interim report as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2024 – Press 
Release dated 7 May 2024 of UniCredit (the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as 
at 
31 
March 
2024 
– 
Press 
Release) 
available 
at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/content/dam/unicreditgroup-eu/documents/en/press-and-media/price-

--- Page 96 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
96 
sensitive/2024/may/1Q24_UniCredit_PR_ENG.pdf, including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Income Statement 
14 
UniCredit Group: Reclassified Balance Sheet 
15 
Other UniCredit Group Tables (Sovereign Debt Securities – Breakdown by 
Country/Portfolio, Weighted Duration, Ratings) 
16-18 
Basis for Preparation 
19-23 
Declaration by the manager charged with preparing the financial reports 
26 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts 
not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
Form of the Notes 
97 
Form of the Notes 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Tranch may be issued as Notes in Global Form or as Dematerialised Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form. The Notes in Global Form will be issued with or without Coupons. 
The Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S). 
NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
Each Tranche of Notes in Global Form will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent Global Note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
I. 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
II. 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes in 
Global Form of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note in Global Form is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes in Global Form due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale 
to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received in accordance 
with its rules and procedures) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in 
such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for interests 
in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note) if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification.

--- Page 98 ---
Form of the Notes 
98 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes in Global Form with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered were the Notes in Global Form represented by the Permanent Global Note in 
definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also 
give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes in Global Form (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes in Global Form where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes in Global Form, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes in Global 
Form, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form”), 
the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and 
CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall 
not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes 
of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes in Global Form is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes in Global Form (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or as otherwise required by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or a public official authority) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in Global Form for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in Global 
Form in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note, and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
Form of the Notes 
99 
DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
The Dematerialised Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption 
or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The Notes 
have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The expression Monte Titoli Account Holders means any 
authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte 
Titoli and includes Euroclear as operator of the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Dematerialised Notes will 
be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation. The Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes may not require 
physical delivery of the Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Articles 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions of Monte 
Titoli, by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders  
whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be.

--- Page 100 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
100 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than 
€100,000 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN (1) NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A 
REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH 
ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS, AND (2) EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not (1) 
Notes to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access and (2) Exempt Notes and which 
have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]11 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
 
11Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
12 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 101 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
101 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]13 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID 
II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]14 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital 
markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]]15 
[Date] 
 
13  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
14  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 market approach. 
15  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 102 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
102 
FINAL TERMS 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
[Please include the place of incorporation, registered office, registration number and form of the Issuer] 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form/Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
during normal business hours at UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 Milan, Italy and has 
been published on the website of UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu, as well as on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com. Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at the address above. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing during normal business hours at UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 
Milan, Italy and has been published on the website of UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu as well as on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com. Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at 
the address above. 
(The following alternative language applies in respect of an offer of Notes continuing after the expiration of the 
base prospectus under which it was commenced) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form]/[Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [   ]] (copies of which are available as described below) and 
valid until 10 May 2025 (the 2024 Base Prospectus), notwithstanding the approval of an updated base prospectus 
which will replace the 2024 Base Prospectus (the 2025 Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and (i) prior 
to the publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 2024 Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] and (ii) after the publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 
2025 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the [Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form]/[Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] which are extracted from the 2024 Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The 2024 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] constitutes, and the 2025 Base Prospectus will 
constitute, a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and (i) prior 
to the publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, the 2024 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and (ii) after the 
publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, the 2025 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the [Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form]/[Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes which are extracted from the 
2024 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
The 2024 Base Prospectus [(including the supplement[s] thereto)] is, and the 2025 Base Prospectus will be, 
available for viewing at [address] and [website]].

--- Page 103 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
103 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
[(b) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/ the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]] 
(delete this paragraph if Not Applicable) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[Up to] [ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [ ] 
 
[The Aggregate Nominal Amount will be determined 
at the end of the Offer Period (as defined in paragraph 
8 of Part B below) [provided that, during the Offer 
Period the Issuer will be entitled to increase the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount.] [The Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of any such increase by 
[specify].] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[ ]

--- Page 104 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
104 
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date(s): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]]  
[The Maturity Date may need to be not less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ], then 
[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ]] 
 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/CAD-BA-CDOR/ 
SOFR/CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Steepener 
CMS 
Reference Rate] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]  
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
100 per cent. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 and 15 
below (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs)  
(i) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 15 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 105 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
105 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [19] [, 20] [and] [21] below] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(a) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes:  
[ ]]  
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
[each][the relevant] Interest Payment Date] [specify 
other in case of different Rates of Interest in respect 
of different Interest Periods]. 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/[ ] 
 
[[Multiple] Cumulative Coupon[s]] 
[In relation to the period from the Issue Date to [●], 
the Interest Payment Date shall be] [the earlier of the 
following dates: (i) the Optional Redemption Date, 
provided that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.5 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes; 
(ii) [●]] 
[Unless previously redeemed, in relation to the period 
from [●] to the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment 
Date shall be] [the earlier of the following dates: (i) 
the Optional Redemption Date, provided that the 
Issuer exercises its option to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 10.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes; (ii) the 
Maturity Date] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, unless previously 
redeemed, (i) interest accrued until [●] shall be paid 
on [●], and (ii) interest accrued from [●] to the 
Maturity Date shall be paid on [the Maturity 
Date]/[●].][Interests paid on previous Cumulative 
Coupon[s] will not be computed for the subsequent 
Cumulative Coupon[s].] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall be paid 
by the Issuer except for payments on such Interest 
Payment Dates.]

--- Page 106 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
106 
(Only relevant in the case of Dematerialised Notes) 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons and/or more than two Multiple Cumulative 
Coupons) 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or 
EuroTLX include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [payable [[ ] in arrear] 
on [ ]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except for the 
amount of interest payable on the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed 
Coupon Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are in 
definitive form.][Not Applicable][[Unless previously 
redeemed, on [each][the] Interest Payment Date, the 
Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders, for each Note, an 
amount determined as follows:][Insert the currency 
and the amount] per Note of [Insert the currency and 
the amount] Specified Denomination [[Insert the 
currency and the amount] per Calculation Amount] 
[Rate of Interest x Specified Denomination [x Day 
Count Fraction]] (Only relevant in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes)] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].][This 
Broken Amount applies if the Notes or are in 
definitive form]/[Not Applicable][In case of a long or 
short Interest Period (with regard to paragraph 13(b) 
(“Interest Payment Date(s)”) above), the amount of 
Interest will be calculated in accordance with the 
formula specified in paragraph 13(d) (“Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)”) above (Only relevant in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes)] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
Canadian Compound Method]616 
(g) 
Determination Date[s]: 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
16  
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars.

--- Page 107 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
107 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]] [payable [[ ] in arrear] 
on [ ]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except for the 
amount of interest payable on the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed 
Coupon Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are in 
definitive form.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].] [This Broken 
Amount applies if the Notes are in definitive 
form]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(j) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[●] 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]  
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 108 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
108 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(q) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes 
in Global Form) 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes) 
(t) 
Reset Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods 
each of [●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention] 
(b) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
(c) 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [Define for Compounded SOFR 
only, otherwise delete] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (e) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention subparagraph in (e) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] [ [  ] Business Days 
following each Interest Accrual Period End Date/As 
per Condition 6.3(b)(iii)(c) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form/As per 
Condition 6.3(b)(iii)(c) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
[Not Applicable] 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or 
EuroTLX include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Participation Factor: 
[100] per cent./[ ] 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes 
in Global Form)

--- Page 109 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
109 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes) 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Reference Rate(s): 
[[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/SOFR/CMS Reference Rate/Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate]] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or 
Steepener CMS Reference Rate) 
(If CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Currency: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or 
Steepener CMS Reference Rate) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or 
Steepener CMS Reference Rate) 
Specified Time: 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate) 
(i) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)/SOFR 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(First day of each Interest Period if CAD-BA-CDOR 
and the second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or CMS 
Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference Rate 
where the reference currency is euro) 
 
(In the case of CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate where the Reference Currency is 
euro): [Second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each interest Period]  
 
(In the case of CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate where the Reference Currency is 
other than euro): [Second (specify type of day) prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of Compounded SOFR with Lookback, 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation

--- Page 110 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
110 
Period Shift, set out the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to Interest Payment 
Date(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s)) 
(ii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX2 or any successor screen page] [insert 
other screen page]  
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions)  
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Leverage: [100] per cent./[ ]] 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
CMS Rate 1: 
[               ] 
Manner in which CMS 
Rate 1 is to be determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
(ii) 
CMS Rate 2: 
[               ]  
Manner in which CMS 
Rate 2 is to be determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback/Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift/Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay/Compounded SOFR 
Index with Observation Period Shift] (only relevant 
for SOFR) 
Observation Period: 
 [[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions] 
(only relevant for SOFR) 
SOFR IndexStart and SOFR IndexEnd 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days: 
[SOFR IndexStart: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant 
for SOFR) 
[SOFR IndexEnd: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant 
for SOFR) 
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(Not less than Five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days without consent of Calculation Agent) 
D: 
[365/360/[  ]] (only relevant for SOFR) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 111 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
111 
(include “Not Applicable” in the case of Notes in 
Global Form. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[ ] per cent. 
(ii) 
Reference Rate: 
See paragraph Reference Rate(s) above 
(iii) 
Participation Factor: 
[100] per cent./[ ] 
(iv) 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[ [+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(k) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, if based on euro then the first day of 
each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked.) 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(m) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(n) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)]17 
(q) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - 
Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index Unrevised 
(CPI)/ Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer 
Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP)] 
 
17 
Actual/365(Fixed) is applicable to Canadian Dollars denominated Notes.

--- Page 112 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
112 
(Give or annex details of index/indices) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [CPI/HICP] which is provided by []. 
[As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[CPI/HICP] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation.]] 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[     ]  
(c) 
Index Factor: 
[     ] [Specify the relevant Index Factor] [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Calculation Agent (which shall not 
be the Principal Paying Agent): 
[name]  
(e) 
Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(f) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[   ] 
(g) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(h) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable]  
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 9.7 (Payment Day) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
and Condition 9.4 (Payment Day) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.) 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or 
EuroTLX include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Margin: 
[[insert Margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
113 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Commencement 
Date 
of 
the 
Inflation Index: 
[    ][Specify the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index]  
(o) 
Reference Month: 
[    ] 
(p) 
Reference Bond: 
[    ] 
(q) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ] 
(r) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(s) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify other] 
(t) 
End Date: 
[     ] 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None]  
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT specify 
Increased Cost of Hedging and Hedging Disruption 
as not applicable) 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[     ]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days

--- Page 114 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
114 
Notes and Condition 10.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.6 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes: 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount][[Make-whole 
Amount][Unless previously redeemed, at the option 
of the Issuer, the Notes may be early redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Dates in accordance with the 
following provisions in respect of each Note: 
Specified Denomination x [Insert percentage]%]] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(g) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent)  
20. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Please consider that not less than the minimum 
period nor more than maximum period (each as 
specified in paragraph 18 above) of notice has to be 
sent to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 15 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders)

--- Page 115 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
115 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes) 
21. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent] 
(ii) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ]/[[100 per cent.] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption: 
(i) 
for taxation reasons (subject to 
Condition 10.17 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised 
Notes) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 10.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes 
in 
Global 
Form 
and 
Condition 10.3 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes;  
(ii) 
 [for MREL Disqualification Event 
(subject to Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes 
in Global Form and Condition 10.17 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised 
Notes) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 10.6 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes 
in 
Global 
Form 
and 
Condition 10.17 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes; or] 
(iii) 
on event of default (subject to 
Condition 10.17 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes), 
and/or the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 10.8 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
and Condition 10.8 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form: 
[ ] [per Calculation Amount/As per Condition 10.8 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form/As per 
Condition 10.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] 
[See also paragraph 20 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable) 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.)

--- Page 116 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
116 
24. 
Extendible Notes:  
(a) 
Initial Maturity Date:  
(b) 
Final Maturity Date: 
(c) 
Election Date(s):  
(d) 
Notice period: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Not less than [ ] nor more than [ ] days prior to the 
applicable Election Date]* 
25. 
Relevant Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.18] 
 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on behalf 
of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which subparagraph 16(c) above relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
(Only relevant for Notes in Global Form) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
*  
For any maturity extension at the option of the holder a minimum of 10 business days notice is required. 
18 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 117 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
117 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third-party information,] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised 
 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 118 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
118 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market with effect from [    ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market with effect from [    ].] [Not 
Applicable.]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market) 
[Application [has been] [is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on the Electronic Bond Market organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (MOT)] 
[Application [has been] [is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on EuroTLX organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euro TLX). [   ], 
will act as Liquidity Provider on Euro TLX. 
[Specify other for Notes listed or admitted to trading, 
as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s)] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).] [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation

--- Page 119 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
119 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include 
making a profit] / [] 
[Further details on Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are included in the [UniCredit 
Sustainability Bond Framework], made available on 
the Issuer’s website in the investor relations sections 
at []] 
See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus. (If reasons for offer different from making 
profit or general corporate purposes (for example for 
a Green Bond, a Social Bond, or an issuance of a 
Sustainability Bond, will need to include those 
reasons here)) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, 
state amount and sources of other funding)  
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes Only)  
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CAD-BA-CDOR/SOFR/CMS Reference Rate/Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate/CPI/HICP] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
120 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
CUSIP:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
CINS:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
CFI: 
[[include code]19, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(f) 
FISN: 
[[include code]20, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(g) 
[[specify other codes] 
[ ]] 
(h) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(i) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(j) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
 
 
19  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 121 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
121 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
(include 
“Not 
Applicable” 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Dematerialised Notes)  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and addresses 
of Managers (specifying Lead 
Manager) 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription Agreement/ 
other agreement]: 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
Total commission and concession: 
[[             ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount][give details where applicable] 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(Include“TEFRA not applicable” in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes) 
(viii) 
[Non-exempt Offer [where there is 
no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus]:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders 
of this paragraph (viii) and also paragraph 9 below) 
[Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (note that the 
Issuer has passported the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements in the Republic of Italy)] 
Offer Period: 
From [Specify the start date(s)] until [specify end-
date(s)/give details]

--- Page 122 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
122 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)/Not Applicable] 
General Consent:  
Other Authorised Offeror Terms 
conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable) 
 
(Consider 
any 
local 
regulatory 
requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(xi) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only:] 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]20 
(xii) 
[EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
20 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. 
Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. 
• 
Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. 
• 
Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore. However, parties should consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s Notice on Business Conduct Requirements 
for Corporate Finance Advisers last revised on 21 June 2023 (as amended or modified from time to time) and the related due 
diligence requirements, and “Not Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate finance advice is given by the Manager or 
Dealer.

--- Page 123 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
123 
EU Benchmark Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of 
the 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)]. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert name of the benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of 
the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the BMR apply, such that the administrator is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
recognition 
or 
endorsement, or to benefit from an equivalence 
decision]]. (repeat as necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph) 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Whole section not to be completed if subparagraph 8(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable 
because there is no Non-exempt Offer)  
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify/give details] 
(b) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(c) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[A prospective investor will subscribe for Notes in 
accordance with the arrangements agreed with the 
relevant authorized intermediary relating to the 
subscription of securities generally/give details/Not 
Applicable]  
(d) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(e) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding amounts paid in excess 
by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(f) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(g) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(h) 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 124 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of less than €100,000 
124 
(i) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries:  
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(j) 
Process for notifying applicants of 
the 
amount 
allotted 
and 
an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(k) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information relating 
to costs and charges, also include that information) 
(l) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place and co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer and 
of single parts of the offer:  
[insert name] [insert address] [The Authorised 
Offerors identified in paragraph [8] above and 
identifiable from the Base Prospectus/None/give 
details]

--- Page 125 ---
Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
125 
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least 
€100,000 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES, AND NOTES TO BE ADMITTED 
TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation and UK Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]21 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]22 
[[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]  
 
21 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
22  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 126 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
126 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]23 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID 
II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]24 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital 
markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]]25 
 
23  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
24  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 market approach. 
25 
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 127 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
127 
[Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
[Please include the place of incorporation, registered office, registration number and form of the Issuer] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant regulated market/segment], which is 
[an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered 
or sold to non-qualified investors.]26 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form/Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date(s)] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing during normal business hours at UniCredit S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 
Milan, Italy and has been published on the website of UniCredit www.unicreditgroup.eu, as well as on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com. Copies may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at 
the address above. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours at UniCredit 
S.p.A., Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 20154 Milan, Italy and has been published on the website of UniCredit 
www.unicreditgroup.eu as well as on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com. Copies 
may be obtained, free of charge, from the Issuer at the address above. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
26 
Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will 
only be admitted to trading on a regulated market or a specific segment of a regulated market to which only qualified investors can have 
access.

--- Page 128 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
128 
(b) 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/ the date 
that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [ ] below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete this paragraph if Not Applicable) 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations27: 
[ ] 
 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors have access. In the case of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €150,000 (or equivalent). In the case 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000]]. [No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].]"))  
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
 
27  
The minimum denomination of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be Euro 150,000 and the minimum denomination of each 
Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 200,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body).

--- Page 129 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
129 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date(s): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate - Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
[(The Maturity Date may need to be not less than one 
year after the Issue Date)] 
[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption. The Notes may only be redeemed 
in the circumstances described in Condition [10 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form] 
[Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes].] (N.B. only applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ], then [ ] 
per cent. Fixed Rate from [       ] to [       ]] 
 
[[ 
 
 
 
 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/SOFR/CMS Reference Rate/Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate ] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate]  
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
100 per cent. 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 and 15 
below (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs)  
(i) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and with Condition 15

--- Page 130 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
130 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[               ] 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [19]/[, 20][, 21] [and] [22] below] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Non-Preferred Senior / Subordinated / 
Additional Tier 1] 
(a) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes 
[ ]] 
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
[each][the relevant] Interest Payment Date] [specify 
other in case of different Rates of Interest in respect of 
different Interest Periods] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/[  ] 
 
[[Multiple] Cumulative Coupon[s]] 
[In relation to the period from the Issue Date to [●], 
the Interest Payment Date shall be] [the earlier of the 
following dates: (i) the Optional Redemption Date, 
provided that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.5 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes; 
(ii) [●]] 
[Unless previously redeemed, in relation to the period 
from [●] to the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment 
Date shall be] [the earlier of the following dates: (i) 
the Optional Redemption Date, provided that the 
Issuer exercises its option to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 10.5 of the Terms and

--- Page 131 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
131 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes; (ii) the 
Maturity Date] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, unless previously 
redeemed, (i) interest accrued until [●] shall be paid 
on [●], and (ii) interest accrued from [●] to the 
Maturity Date shall be paid on [the Maturity 
Date]/[●].][Interests paid on previous Cumulative 
Coupon[s] will not be computed for the subsequent 
Cumulative Coupon[s].] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall be paid 
by the Issuer except for payments on such Interest 
Payment Dates.] 
(Only relevant in the case of Dematerialised Notes) 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons 
and/or more than two Multiple Cumulative Coupons) 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or 
EuroTLX include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [payable [[ ] in arrear] on 
[ ]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except for the 
amount of interest payable on the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed 
Coupon Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are in 
definitive form.][Not Applicable][[Unless previously 
redeemed, on [each][the] Interest Payment Date, the 
Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders, for each Note, an 
amount determined as follows:][Insert the currency 
and the amount] per Note of [Insert the currency and 
the amount] Specified Denomination [[Insert the 
currency and the amount] per Calculation Amount] 
[Rate of Interest x Specified Denomination [x Day 
Count Fraction]] (Only relevant in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes)] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].][This Broken 
Amount applies if the Notes are in definitive 
form]/[Not Applicable][In case of a long or short 
Interest Period (with regard to paragraph 13(b) 
(“Interest Payment Date(s)”) above), the amount of 
Interest will be calculated in accordance with the 
formula specified in paragraph 13(d) (“Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)”) above (Only relevant in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes)]

--- Page 132 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
132 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/Actual 
Canadian Compound Method]28 
(g) 
Determination Date[s]: 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]] [payable [[ ] in arrear] 
on [ ]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except for the 
amount of interest payable on the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed 
Coupon Amount[s] appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are in 
definitive form.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods)  
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].] [This Broken 
Amount applies if the Notes are in definitive 
form]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(j) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[●] 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/[ISDAFIX4]
/ [ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
28 
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars.

--- Page 133 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
133 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]  
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(q) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes 
in Global Form) 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes) 
(t) 
Reset Reference Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods 
each of [●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
(b) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
(c) 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [Define for Compounded SOFR 
only, otherwise delete] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (e) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in subparagraph (e) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] [ [  ] Business Days 
following each Interest Accrual Period End Date/As 
per 
Condition 
6.3(b)(iii)(c)/As 
per 
Condition 
6.3(b)(iii)(c) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 134 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
134 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or 
EuroTLX include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h) 
Participation Factor: 
[100] per cent./[ ] 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes 
in Global Form) 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes) 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Reference Rate(s): 
[[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CAD-BA-
CDOR/SOFR/CMS Reference Rate/Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate]] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or 
Steepener CMS Reference Rate) 
 
(If CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate is not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Currency: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate) 
Specified Time: 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate) 
(i) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)/SOFR 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(First day of each Interest Period if CAD-BA-CDOR 
and the second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or CMS 
Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference Rate 
when the reference currency is euro)

--- Page 135 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
135 
 
(In the case of CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate where the Reference Currency is 
euro): [Second day on which the T2 system is open 
prior to the start of each interest Period]  
 
(In the case of CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate where the Reference Currency is other 
than euro): [Second (specify type of day) prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of Compounded SOFR with Lookback, 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation 
Period Shift, set out the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to Interest Payment 
Date(s) in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s)) 
(ii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX2 or any successor screen page] [insert 
other screen page] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions)  
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Leverage: [100] per cent./[ ]] 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
CMS Rate 1: 
[               ] 
Manner in which CMS 
Rate 1 is to be determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
(ii) 
CMS Rate 2: 
[               ] 
Manner in which CMS 
Rate 2 is to be determined: 
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback/Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift/Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay/Compounded SOFR Index 
with Observation Period Shift] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
SOFR IndexStart and SOFR IndexEnd 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days: 
[SOFR IndexStart: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant 
for SOFR)

--- Page 136 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
136 
[SOFR IndexEnd: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant 
for SOFR)  
Lookback 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [[●]/Not Applicable] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
(Not less than Five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days without consent of Calculation Agent) 
D: 
[365/360/[  ]] (only relevant for SOFR) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(include “Not Applicable” in the case of Notes in 
Global Form. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[ ] per cent. 
(ii) 
Reference Rate: 
See paragraph Reference Rate(s) above 
(iii) 
Participation Factor: 
[100] per cent./[ ] 
(iv) 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[ [+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(k) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, if based on euro then the first day of 
each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked.) 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(m) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(n) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis]

--- Page 137 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
137 
30E/360 (ISDA)]29 
(q) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - 
Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index Unrevised 
(CPI)/ Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer 
Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP)] 
(Give or annex details of index/indices) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [CPI/HICP] which is provided by []. 
[As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[CPI/HICP] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation.]] 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[     ]  
(c) 
Index Factor: 
[     ] [Specify the relevant Index Factor] [Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Calculation Agent (which shall not 
be the Principal Paying Agent): 
[name]  
(e) 
Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(f) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[   ] 
(g) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
(h) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable]  
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of interest 
due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 9.7 (Payment Day) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
 
29 
Actual 365 (Fixed) is applicable to Canadian Dollars denominated Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
138 
and Condition 9.4 (Payment Day) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes.) 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or 
EuroTLX include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Margin: 
[[insert Margin] per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Commencement 
Date 
of 
the 
Inflation Index: 
[    ][Specify the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index] 
(o) 
Reference Month: 
[    ] 
(p) 
Reference Bond: 
[    ] 
(q) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [     ] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [     ] 
(r) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(s) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify other] 
(t) 
End Date: 
[     ]  
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT specify 
Increased Cost of Hedging and Hedging Disruption as 
not applicable) 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[     ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 139 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
139 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes and Condition 10.6 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.6 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes only, 
subject to the prior approval of the 
relevant Competent Authority, as 
applicable, and in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, 
including Articles 77(b) and 78 of 
the CRD IV Regulation or, if 
different, 
the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant Regulations):  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][[Make-whole 
Amount][Unless previously redeemed, at the option of 
the Issuer, the Notes may be early redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Dates in accordance with the 
following provisions in respect of each Note: 
Specified Denomination x [Insert percentage]%]] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]

--- Page 140 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
140 
(g) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent)  
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
21. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Please consider that not less than the minimum 
period nor more than maximum period (each as 
specified in paragraph 18 above) of notice has to be 
sent to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 15 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders) 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
22. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent] 
(ii) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ]/[[100 per cent.] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption:  
(i) 
for taxation reasons (subject to 
[insert in the case of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes] 
[Condition 10.17 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in the 
case 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes] 
[Condition 10.16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global 
[ ] [per Calculation Amount/As per Condition] [[10.8] 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form] / [10.8 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] 
[See also paragraph 20 above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable)  
[See also paragraph 21 above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Non-

--- Page 141 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
141 
Form and Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in the 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[Condition 10.16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes (including the 
prior approval of the relevant 
Competent Authority, as applicable, 
and in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations)]) 
as contemplated by Condition 10.3 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes 
in 
Global 
Form 
and 
Condition 10.3 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes;  
(ii) 
[insert in case of Subordinated 
Notes 
or 
Additional 
Tier 
1 
Notes][for 
regulatory 
reasons 
([insert in the case of Subordinated 
Notes] [subject to Condition 10.16 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes 
in 
Global 
Form 
and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] [insert in case of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes] [subject to Condition 
10.16 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes (including the prior approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations)]) 
as contemplated by Condition 10.4 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes 
in 
Global 
Form 
and 
Condition 10.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes;]  
(iii) 
[insert in case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes ][for 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(subject to Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes 
in Global Form and Condition 10.17 
of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Preferred Senior Notes and the Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event is applicable) 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.)

--- Page 142 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
142 
Dematerialised 
Notes) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 10.6 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes 
in 
Global 
Form 
and 
Condition 10.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes; or]   
(iv) 
on event of default (subject to[insert 
in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes] [Condition 
10.17 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.17 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] [insert in the case of 
Subordinated Notes] [Condition 
10.16 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes] [insert in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes] [Condition 
10.16 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised 
Notes (including the prior approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations)]), 
and/or the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 10.8 of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 
10.8 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes): 
25. 
Extendible Notes:  
(a) 
Initial Maturity Date: 
(b) 
Final Maturity Date: 
(c) 
Election Date(s):  
(d) 
Notice period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Not less than [ ] nor more than [ ] days prior to the 
applicable Election Date* 
26. 
Relevant Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
*  
For any maturity extension at the option of the holder a minimum of 10 business days notice is required.

--- Page 143 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
143 
27. 
Form of Notes 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.30] 
 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on behalf 
of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the Base Prospectus 
and the Notes themselves) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Periods for the 
purpose of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
subparagraph 15(f) above relates) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
(Only relevant for Notes in Global Form) 
[Not Applicable] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
By:  
 
 
30 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 144 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
144 
Duly authorised 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 145 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
145 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market with 
effect from [    ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
with effect from [    ].]  [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market) 
 
[Application [has been] [is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
Electronic Bond Market organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (MOT)] 
[Application [has been] [is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on EuroTLX organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (Euro TLX). [ ], will act as Liquidity 
Provider on Euro TLX. 
[Specify other for Notes listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s)] 
(a) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).] [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under

--- Page 146 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
146 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
(a) 
Use of the proceeds: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include making 
a profit] / [] 
[Further details on Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are included in the [UniCredit 
Sustainability Bond Framework], made available on the 
Issuer’s website in the investor relations sections at []] 
See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus. 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit or 
general corporate purposes (for example for a Green 
Bond, a Social Bond, or an issuance of a Sustainability 
Bond, will need to include those reasons here))) 
(b) 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[     ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state amount 
and sources of other funding)  
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
CUSIP:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
CINS:  
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 147 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
147 
(e) 
CFI: 
[[include code]31, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(f) 
FISN: 
[[include code]34, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(g) 
[[specify other codes] 
[ ]] 
(h) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
(i) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(j) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ ] 
(k) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(include “Not Applicable” in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes) 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
31  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 148 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
148 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
(specifying Lead Manager) and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(Include“TEFRA not applicable” in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(viii) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]32 
(ix) 
[EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[insert 
name[s] 
of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] 
 
32 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. 
Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. 
• 
Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. 
• 
Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore. However, parties should consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s Notice on Business Conduct Requirements 
for Corporate Finance Advisers last revised on 21 June 2023 (as amended or modified from time to time) and the related due 
diligence requirements, and “Not Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate finance advice is given by the Manager or 
Dealer

--- Page 149 ---
Applicable Final Terms for Notes with a Denomination of at least €100,000 
149 
of the administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the BMR)].  [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name 
of the benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the 
administrator is not currently required to obtain 
recognition or endorsement, or to benefit from an 
equivalence decision]]. (repeat as necessary)]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this subparagraph)

--- Page 150 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
150 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATIONS 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]33 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]34 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital 
markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]]35 
[Date] 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
[Please include the place of incorporation, registered office, registration number and form of the Issuer] 
 
33  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
34  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
35  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 151 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
151 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€60,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be read in 
conjunction with the [Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] 
(the Base Prospectus)/Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form attached hereto as Annex [  ] (the 
Conditions)/Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes attached hereto as Annex [  ] (the Conditions)]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the [Base Prospectus/Conditions]. Copies of the [Base Prospectus/Conditions] may be 
obtained from [address]. Stamp duty is paid virtually, if due, to Auth. Agenzia delle Entrate, Ufficio di Roma 1, 
No. 143106/07 of 21 December 2007. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [[Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form/Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus]36/Conditions]. 
(The following alternative language applies in respect of an offer of Notes continuing after the expiration of the 
base prospectus under which it was commenced) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form]/[Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [   ]] (copies of which are available as described below) and 
valid until 10 May 2025 (the 2024 Base Prospectus), notwithstanding the approval of an updated base prospectus 
which will replace the 2024 Base Prospectus (the 2025 Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and (i) prior 
to the publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 2024 Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] and (ii) after the publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, must be read in conjunction with the 
2025 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the [Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form]/[Terms and 
Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] which are extracted from the 2024 Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The 2024 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] constitutes, and the 2025 Base Prospectus will 
constitute, a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and (i) prior 
to the publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, the 2024 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and (ii) after the 
publication of the 2025 Base Prospectus, the 2025 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the [Terms and Conditions 
for the Notes in Global Form]/[Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes which are extracted from the 
2024 Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
The 2024 Base Prospectus [(including the supplement[s] thereto)] is, and the 2025 Base Prospectus will be, 
available for viewing at [address] and [website]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
2. 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
36  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different 
date.

--- Page 152 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
152 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(b) 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [ ] below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[Up to] [ ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] [ ] 
 
[The Aggregate Nominal Amount will be determined at 
the end of the Offer Period (as defined in paragraph [  ] 
of Annex [  ] below) [provided that, during the Offer 
Period the Issuer will be entitled to increase the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount.] [The Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of any such increase by [specify].] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations37: 
[          ] 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent) unless they are to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors have 
access. In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes 
must have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €200,000 (or equivalent)) 
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
37 
The minimum denomination of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be Euro 150,000 and the minimum denomination of each 
Subordinated Note or Additional Tier 1 Note will be Euro 200,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body).

--- Page 153 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
153 
(a) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date(s): 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
[The Notes are perpetual securities and have no fixed 
date for redemption. The Issuer may only redeem the 
Notes at its discretion in the circumstances described in 
the Conditions.] (N.B. only applicable to Additional Tier 
1 Notes) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 14 and 16 
below (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs)  
(i) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to which the 
change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the Switch 
Option to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and with Condition 15 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes on 
or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date:  
[               ] 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[               ] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 154 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
154 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior / Non-Preferred Senior / Subordinated / 
Additional Tier 1] 
(a) 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes: 
[ ]] 
(Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [each][the 
relevant] Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date]/[  
] 
 
[[Multiple] Cumulative Coupon[s]] 
[In relation to the period from the Issue Date to [●], the 
Interest Payment Date shall be] [the earlier of the 
following dates: (i) the Optional Redemption Date, 
provided that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with Condition 10.5 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes; (ii) [●]] 
[Unless previously redeemed, in relation to the period 
from [●] to the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date 
shall be] [the earlier of the following dates: (i) the 
Optional Redemption Date, provided that the Issuer 
exercises its option to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 10.5 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes; (ii) the Maturity Date] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, unless previously redeemed, 
(i) interest accrued until [●] shall be paid on [●], and (ii) 
interest accrued from [●] to the Maturity Date shall be 
paid on [the Maturity Date]/[●].][Interests paid on 
previous Cumulative Coupon[s] will not be computed for 
the subsequent Cumulative Coupon[s].] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall be paid by 
the Issuer except for payments on such Interest Payment 
Dates.] 
(Only relevant in the case of Dematerialised Notes) 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons 
and/or more than two Multiple Cumulative Coupons)

--- Page 155 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
155 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or EuroTLX 
include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [payable [[ ] in arrear] on [ 
]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except for the amount of 
interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date falling 
on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed Coupon Amount[s] 
appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are in definitive form.][Not 
Applicable][ 
[Unless 
previously 
redeemed, 
on 
[each][the] Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall pay to 
the Noteholders, for each Note, an amount determined as 
follows:][Insert the currency and the amount] per Note 
of [Insert the currency and the amount] Specified 
Denomination [[Insert the currency and the amount] per 
Calculation Amount] [Rate of Interest x Specified 
Denomination [x Day Count Fraction]] (Only relevant in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes)] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].][This Broken Amount 
applies if the Notes are in definitive form]/[Not 
Applicable][In case of a long or short Interest Period 
(with regard to paragraph 14(b) (“Interest Payment 
Date(s)”) above), the amount of Interest will be 
calculated in accordance with the formula specified in 
paragraph 14(d) (“Fixed Coupon Amount(s)”) above 
(Only relevant in the case of Dematerialised Notes)] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other][Actual 
365 (Fixed)] [Actual/Actual Canadian Compound 
Method]38 
(g) 
Determination Date[s]: 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
38  
Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars.

--- Page 156 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
156 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]] [payable [[ ] in arrear] on 
[ ]/[each Interest Payment Date][, except for the amount 
of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date 
falling on [ ]].] [[This]/[These] Fixed Coupon Amount[s] 
appl[ies]/[y] if the Notes are in definitive form.] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods) 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ].] [This Broken Amount 
applies if the Notes are in definitive form]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(j) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
(k) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/[ISDAFIX4]/ 
[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable]  
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(q) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(r) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(s) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes in 
Global Form) 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes)

--- Page 157 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
157 
(t) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each 
of [●]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] 
(b) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
(c) 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [Define for Compounded SOFR 
only, otherwise delete] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (e) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in subparagraph (e) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable] [ [  ] Business Days following each 
Interest Accrual Period End Date/As per Condition 
6.3(b)(iii)(c)/As per Condition 6.3(b)(iii)(c) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
[Not Applicable] 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or EuroTLX 
include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other]  
(h) 
Participation Factor: 
[100] per cent./[ ] 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes in 
Global Form) 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes) 
(j) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/CAD-BA-CDOR/SOFR/CMS 
Reference Rate/Steepener CMS Reference Rate ]]. 
(Either EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including fallback 
provisions in the Agency Agreement)

--- Page 158 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
158 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or 
Steepener CMS Reference Rate) 
(If CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference 
Rate 
is 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Currency: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] (only relevant for CMS Reference Rate or Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate) 
Specified Time: 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS Reference Rate) 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s)/SOFR Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(First day of each Interest Period if CAD-BA-CDOR and 
the second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or CMS Reference 
Rate or Steepener CMS Reference Rate where the 
reference currency is euro) 
 
(In the case of CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate where the Reference Currency is euro): 
[Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start of 
each interest Period]  
 
(In the case of CMS Reference Rate or Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate where the Reference Currency is other 
than euro): [Second (specify type of day) prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
(In the case of Compounded SOFR with Lookback, 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift and 
Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift, 
set out the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to Interest Payment Date(s) in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period(s)) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX2 or any successor screen page] [insert other 
screen page] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Leverage: [100] per cent./[ ]] 
Difference in Rates: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
159 
(i) 
CMS Rate 1: 
[               ] 
Manner 
in 
which 
CMS 
Rate 1 is to be 
determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
(ii) 
CMS Rate 2: 
[               ]  
Manner 
in 
which 
CMS 
Rate 2 is to be 
determined:  
[Reference Rate determined in accordance with Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with ISDA Determination/ CMS Rate 
determined in accordance with ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback/Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift/Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay/Compounded SOFR Index 
with Observation Period Shift] (only relevant for SOFR) 
Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions] (only 
relevant for SOFR) 
SOFR 
IndexStart and 
SOFR 
IndexEnd 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[SOFR IndexStart: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
[SOFR IndexEnd: [2 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / [  ]] / Not Applicable] (only relevant for 
SOFR) 
Lookback Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (only relevant for SOFR) 
(Not less than Five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days without consent of Calculation Agent) 
D: 
[365/360/[  ]] (only relevant for SOFR) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(include “Not Applicable” in the case of Notes in Global 
Form. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[ ] per cent. 
(ii) 
Reference Rate: 
See paragraph Reference Rate(s) above 
(iii) 
Participation Factor: 
[100] per cent./[ ] 
(iv) 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[ [+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] 
(k) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[          ]

--- Page 160 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
160 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.In the case of a CMS Linked Interest 
Note, if based on euro then the first day of each Interest 
Period and if otherwise to be checked.) 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(m) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
(n) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other]39 
(q) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[          ] 
(r) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other codes] 
 
39 
Actual 365 (Fixed) is applicable to Canadian Dollars denominated Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
161 
18. 
Index Linked Interest Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
 
[If physical settlement of Index Linked Notes is 
contemplated, details to be set out in an annex] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent]/[●] (only relevant for Notes in 
Global Form) 
[Issuer]/[●] (only relevant for Dematerialised Notes) 
(c) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in [(b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (f) below] is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other]  
[Not Applicable] 
(For Notes to be admitted to listing on MOT or EuroTLX 
include adjusted or unadjusted) 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(g) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
19. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
[give 
or 
annex 
details] 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
[          ]

--- Page 162 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
162 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[ ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.3 of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes and Condition 10.6 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes 
in Global Form and Condition 10.6 of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
Minimum period: [ ] days 
Maximum period: [ ] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] [each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [date] to (but excluding) [date] [and each 
Interest Payment Date following [date]].] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 
Notes only, subject to the prior 
approval 
of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount][Unless previously 
redeemed, at the option of the Issuer, the Notes may be 
early redeemed on the Optional Redemption Dates in 
accordance with the following provisions in respect of 
each 
Note: 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Insert 
percentage]%]] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business

--- Page 163 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
163 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent). 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Note and 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) 
23. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Please consider that not less than the minimum period 
nor more than maximum period (each as specified in 
paragraph 20 above) of notice has to be sent to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form and with Condition 15 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders) 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
24. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent.] 
(ii) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ]/[[100 per cent.] per Calculation Amount] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption:  
(i) 
for taxation reasons (subject to 
[insert in the case of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes] [Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.17 of the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in 
the case of Subordinated Notes] 
[Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 
10.16 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in 
the case of Additional Tier 1 
Notes] [Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
[ ] [per Calculation Amount/As per Condition] [10.8 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in Global Form] [10.8 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes] 
[See also paragraph 22 (Regulatory Call) above] (Delete 
this cross-reference unless the Notes are Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes and the Regulatory Call 
is applicable)  
[See also paragraph 23 above] (Delete this cross-
reference unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and the Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable)  
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the 
Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value, consideration should be given as to 
what the Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 164 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
164 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes (including 
the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]) as contemplated 
by Condition 10.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.3 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes; 
(ii) 
[insert in case of Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 
Notes] [for regulatory reasons 
([insert 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Subordinated Notes] [subject to 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 
10.16 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes] 
[subject to Condition 10.16 of 
the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes (including 
the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]) as contemplated 
by Condition 10.4 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.4 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes;] 
(iii) 
[insert in case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes] 
[for 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event (subject to Condition 
10.17 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 
10.17 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised 
Notes) 
as

--- Page 165 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
165 
contemplated by Condition 10.6 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes; or] 
(iv) 
on event of default (subject 
to[insert in the case of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes] [Condition 10.17 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.17 of the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in 
the case of Subordinated Notes] 
[Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 
10.16 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes] [insert in 
the case of Additional Tier 1 
Notes] [Condition 10.16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes in Global Form and 
Condition 10.16 of the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
the 
Dematerialised Notes (including 
the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent 
Authority, 
as 
applicable, and in accordance 
with 
applicable 
laws 
and 
regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation or, if different, the 
then 
applicable 
Relevant 
Regulations)]), 
and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in 
Condition 10.8 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Early Redemption 
Amounts) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form and Condition 10.8 
of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes: 
27. 
Relevant Currency: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
28. 
Extendible Notes:  
(a) 
Initial Maturity Date: 
(b) 
Final Maturity Date:  
(c) 
Election Date(s):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]

--- Page 166 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
166 
(d) 
Notice period: 
Not less than [ ] nor more than [ ] days prior to the 
applicable Election Date* 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.40] 
 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on behalf 
of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the Base Prospectus 
and the Notes themselves.) 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which subparagraph 16(f) above relates) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
(Only relevant for Notes in Global Form) 
[Not Applicable] 
32. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
[Not Applicable/give details. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
 
*  
For any maturity extension at the option of the holder a minimum of 10 business days’ notice is required. 
40  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 167 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
167 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
34. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been 
extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of UniCredit S.p.A.: 
By:  
 
Duly authorised 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 168 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
168 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
[specify market - note this must not be an EEA regulated 
market or the London Stock Exchange's main market] 
with effect from [   ].] [Application [has been] [is expected 
to be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on EuroTLX organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euro TLX). [  ], will 
act as Liquidity Provider on Euro TLX.] [Not Applicable] 
[Specify other for Notes listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s)] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued are not expected to be rated] [The 
Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)]  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).] [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS  
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include making 
a profit] / [] 
[Further details on Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are included in the [UniCredit 
Sustainability Bond Framework] made available on the 
Issuer’s website in the investor relations sections at []]

--- Page 169 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
169 
See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus 
[dated 10 May 2024 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]]. (If reasons for offer 
different from making profit or general corporate 
purposes (for example for a Green Bond, a Social Bond, 
or an issuance of a Sustainability Bond, will need to 
include those reasons here)) 
(b) 
Estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[     ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state amount 
and sources of other funding)  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CUSIP:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
CINS:  
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
CFI: 
[[include code]41, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
FISN: 
[[include code]40, as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
[[specify other codes] 
[ ]] 
(viii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear. and 
Clearstream Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
(ix) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
(x) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[ ] 
(xi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
[Not Applicable] 
 
41  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 170 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
170 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
(include “Not Applicable” in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers 
(specifying 
Lead 
Manager) 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(Include“TEFRA not applicable” in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes)

--- Page 171 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
171 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EU, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]42 
 
42 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. 
Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. 
• 
Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. 
• 
Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore. However, parties should consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s Notice on Business Conduct Requirements 
for Corporate Finance Advisers last revised on 21 June 2023 (as amended or modified from time to time) and the related due 
diligence requirements, and “Not Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate finance advice is given by the Manager or 
Dealer

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
172 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes in global form (respectively, the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form, the Terms and Conditions or the Conditions, and the Notes 
in Global Form or the Notes) which will be attached to each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive 
Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange, the competent authority or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to 
include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of 
Exempt Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes governed by Italian law and issued by UniCredit S.p.A. 
(UniCredit or the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
These Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below), which includes the form of the Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons referred to below. References 
herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes (Definitive Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer form. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a Fifth 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 10 May 2024 (such Fifth Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) and 
made between UniCredit and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents 
named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents).  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and 
Conditions and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market in the EEA or 
(ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) the UK in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note or to the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest coupons 
(Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments 
remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes 
in definitive form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
173 
of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean 
the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection by Noteholders upon reasonable 
request during normal business hours at the principal office for the time being of the Principal Paying Agent being 
at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and the other Paying Agents (such Agents 
being together referred to as the Agents) and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. (the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent), or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Agents or the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Agent or the Luxembourg Listing Agent, as the case may be), as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding 
one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity unless the regulations of the relevant stock exchange require 
otherwise. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or applicable 
Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive 
Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset 
Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note (each as hereinafter 
defined), or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note and a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may be an Extendible Note, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable).

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
174 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Subordinated Note or a Non-Preferred Senior Note, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise 
required by law or as otherwise required by a court of competent jurisdiction or a public official authority) 
deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, in the case of the Notes issued in NGN form, such additional or 
alternative clearing system must also be authorised to hold such Notes as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES  
This Condition 2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior and being Senior 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable 
law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior 
Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by 
law to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer present and future 
and, in the case of the Senior Notes, pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NON-PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred 
Senior and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer,

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
175 
as defined under Article 12-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the Italian Banking Act). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking junior to Senior 
Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, including claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, pari passu without 
any preference among themselves, and with all other present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of UniCredit, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking 
Act, as amended from time to time. 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES  
This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated and 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. 
Subject as set out below, Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza 
per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, 
and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time) and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of UniCredit and rank after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and 
holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of UniCredit and after all creditors of UniCredit 
holding instruments which are less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes but at least pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of UniCredit which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to 
the relevant Subordinated Notes and in priority to the claims of holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes (which 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital) and shareholders of UniCredit. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as 
Own Funds, such Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons shall rank subordinated 
and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of UniCredit, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of 
UniCredit which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or 
have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds) and senior to instruments which qualify (in 
whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by UniCredit in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise, in respect of such Subordinated Note.  
In these Conditions:

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
176 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant situation, 
the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other authority having 
primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of UniCredit or the Group and/or, as 
the context may require, the “resolution authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD 
and/or SRM Regulation. 
Relevant Regulations has the meaning attributed to that term in Condition 10.6. 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5. 
STATUS OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES  
This Condition 5 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
Additional Tier 1 and intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
A. 
Subject as set out below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons will 
constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer and depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any dated subordinated 
instruments and any instruments issued as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or guarantee in 
respect of any such instruments (other than any instrument or contractual right ranking, 
or expressed to rank, pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or any other instruments or obligations which 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(a) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, 
ordinary shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(b) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued under 
Article 2346 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any guarantee or similar 
instrument from the Issuer to any securities issued by a subsidiary, 
which securities (in the case of (b)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in the case 
of (b)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims described under 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
B. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Additional Tier 1 Capital and for so long as they qualify, in whole or part, as Tier 2 
Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes (the Reclassified AT1 Notes) shall rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with: (x) any instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer (save to the extent any such instrument ranks, or is expressed to rank, senior or junior 
to the relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); and (y) any securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 
2 Capital; 
(ii) 
senior to:

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
177 
(a)  
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, ordinary 
shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(b) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued under Article 
2346 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any guarantee or similar instrument from 
the Issuer to any securities issued by a subsidiary, 
which securities (in the case of (b)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in 
the case of (b)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims 
described under paragraph (a) and this paragraph (b) above and/or otherwise junior 
to the Reclassified AT1 Notes; and 
(c) 
any Additional Tier 1 Notes (which qualify, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 
1 Capital); 
(iii)  
subordinated and junior to (x) unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors 
and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and (z) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to the 
relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes (including any subordinated instruments that do not 
qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds but which rank, or are 
expressed to rank senior to the relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); 
 
C. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Own Funds, such Additional Tier 1 Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons shall 
rank (i) subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and 
holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of UniCredit; (ii) pari passu among 
themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments 
which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds and with all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of UniCredit which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to 
the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Own Funds) and (iii) senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own 
fund items (elementi di fondi propri), including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Reclassified AT1 
Notes (which qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital as per paragraph (B) above). 
Each holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Additional Tier 1 Note.  
In these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Relevant Regulations. 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.  
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
whether a different interest basis applies.

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
178 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), any applicable Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods (as defined below) 
or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
179 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (I) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates that would normally occur 
in one calendar year;  
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(d) 
if "Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
whenever it is necessary to compute any amount of accrued interest in respect of the Notes for 
a period of less than one full year, other than in respect of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, such interest will be calculated on the basis of the Actual number of days in the period 
and a year of 365 days; and 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest,

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
180 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating 
amounts of interest in Condition 6.1. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of 
Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(ii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 6.2(ii) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches the 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 6.2(ii); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means either (i) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified Currency 
is euro or SOFR if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollar; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2(iii), 
either:  
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency:

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
181 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly 
or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6.2(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin with 
such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to Condition 6.2(ii). 
(iii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall, subject as 
provided in Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its Mid-Market Swap Rate

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
182 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or an 
agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin 
(in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case 
of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2, Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer. 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates  
This Condition 6.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes only. The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and 
inflation linked rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes, or, as appropriate, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest (applicable to Floating Rate Notes only), the party who will calculate the amount 
of interest due if it is not the Calculation Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, 
Participation Factor and the Day Count Fraction. Where, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference 
Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls in the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
183 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified as: 
(a) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.3(a)(ii) the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis: or  
(b) 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(c) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(d) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(e) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (the T2) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which 
can be positive or negative provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA 
Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the 
selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating 
the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions,

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
184 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which:  
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SOFR and CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) below, be either the product of a 
percentage that can be equal to or higher than or lower than 100 per cent. (the Participation 
Factor) and: 
(a) 
the rate or offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate of (x) the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or (y) the Canadian Dollar offered rate (CAD-BA-CDOR), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 10:00 a.m. 
(Toronto time, in the case of CAD-BA-CDOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or 
negative, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such rates or offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
rates or offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no rate or offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
fewer than three such rates or offered quotations appears, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide its bid rate or offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question and the Issuer 
shall provide such offered quotations promptly to the Calculation Agent. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with bid rates or offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the product of the Participation Factor and the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the bid 
rates or offered quotations plus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or 
an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a bid rate or offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the product of the Participation 
Factor and the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
185 
Banks or any two or more of them (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, for Canadian Dollar 
bankers acceptances for a period of the applicable Interest Period in an amount representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto 
time), or (b) at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
bid rates or offered rates, the product of the Participation Factor and the bid rate or offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or of the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the bid rates or offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) it is quoting (a) if the Reference Rate 
is CAD-BA-CDOR, for Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances in an amount representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto 
time), or (b) to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(ii), Reference Banks means (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-
BA-CDOR, the principal Toronto office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed in Schedule I to 
the Bank Act (Canada), or (b) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal office of five leading 
banks in the Euro zone inter-bank market or (c) if any other Reference Rate is used, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five leading banks in the inter bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, 
in each case selected by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (or for each 
Interest Accrual Period, when Calculation Method is specified as Compounded SOFR with 
Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms), subject as provided below and subject to 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), will be the Compounded SOFR for such Interest 
Period (or Interest Accrual Period, as applicable) plus the Margin (if any, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), which can be positive or negative, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Rate of Interest applicable for an Interest Period will be determined on the applicable SOFR 
Interest Determination Date, provided that, if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Accrual Period will be determined on the applicable Interest Accrual Period End 
Date, provided further that, in such case the Rate of Interest for the final Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined on the Rate Cut-off Date. 
The Interest Amount for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as set 
out in Condition 6.3(f) below provided that if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
calculations shall be made in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, rather than each Interest 
Period.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
186 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(iii): 
Compounded SOFR means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with Lookback", 
with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula, with 
the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards to .00001: 
 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi-yUSBD×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFRi-yUSBD, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that is "y" (the Lookback Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
that day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as "y", 
and which shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
without the prior consent of the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
187 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that day 
"i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1").  
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period 
to, but excluding, the date that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days so specified and preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
(c) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with Payment 
Delay", with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, subject as provided below, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that 
day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S.

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
188 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Interest Accrual Period means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, from, and including, an Interest Accrual Period End Date 
(or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date) to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, such redemption date). 
Interest Accrual Period End Dates means the dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any 
earlier redemption date, such redemption date. 
Interest Payment Date means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date. 
Rate Cut-Off Date means the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For the purposes of calculating 
Compounded SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR 
for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including 
the Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date.  
(d) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR Index with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period the rate computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541 
per cent. (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654 per cent. (or .0987654) and 
9.876545 per cent. (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655 per cent. (or 
.0987655)): 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× 360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
 
where: 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(1) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the New York Fed's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR 
Determination Time); provided that: 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(i)  if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined below) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to the "SOFR Index Unavailable" provisions below; or 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR,

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
189 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two, or such other 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; and  
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd. 
 
SOFR Index Unavailable means, if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated SOFR Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined below) 
have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR means, for the 
applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a 
daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New York 
Fed's 
Website 
at 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-
information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced 
with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall 
be removed. If the daily SOFR (SOFRi) does not so appear for any day, i in the 
Observation Period, SOFRi for such day i shall be SOFR published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Fed's Website. 
 
As used in this Condition 6.3(b)(iii):  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
Each calculation of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent 
will (in absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer may appoint a different calculation agent from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without notifying the Noteholders. If a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred under 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Issuer shall then appoint a designee 
to act as calculation agent unless the Calculation Agent agrees to continue to act as 
Calculation Agent, and any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee in connection with Compounded SOFR shall be subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.4(2). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Issuer will provide notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 and the Agents, as soon as practicable prior to the first date on which the 
Calculation Agent is to cause notice of the Rate of Interest affected by such Benchmark 
Transition Event to be published in accordance with the Conditions, of any 
determination, decision or election made by the Issuer or its designee in connection 
with the Compounded SOFR, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment.

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
190 
Subject to Condition 6.4(2), in the case of Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR, 
the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent and each stock exchange or listing agent (if any) on which the Notes are 
then listed no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Business Day 
immediately following each relevant SOFR Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Accrual Period End Date or Rate Cut-Off Date, as applicable, and notice thereof to be 
promptly published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Definitions 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the SOFR Administrator. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.  
SOFR, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the New York Fed's Website at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such 
term is defined below under Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) have 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the New York Fed's Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions 
described, and as defined, below under Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) have occurred. 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); and 
SOFR Interest Determination Date for Compounded SOFR with Lookback, Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period 
Shift means the day that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula:

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
191 
Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + Margin 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(iv): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, as published on Reuters Page 
ICESWAP2, Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00 AM CET or the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question and the Issuer shall 
provide such offered quotations promptly to the Calculation Agent. If at least three of the Reference 
Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such quotation, the CMS Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest) as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Interest Determination Date less than 
three or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
specified Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the specified Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
specified Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2 shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular Designated Maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Leverage means a percentage number that can be equal to or higher than or lower than 100 per cent. as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Margin means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading 
swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London 
office of five leading swap dealers in the London interbank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York 
City inter-bank market, (iv) where the Reference Currency is Canadian Dollars, the principal Toronto 
office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), or (v) in 
the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or 
one of its affiliates; 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
192 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, for each 
Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the Final Terms, 
on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation Factor x [[Index Factor]*YoY Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, designated as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of Condition 6.3(d) shall apply as 
appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Index Factor has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index Factor is 
specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex 1 to this Base Prospectus (CPI or 
HICP) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Inflation Index (t) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
Inflation Index (t-1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls;  
Margin has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
Participation Factor has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
YoY Inflation (t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), the value 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
ቈ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡−1) −1቉ 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(b) or Condition 6.3(c) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
193 
provisions of Condition 6.3(b) or Condition 6.3(c) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.1 or this Condition 6.3, each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option 
having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or a Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding.  
Calculation Agent means the entity designated for such purpose as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
194 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
195 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (I) that 
day is the last day of February or (II) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (I) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (II) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
if applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if applicable), one of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated as if 
Linear Interpolation were not applicable.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 6.3(h) does not apply to Notes linked to SOFR.  
Subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
196 
notified to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the latest on the first London Business Day of each 
Interest Period, the Issuer and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange (or listing 
agent as the case may be) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this Condition 6.3(h), the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.3 by the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and no liability to the Issuer 
(subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement), the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.4 
Reference Rate Replacement 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes. 
(1) 
Reset Notes and Screen Rate Determination (in the latter case for Notes not linked to SOFR) 
If: (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined or, in the case of Reset Notes, Reset Reference Rate Replacement is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (ii) notwithstanding the other provisions of Condition 
6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination and the other provisions of Section 6.2(iii) for Reset Notes,  
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes (other 
than to Notes linked to SOFR): 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours:(A) to determine a Successor Reference Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate 
and an Adjustment Spread (if any), appoint an Independent Adviser to determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, and for all other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4 during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Reference Rate and the Independent Adviser is 
unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no 
later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, and for all 
other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
197 
of this Condition 6.4 during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s), as applicable). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant 
and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 6.4: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as 
applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.4); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4); 
or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.4); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(i) changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Additional Business 
Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date as the case may be. 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the 
Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(ii) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) (each of the 
changes described above a Benchmark Amendment and, together, the 
Benchmark Amendments), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, 
as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4); and 
(iv) 
following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall notify promptly 
(but in any event no later than the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date) of any changes

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
198 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 6.4(iii)(C) the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 6.4 or such 
other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 6.4(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents 
or the taking of other steps by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6.4 prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2(iii) or Condition 6.3(b), as applicable. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, if (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and (ii) notwithstanding the other 
provisions of Condition 6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination, the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this 
Conditions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection: 
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error on Noteholders and any other party; 
(2) 
will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion, as applicable; and 
(3) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Agency Agreement relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4(2): 
Benchmark means, initially, the Compounded SOFR, determined in accordance with the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Rate of Interest (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
199 
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any replacement rate, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such replacement rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its 
designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the replacement rate exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
200 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(3) 
Disapplication of Reference Rate Replacement 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4: (i) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6.4, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, Additional 
Tier 1 Capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6.4, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Competent Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant Resolution Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of Condition 6.4(1) and this Condition 6.4(3): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: (i) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (iii) if no such customary market usage

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
201 
is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its 
discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods or 
Reset Periods, as applicable, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Reference Rate or a Reset Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date on or prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, where applicable, such period of time has lapsed, 
and provided further that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes, in each case by a specific date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
202 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or other rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation 
of Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a reference rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate: (i) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate and (ii) that is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(4) 
Calculation Agent 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark, Benchmark Event, Benchmark Transition 
Event, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), if in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
6.5 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 6.5 or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 6.5, each Inflation Linked 
Interest Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any Hedging Party will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other Hedging Party);

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
203 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any due date 
for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date is relevant, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation Index, that 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such Inflation Index (the 
Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to 
the Cut-Off Date; 
Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and 
issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates 
and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, 
with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next 
longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) above is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, 
the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a 
coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond 
maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same 
basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the 
time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged); 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any other party providing 
the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as the Issuer may 
select at such time; 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
Inflation Index means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation 
Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
204 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is reported as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is published or announced, 
except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the 
Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level is reported; 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then, for any 
Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in 
the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond; and 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above; 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(iii) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level.

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
205 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Condition 6.5. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month. 
(b) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 6.5(b)(v)), a 
successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have 
been determined under Condition 6.5(b)(ii), 6.5(b)(iii) or 6.5(b)(iv); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.5(b)(i), and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
6.5(b)(i) or 6.5(b)(ii), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  
If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five responses, three 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be 
deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are received and 
two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will 
be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are 
received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 6.5(b)(iii), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
6.5(b)(iv); 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Condition 6.5(b)(i), 6.5(b)(ii) or 6.5(b)(iii) by the next occurring Cut-
Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Issuer shall 
redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes, each Inflation Linked Interest Note being redeemed or

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
206 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount.  
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Business Days 
prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days of publication, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the 
Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes as it 
determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their 
Prevailing Principal Amount, as at the date of redemption or cancellation, as 
applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
(g) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
(i) 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation 
Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not 
make any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
207 
at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular date 
or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall 
be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in 
the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to 
advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is not 
making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. 
The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to 
act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to 
the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor 
its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the Calculation Agent will 
obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from publicly available 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) 
is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of 
information concerning the Inflation Index.  
6.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 6.3 shall, 
save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to 
Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes 
and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Dual Currency Note 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference 
to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Dual Currency Interest Notes 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7. 
INTEREST AND INTEREST CANCELLATION IN RESPECT OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 
NOTES 
This Condition 7 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 6 to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 7.

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
208 
7.1 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited 
period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date.  
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) the 
prohibition to make payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment 
restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Relevant Regulations, before the Maximum 
Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer 
(excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then current 
financial year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding 
any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as 
applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Relevant 
Regulations (or, if different, any provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the 
CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s)) and the amount of any write-up (if 
applicable), would, if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the Competent 
Authority. 
As set out in Condition 8.1, if a Contingency Event occurs, accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the Write-Down Effective Date shall be cancelled. 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must be given to the Noteholders 
(in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as possible, but not 
more than 60 calendar days, prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Such notice shall specify the 
amount of the relevant cancellation. Any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. In the absence of any notice 
of cancellation being given, the fact of non-payment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Interest Amount 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be evidence of the Issuer having elected or being required to 
cancel such distributions payment in whole or in part, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the cancellation of any Interest Amounts in accordance with this 
Condition 7.1 or Condition 8.1 shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer and 
(ii) interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer 
elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and claims 
in respect of such amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor 
shall any Noteholder be entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. 
As used in these Conditions Distributable Items means, subject as otherwise defined in the Relevant Regulations 
from time to time: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer’s profits at the end of the financial year immediately preceding 
the financial year in which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of Own Funds

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
209 
instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 instruments or any such distributions which have already been provided for, by way 
of deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, profits which are non-distributable pursuant to 
applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from time to time and 
sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the by-
laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with respect to the specific category of Own 
Funds Instruments to which applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the 
Issuer relates, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the Issuer’s non-consolidated accounts. 
7.2 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is prohibited from paying interest 
on any Interest Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making 
distributions or any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, or junior to, 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 instruments). 
7.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Subject to Condition 7.1 and Condition 9, the amount of interest payable in respect of an Additional Tier 
1 Note for any period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, (in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Reset Notes) by: 
(a) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Note; 
(b) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and 
(c) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent. being rounded upwards). 
7.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 7.1, in the event that a Write-Down occurs during an Interest Period, any accrued 
and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.1(c) and the Interest Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.3(f), provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if the Interest Period 
started on, and included, the Write-Down Effective Date. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 7.1, in the event that a Write-Up occurs during an Interest Period, the Interest 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded 
upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount before such 
Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but 
excluded, the date of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-
Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, 
the date of such Write-Up).

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
210 
As used in these Conditions: 
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum distributable amount relating to the 
Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the 
CRD IV Directive and/or any other Relevant Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law transposing 
or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other Relevant Regulation(s)) if the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group is failing to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers relating to such 
requirements (including, without limitation, the maximum distributable amount (MDA) required to be 
calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum distributable amount 
related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) required to be 
calculated in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD), in each case if a corresponding payment 
restriction provision is applicable to the Issuer or the UniCredit Group (as the case may be) at that point 
in time; 
Maximum Write-Up Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3; 
Own Funds has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the Relevant 
Regulations; 
Prevailing Principal Amount in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note on any date, means the Initial 
Principal Amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one or more occasions) 
pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to time (on one or more occasions) pursuant to a 
Write-Up in each case on or prior to such date; 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations; 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations; 
Write-Down has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Down Amount has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Down Effective Date has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Up has the meaning given to such term in Conditions 8.3;  
Write-Up Notice has the meaning given to such term in Conditions 8.3; and 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument means an instrument (other than the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, any member of the UniCredit Group, 
and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the UniCredit Group that, as 
at the time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal amount lower than the 
principal amount that it was issued with due to a write-down. 
8. 
LOSS ABSORPTION AND REINSTATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
This Condition 8 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 6 to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 8. 
8.1 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falls below 5.125 per cent. (an 
Issuer Contingency Event) or the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falls 
below 5.125 per cent. (a Group Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum trigger event

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
211 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant 
Regulations (excluding any guidelines or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group (each, a Contingency Event), the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the relevant Contingency 
Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)), the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agents 
(provided that failure or delay in delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute 
a default for any purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, 
any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; 
and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent 
Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down and Written Down 
being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 8.1(c) would cure 
the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any event and any increase in 
the CET1 Ratio as a result of such cancellation shall be disregarded for the purpose of calculating the 
relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such Contingency Event.  
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by 
the Competent Authority and subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-
Down of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-
down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the 
extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of 
the amount of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments, required to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written 
Down on more than one occasion. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice means a notice which specifies that a Contingency Event has occurred, 
the Write-Down Amount (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount resulting in a pro rata decrease 
in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note), including the method of calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount, and the date on which the Write-Down will take effect (the Write-Down 
Effective Date). Any Loss Absorption Event Notice delivered to the Principal Paying Agent must be 
accompanied by a certificate signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the Contingency Event 
has occurred and setting out the method of calculation of the relevant Write-Down Amount. The Principal 
Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, nor shall it be required to review, 
check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such 
certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or 
incorrect.

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
212 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
outstanding Additional Tier 1 Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-Down Effective 
Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-
off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) 
would be sufficient to cure the Contingency Event; or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of the 
other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing 
Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency Event, or the Contingency Event is 
not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount to 
the sub-unit of the Specified Currency. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Competent Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of any such write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not prejudice the requirement to effect the Write-Down of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.1; and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not be taken into account in calculating the Write Down Amount 
in respect of such Write-Down. For the avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion 
into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into account in the calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount to the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument 
can actually be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant 
circumstances within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent Authority may require) from 
the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred.  
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down Amount, there are outstanding 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-
off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only (Full Loss Absorbing Instruments) 
then:  
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be effected pro rata 
with the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of 
any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Additional Tier 1 
Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit floor) simply by virtue of the 
fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted in full; and  
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments 
will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be 
deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each 
case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent necessary to cure the 
relevant Contingency Event; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, with the effect of increasing

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
213 
the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s, as the case may be, CET1 Ratio above the minimum 
required level under (a) above.  
8.2 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument (in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding (other than the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, 
in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the giving of such Loss Absorption Event Notice. 
8.3 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are recorded at any time while the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial Principal Amount, 
the Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when 
the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, 
in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any 
provision of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional 
Tier 1 Note (a Write-Up) up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the 
other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have terms 
permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in this Condition 8.3 in the 
circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up (based on their Initial Principal Amounts), 
provided that the sum of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated 
with the aggregate amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Income); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes that were paid on 
the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time 
after the end of the previous financial year, 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is 
lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Maximum Write-Up Amount means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Consolidated Net Income, 
the Consolidated Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
214 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the UniCredit Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital 
of the UniCredit Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or  
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Net Income, the Net Income 
multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer as at the date of the relevant 
Write-Up. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of 
the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in this 
Condition 8.3 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this Condition 8.3 until the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal 
Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments) would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 8.3 on any 
occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion 
pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.3, it shall 
deliver a notice (a Write-Up Notice) specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the 
Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and to the Principal Paying 
Agent. Such Write-Up Notice shall be given at least ten Business Days prior to the date on which the 
relevant Write-Up becomes effective.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, at any time, has the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable transitional 
provisions under the Relevant Regulations; 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio means, at any time, the ratio of the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, divided by the Risk Weighted Assets 
of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group (as applicable) at such time, calculated by the Issuer or the 
Competent Authority in accordance with the Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable 
transitional provisions under the Relevant Regulations; 
Consolidated Net Income means the consolidated net income of the UniCredit Group, as calculated and 
set out in the most recent published audited annual consolidated accounts of the UniCredit Group, as 
approved by the Issuer; 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
(other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
215 
write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of 
the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the 
Issuer falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the 
Relevant Regulations applicable to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
or a Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on 
a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the principal amount of such instrument (in 
each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of 
the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling below a level that is 
equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
UniCredit Group, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or 
with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) 
satisfied; 
Group Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Initial Principal Amount means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note, or as the case may be, a 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note or 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as at the Issue Date or the issue date of the Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as applicable; 
Issuer Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument and/or a Prior Loss Absorbing 
Instrument, as applicable. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Net Income means the non-consolidated net income of the Issuer as calculated and set out in the last 
audited annual accounts of the Issuer, as approved by the Issuer; 
Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares of the Issuer; 
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means; 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or 
temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such instrument 
(in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below a level that is higher than 
5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
216 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time: (i) any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
or any Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether 
on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the principal amount of such instrument 
(in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling below a level that is 
higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
UniCredit Group; and (ii) any instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included 
in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and irrespective of 
whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by any Group Entity which contains 
provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) or conversion of the principal amount of such 
instrument on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of that 
Group Entity, or of a group within the prudential consolidation of such Group Entity pursuant 
to Chapter 2 of Title II of Part One of the CRD IV Regulation other than the UniCredit Group, 
falling below the level specified in such instrument at the date on which the relevant Group 
Contingency Event first occurred, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or 
with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) 
satisfied; 
Relevant Net Income means the lowest of the Net Income and the Consolidated Net Income; 
Risk Weighted Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk weighted assets of the Issuer 
or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable transitional provisions under the Relevant 
Regulations. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
9.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
9.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11, and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
217 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9.3 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 9.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save 
as provided in Condition 9.5) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 11 in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 12) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on 
issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
9.4 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note by the Principal Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
9.5 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final instalment, 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 9.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
218 
Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 9.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note 
to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof.   
9.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 9.6, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
9.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 12) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms (if 
any); and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
219 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
9.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 11; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 10.8); 
and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 11. 
Any reference in these Conditions to payment of any sums in respect of the Notes (including, in respect 
of Index Linked Notes and other structured Notes) shall be deemed to include, as applicable, delivery of 
any relevant Reference Asset (as defined in Condition 10.14 if so provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and references to “paid” and “payable” shall be construed accordingly. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Redemption at maturity 
This Condition 10.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (i) at 
par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency or (ii) at its Final Redemption Amount, in case of Exempt Notes, which is such 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency. 
10.2 
No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 10.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Additional 
Tier 1 Notes.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be redeemed otherwise than in accordance with this Condition 10.2. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will mature on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer, (b) 
any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-laws at 
31 December 2100), or (c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
220 
administrative authority. Upon maturity, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become due and payable at an 
amount equal to their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to the 
extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.1) up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, 
and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11. 
10.3 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 10.8, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the provisions of Condition 10.16 and, in the case 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 10.17) in whole or in 
part (to the extent permitted by the then applicable Relevant Regulations), at any time (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Tax Event has occurred provided that no such notice 
of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified 
office to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the 
said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.8 or, in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Tax Event means: 
(a) In the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes only, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for the Tax Jurisdiction purposes is reduced, or the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to the laws, regulations or rulings of, or 
applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11 (Taxation)), or any political subdivision 
or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation or administration of such laws, regulations or rulings: 
(i) which change or amendment: 
(A) 
becomes effective after the Issue Date; 
(B) 
in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent required by the then applicable 
Relevant Regulations, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date; 
(C) 
is evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that interest payable by the 
Issuer in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is no longer, or will no longer be, 
deductible for income tax purposes of the Tax Jurisdiction or such deductibility is 
materially reduced, or that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts, as the case may be, and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail; and

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
221 
(ii) which obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
(b) in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes (i) on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
11, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or 
applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11) or any political subdivision of, or any 
authority in, or of, a Tax Jurisdiction having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case 
of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, if and to the extent then required under the then applicable Relevant Regulations, any 
such change or amendment is, to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority, material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes; and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 10.3 are provided, nor shall it be 
required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are 
inaccurate or incorrect.  
10.4 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 10.4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 10.16), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note 
or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if (a) a Regulatory Event occurs in respect of the Subordinated Notes, or (b) a 
Capital Event occurs in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.4, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts 
leading thereto. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 10.4 are provided, nor shall it be 
required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications are 
inaccurate or incorrect.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.4, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.4. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.8, or in the case of 
the Additional Tier 1, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions: 
A Capital Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
222 
exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Additional 
Tier 1 Capital of the UniCredit Group or the Issuer (other than as of a consequence of write-down or 
conversion, where applicable) and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant 
Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes; and 
A Regulatory Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Tier 2 Capital 
of the UniCredit Group or the Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by 
the Relevant Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. 
10.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 10.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for a Clean-Up Redemption Option as described in Condition 10.7, for 
taxation reasons as described in Condition 10.3, for regulatory reasons as described in Condition 10.4 or 
for the occurrance of a MREL Disqualification Event as described in Condition 10.6), such option being 
referred to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Issuer Call 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10.5 for full information on any Issuer Call. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, the provisions of Condition 10.16 and, in 
the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 10.17), having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer at the time) 
equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin,

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
223 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption 
Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Issuer (or 
an agent appointed by the Issuer), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10.5 by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer at the time), shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
224 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.5 and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) at least five days prior 
to the Selection Date. 
10.6 
Issuer Call Due to MREL Disqualification Event  
This Condition 10.6 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then any Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 10.17) on or after the date specified in a notice published on the Issuer’s website be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating 
Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest 
Note) on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.6, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.8 together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions:  
Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or independent 
of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the 
relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group 
Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution 
regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other 
person;  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;  
CRD IV means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRD IV Regulation, and (iii) the Future 
Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 
26, 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Regulation);

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
225 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD V Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations introduced 
after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer (on a 
solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds 
of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the extent required by (i) the CRD IV Regulation or (ii) the 
CRD IV Directive; 
Group and UniCredit Group means the UniCredit Banking Group, registered with the Register of 
Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Italian Banking Act, under number 
02008.1; 
Group Entity means UniCredit or any legal person that is part of the UniCredit Group; 
MREL Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Series of Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available 
to meet the MREL Requirements, provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being 
less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being 
insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable 
general requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) 
the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL 
Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a 
purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification 
Event; 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including any 
applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or 
the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, 
supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European 
Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority;

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
226 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
10.7 
Clean-Up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
This Condition 10.7 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for an Issuer Call as described in Condition 10.5, for taxation reasons as 
described in Condition 10.3, for regulatory reasons as described in Condition 10.4 or for the occurrance 
of a MREL Disqualification Event as described in Condition 10.6), such option being referred to as 
Clean-Up Redemption Option. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Clean-
Up Redemption Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10.7 for full information on 
any Clean-Up Redemption Option. In particular, if the Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the Clean-Up Call Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming 
a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may (subject to, in the case of Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, the provisions of Condition 10.16 and, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 10.17) at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an 
Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note), or on any Interest Payment Date (if the 
Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), at 
its option, and having given to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 calendar days’ notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up redemption amount as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (Clean-Up Redemption Amount) or, in the case of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
10.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call Due to MREL Disqualification 
Event) and Condition 13 (Events of Default), the Early Redemption Amount shall be set: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
nominal amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
227 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360- day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
10.9 
Extendible Notes 
Notes may be issued with an initial maturity date (the Initial Maturity Date) which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the Noteholders on specified dates (each, an Election Date) up to 
a final maturity date (the Final Maturity Date) as set forth in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement if applicable) (Extendible Notes). To make an election effective on any Election Date, the 
Noteholder must deliver a notice of election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Notice of Election), during the Notice Period for that Election 
Date specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable) in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). Any Notice of Election so given by a Noteholder pursuant to this Condition 10.9 will be 
irrevocable and binding upon that Noteholder. The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable) 
relating to each issue of Extendible Notes will specify the Initial Maturity Date, the Final Maturity Date, 
the Election Date(s) and the applicable Notice Period. 
10.10 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 10.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on 
an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 10 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
10.11 
Purchases  
Subject to Condition 10.17 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 10.16 in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer or any 
subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith), including for market 
making purposes, at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders 
must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of 
the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
10.12 
Cancellation  
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
228 
cancelled and the Notes purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer and surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation pursuant to Condition 10.11 (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
10.13 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 10.1, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 or 10.6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 13 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 10.8(a) as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
10.14 
Index Linked Notes and other Structured Notes 
The Issuer may, as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be entitled to redeem Index Linked 
Notes or other structured Notes, including where the amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes is based on the price, value, performance or some other factor relating to an asset or other 
property (Reference Asset), by physical delivery of all or part of the Reference Asset or of some other 
asset or property (Physically-Settled Notes). 
10.15 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to Article 
1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
10.16 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.7 or 10.11 or Condition 18 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 18) is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes 
(in each case subject to and in accordance with the then Relevant Regulations, including Articles 
77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either:  
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such 
time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRD IV Regulation or the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014:

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
229 
(i) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes or 
a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or 
(iii) on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that action on 
the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv)  the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Relevant Regulations.  
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes 
or Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from 
time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by 
the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
instruments or the Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters 
(i) or (ii) of subparagraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
If the Issuer has elected to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Conditions 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 
or 10.7 and prior to the relevant redemption date a Contingency Event occurs, the relevant redemption 
notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, the Prevailing Principal 
Amount of the Notes will not be due and payable and a Write-Down shall occur as described under 
Condition 8. 
The Issuer shall not give a redemption notice pursuant to Conditions 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 or 10.7 in the period 
following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice and prior to the relevant Write Down Effective 
Date. 
10.17 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Any redemption or purchase in accordance with Condition 10.2, 10.5, 10.6, 10.7 or 10.11 or Condition 
18 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 
18) of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments 
according to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant time, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRD IV Regulation, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b)  the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Relevant

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
230 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent 
Authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Relevant Regulations for continuing 
authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to time 
under the Relevant Regulations. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments of interest (including any Arrear of Interest and Default Interest) in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that: 
(a) 
(in respect of payments by the Issuer) no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note, Receipt or Coupon for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable 
rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) 
or any related implementing regulations; and 
(b) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid 
such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming 
such day to have been a Payment Day as defined in Condition 9.7); or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(v) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in the event of 
payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest is paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
authorities; or

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
231 
(vi) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996, as amended, have not been met or complied with, except 
where such requirements and procedures have not been met or complied with 
due to the actions or omissions of UniCredit or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes that are not qualified as bonds or similar securities where 
such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983, as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time 
to time; or 
(viii) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(ix) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(a) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of interest on the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons; and 
(b) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under this Condition 11 or under any obligation 
undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 11) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 12 or Condition 9.3 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 9.3. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
13.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 13.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
With respect to any Senior Note or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the Issuer shall become subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Banking Act (the Event of Default for the 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), then any holder of a Senior Note or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Senior Notes or

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
232 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if 
any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. No 
Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall occur other than in the 
context of an insolvency proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for any purpose). 
13.2 
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 13.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
With respect to any Subordinated Note and Additional Tier 1 Note, if the Issuer shall become subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Banking Act (the Event of Default for the 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes), then any holder of a Subordinated Note or 
Additional Tier 1 Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Subordinated 
Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same 
shall become forthwith due and payable as its Early Redemption Amount or, in the case of Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with accrued interest (in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the extent that such interest is not cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions) (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of 
any kind. No Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes shall occur other 
than in the context of an insolvency proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not 
constitute an Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes for any purpose). 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent), having a 
specified office in a Member State of the European Union other than the jurisdiction in which 
the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Notes) with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, 
the competent authority or other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 9.6. Except as provided in the Agency Agreement, any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices).

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
233 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any fiduciary duties or obligation towards, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
16. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 12. 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (if and for so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for so long as the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require) either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Issuer has made application for the Notes to be listed or admitted 
to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for publication as provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes, and (if and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. In addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on any other stock exchange (where the Issuer has made application) or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority (on which the Issuer has made application) and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published as may be 
required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes 
on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
18. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings, including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform, of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
234 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency Agreement (including (i) modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes (in case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, 
except as provided by the Conditions), or (iii) altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts 
or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders.  
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the relevant 
provisions for meetings of Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreement (the Provisions for Meetings 
of Noteholders) which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The Noteholders are deemed to 
have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for 
Meetings of Noteholders. 
The Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement, or determine, without any such consent as 
aforesaid, that any Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
any Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, or 
potential Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or potential 
Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, shall 
not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory Event 
occurs, (iii) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, if at any time a Capital Event or an Alignment Event 
occurs, (iv) in the case of all Notes, if at any time a Tax Event occurs; or (v) in the case of all Notes, in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, then the Issuer may (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series), and having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Paying Agent and the holders of the Notes of 
that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable, except that, if a Contingency Event occurs in respect of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the relevant notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force 
and effect and a Write-Down shall occur as described under Condition 8), at any time vary the terms of 
such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as 
applicable, provided that Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, shall not, immediately 
following such variation, be subject to a Capital Event, a MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Senior Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes), a Regulatory Event and/or a Tax Event, as applicable. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
235 
Alignment Event will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or amendment to the 
Relevant Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer would be able 
to issue a capital instrument qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital that contains one or more provisions 
that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained in 
these Conditions. 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and they shall also 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements 
for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the date of variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings 
as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless 
any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or 
the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately prior to such 
variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by 
the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) comply with 
the then-current requirements of the Relevant Regulations in relation to Tier 2 Capital, (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of 
variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade 
is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
236 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.  
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a Holder of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer) than the terms of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, and they shall also (A) contain 
terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the Relevant 
Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group (as 
applicable); (B) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes; (C) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest (which has not been cancelled) in respect of 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of 
variation (but subject always to the right or obligation of the Issuer subsequently to cancel any 
such accrued interest in accordance with the terms of the Notes); and (F) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes by credit agencies 
solicited by the Issuer immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Additional Tier 1 Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any variations of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
the Benchmark Amendments or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 18 is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10.16 (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and 
Condition 10.17 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Terms and Conditions and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of Milan are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them), and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them) may be brought in such courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
237 
brought in an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall 
be conclusive and binding upon each party and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.  
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
20.3 
Waiver of trial by jury 
Without prejudice to Condition 20.2, each party waives any right it may have to a jury trial of any claim 
or cause of action in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons. 
These Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
20.4 
Non-exclusivity 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) 
limit the right of any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
21. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF STATUTORY BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the potential write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or distributions on, the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the conversion of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes into Ordinary Shares or other obligations in connection with the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Competent Authority is separate and distinct from a Write-Down following a Contingency Event 
although these events may occur consecutively. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 21.  
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or an Event of 
Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, and the Terms and 
Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to 
reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant 
Member State.  
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
238 
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes in dematerialised form 
(respectively, the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, the Terms and Conditions or the 
Conditions, and the Dematerialised Notes or the Notes). The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and 
Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
complete these Terms and Conditions. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to 
include a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of 
Exempt Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean 
the beneficial owners of Dematerialised Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Euronext Securities Milan 
(former Monte Titoli S.p.A.) with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 
Milan, Italy (Monte Titoli) pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the Financial Services Act) and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined 
Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the CONSOB 
and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation). No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) are 
intermediaries authorised to operate through Monte Titoli. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes governed by Italian law and issued by UniCredit S.p.A. 
(UniCredit or the Issuer). The Issuer will also act as initial paying agent for the Notes (the Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes), save that the Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent for the Dematerialised 
Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Agents).  
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions of Monte 
Titoli, by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders 
whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be.  
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) which complete these Terms and Conditions and, in the case of a Note 
which is neither admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt 
Note), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable 
Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) or to 
the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof). The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
239 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). If 
this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding 
one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes as to its holding of such Notes and identity unless the regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange require otherwise. 
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with relevant provisions for 
meetings of Noteholders attached to and deemed to form part of these Conditions (the Provisions for Meetings 
of Noteholders). The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, 
inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their 
respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or transferred by 
way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified 
Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset 
Note, an Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a CMS Linked Interest Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, 
a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note (each as hereinafter 
defined), or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note and a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may be an Extendible Note, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable). 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Subordinated Note or a Non-Preferred Senior Note, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
References to the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be to the records for which 
Monte Titoli acts as depository. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES  
This Condition 2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior and being Senior 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Non-Preferred Senior Notes).

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
240 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
ranking (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Notes 
following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer present and future and, in the case of the Senior Notes, 
pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NON-PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES 
This Condition 3 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred 
Senior and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, 
as defined under Article 12-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the Italian Banking Act). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, and unsecured and 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior 
to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, pari passu without any preference among themselves, and 
with all other present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes and in priority to any 
subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of UniCredit, pursuant to Article 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as amended from time to time. 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES  
This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated and 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. 
Subject as set out below, Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza 
per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, 
and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of UniCredit and rank after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of UniCredit and after all creditors of UniCredit holding instruments which are less 
subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes but at least pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of UniCredit which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes and in 
priority to the claims of holders of Additional Tier 1 Notes (which qualify, in whole or in part, as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital) and shareholders of UniCredit.  
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as 
Own Funds, such Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of 
UniCredit, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
241 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds 
and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of UniCredit which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as Own Funds) and senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by UniCredit in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction or otherwise, in respect of such Subordinated Note.  
In these Conditions: 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant situation, 
the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other authority having 
primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of UniCredit or the Group and/or, as 
the context may require, the “resolution authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under BRRD 
and/or SRM Regulation. 
Relevant Regulations has the meaning attributed to that term in Condition 10.6. 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5. 
STATUS OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 NOTES  
This Condition 5 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
Additional Tier 1 and intended to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
A. 
Subject as set out below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to all indebtedness of the Issuer, including unsubordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer and depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any dated subordinated 
instruments and any instruments issued as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or guarantee in 
respect of any such instruments (other than any instrument or contractual right ranking, 
or expressed to rank, pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments or any other instruments or obligations which 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to: 
(a) 
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, 
ordinary shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(b) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued under 
Article 2346 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any guarantee or similar 
instrument from the Issuer to any securities issued by a subsidiary,

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
242 
which securities (in the case of (b)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in the case 
of (b)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims described under 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above and/or otherwise junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
B. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Additional Tier 1 Capital and for so long as they qualify, in whole or part, as Tier 2 
Capital, such Additional Tier 1 Notes (the Reclassified AT1 Notes) shall rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with: (x) any instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer (save to the extent any such instrument ranks, or is expressed to rank, senior or junior 
to the relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); and (y) any securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with instruments qualified in whole or in part as Tier 
2 Capital; 
(ii) 
senior to: 
(a)  
the share capital of the Issuer, including, if any, its azioni privilegiate, ordinary 
shares and azioni di risparmio; 
(b) 
(i) any securities of the Issuer (including strumenti finanziari issued under Article 
2346 of the Italian Civil Code); and (ii) any guarantee or similar instrument from 
the Issuer to any securities issued by a subsidiary, 
which securities (in the case of (b)(i) above) or guarantee or similar instrument (in 
the case of (b)(ii) above) rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the claims 
described under paragraph (a) and this paragraph (b) above and/or otherwise junior 
to the Reclassified AT1 Notes; and 
(c) 
any Additional Tier 1 Notes (which qualify, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 
1 Capital); 
(iii)  
subordinated and junior to (x) unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors 
and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and (z) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to the 
relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes (including any subordinated instruments that do not 
qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds but which rank, or are 
expressed to rank senior to the relevant Reclassified AT1 Notes); 
 
C. 
In the event the Additional Tier 1 Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Own Funds, such Additional Tier 1 Notes shall rank (i) subordinated and junior to 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) of UniCredit; (ii) pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased 
to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds and with all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of UniCredit which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Additional 
Tier 1 Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds) 
and (iii) senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi di 
fondi propri), including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Reclassified AT1 Notes (which qualify, 
in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital as per paragraph (B) above). 
Each holder of an Additional Tier 1 Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction or otherwise in respect of such Additional Tier 1 Note.

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
243 
In these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Relevant Regulations. 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
whether a different interest basis applies.  
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date(s), the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), any applicable Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any 
applicable Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date(s) at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for all Interest Periods (as defined below) or (ii) as a 
different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Interest Periods. 
Except in the case of Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes (or, if they are Partly 
Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) and, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall apply 
to the Notes. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Interest Payment Date shall be 
the earlier of (i) the Optional Redemption Date, provided that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.5; and (ii) the Maturity Date, (A) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify only one Rate of Interest, the relevant interest period shall start from the Interest Commencement 
Date and shall end on such Interest Payment Date (excluded) and no interest shall be paid by the Issuer 
before such Interest Payment Date; (B) if the applicable Final Terms specify the Rate of Interest as 
different Rates of Interest for each interest period, each interest period shall start from the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date and shall end on the next Interest Commencement Date (excluded) or the Interest 
Payment Date (excluded), and interest accrued during each interest period shall be paid by the Issuer on

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
244 
the Interest Payment Date (the Cumulative Coupon) and no interest shall be paid before such date. In 
addition, if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Interest Payment Dates shall be the earlier of (i) 
the Optional Redemption Date, provided that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 10.5; and (ii) multiple dates specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms shall specify the Rate of Interest as different Rates of Interest for each interest 
period, and each interest period shall start from the relevant Interest Commencement Date and shall end 
on the next Interest Commencement Date (excluded) or the Interest Payment Dates (excluded), and 
interest accrued during each interest period shall be paid by the Issuer on the specified Interest Payment 
Dates (the Multiple Cumulative Coupons) and no interest shall be paid except for payments on such 
Interest Payment Dates. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Multiple Cumulative Coupons interests 
paid on previous Multiple Cumulative Coupon(s) will not be computed for the subsequent Multiple 
Cumulative Coupon(s). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (I) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates that would normally occur 
in one calendar year;  
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the relevant Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (or, in case of Cumulative 
Coupon or Multiple Cumulative Coupons, the next Interest Commencement Date or the relevant 
Interest Payment Date) (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(d) 
if "Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
whenever it is necessary to compute any amount of accrued interest in respect of the Notes for 
a period of less than one full year, other than in respect of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, such interest will be calculated on the basis of the Actual number of days in the period 
and a year of 365 days; and

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
245 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating 
amounts of interest in Condition 6.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be 
deemed to be less than zero. 
(ii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 6.2(ii) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches the 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
246 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin with such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 6.2(ii); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means either (i) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the Specified Currency 
is euro or SOFR if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollar; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2(iii), 
either:  
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly 
or monthly;

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
247 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 6.2(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin with 
such sum converted (if necessary), in accordance with and subject to Condition 6.2(ii). 
(iii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall, subject as 
provided in Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or an 
agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin 
(in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case 
of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2, Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
248 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates  
This Condition 6.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes only. The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and 
inflation linked rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information 
on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes, or, as appropriate, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest (applicable to Floating Rate Notes only), the party who will calculate the amount 
of interest due if it is not the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Calculation Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates, Participation Factor and the 
Day Count Fraction. Where, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, ISDA Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(iv) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(v) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls in the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified as: 
(c) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.3(a)(ii) the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis: or  
(d) 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(e) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(f) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
249 
(g) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (the T2) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which 
can be positive or negative provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA 
Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the 
selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating 
the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SOFR and CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) below, be either the product of a

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
250 
percentage that can be equal to or higher than or lower than 100 per cent. (the Participation 
Factor) and: 
(A) 
the rate or offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (x) of the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or (y) the Canadian Dollar offered rate (CAD-BA-CDOR), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 10:00 a.m. 
(Toronto time, in the case of CAD-BA-CDOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or 
negative, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such rates or offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
rates or offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if no rate or offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of fewer than three such rates or offered quotations appears, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks 
(as defined below) to provide its bid rate or offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question and the Issuer shall provide such offered quotations promptly 
to the Calculation Agent. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) with bid rates or offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the product of the Participation Factor and the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the bid rates or 
offered quotations plus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a bid rate or offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the product 
of the Participation Factor and the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them (a) if the Reference 
Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, for Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances for a period of the applicable 
Interest Period in an amount representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time), or (b) at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or 
negative or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed 
by the Issuer) with bid rates or offered rates, the product of the Participation Factor and the bid 
rate or offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or of the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the bid rates or offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) it is quoting (a) if the Reference Rate is CAD-BA-CDOR, for Canadian 
Dollar bankers acceptances in an amount representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time), or (b) to

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
251 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), which can be positive or negative, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(ii), Reference Banks means (a) if the Reference Rate 
is CAD-BA-CDOR, the principal Toronto office of four major Canadian chartered banks listed 
in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), or (b) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
office of five leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank market  or (c) if any other Reference 
Rate is used, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading banks in the inter 
bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period (or for each 
Interest Accrual Period, when Calculation Method is specified as Compounded SOFR with 
Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms), subject as provided below and subject to 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), will be the Compounded SOFR for such Interest 
Period (or Interest Accrual Period, as applicable) plus the Margin (if any, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), which can be positive or negative, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
The Rate of Interest applicable for an Interest Period will be determined on the applicable SOFR 
Interest Determination Date, provided that, if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Accrual Period will be determined on the applicable Interest Accrual Period End 
Date, provided further that, in such case the Rate of Interest for the final Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined on the Rate Cut-off Date. 
The Interest Amount for each Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as set 
out in Condition 6.3(f) below provided that if the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
calculations shall be made in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, rather than each Interest 
Period. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(iii): 
Compounded SOFR means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Lookback", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001:

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
252 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi-yUSBD×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFRi-yUSBD, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that is "y" (the Lookback Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
that day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and represented in the formula above as "y", 
and which shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
without the prior consent of the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period, subject as provided below, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
d0, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that day 
"i"; and

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
253 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1").  
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period 
to, but excluding, the date that is the same number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days so specified and preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
(C) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR with Payment 
Delay", with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, subject as provided below, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to .00001: 
቎ෑ൬1+ SOFRi×ni
360
൰-1
d0
i = 1
቏× 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
d0, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
SOFRi, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined below) in respect of that 
day "i"; and 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
Interest Accrual Period means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, from, and including, an Interest Accrual Period End Date 
(or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date) to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, such redemption date). 
Interest Accrual Period End Dates means the dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any 
earlier redemption date, such redemption date. 
Interest Payment Date means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
254 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem Notes on any earlier 
redemption date, the redemption date. 
Rate Cut-Off Date means the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For the purposes of calculating 
Compounded SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR 
for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including 
the Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date.  
(D) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded SOFR Index with 
Observation Period Shift", with respect to an Interest Period the rate computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541 
per cent. (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654 per cent. (or .0987654) and 
9.876545 per cent. (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655 per cent. (or 
.0987655)): 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× 360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
 
where: 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(1) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the New York Fed's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR 
Determination Time); provided that: 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(i)  if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined below) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to the "SOFR Index Unavailable" provisions below; or 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two, or such other 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period; and  
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd.

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
255 
SOFR Index Unavailable means, if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated SOFR Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined below) 
have not occurred with respect to SOFR, Compounded SOFR means, for the 
applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a 
daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New York 
Fed's 
Website 
at 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-
information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced 
with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall 
be removed. If the daily SOFR (SOFRi) does not so appear for any day, i in the 
Observation Period, SOFRi for such day i shall be SOFR published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the New York Fed's Website. 
 
As used in this Condition 6.3(b)(iii):  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
Each calculation of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent 
will (in absence of manifest error) be final and binding on Monte Titoli, the Noteholders 
and the Issuer.  
The Issuer may appoint a different calculation agent from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without notifying the Noteholders. If a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred under 
Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Issuer shall then appoint a designee 
to act as calculation agent unless the Calculation Agent agrees to continue to act as 
Calculation Agent, and any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee in connection with Compounded SOFR shall be subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.4(2). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Issuer will provide notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, as soon as 
practicable prior to the first date on which the Calculation Agent is to cause notice of 
the Rate of Interest affected by such Benchmark Transition Event to be published in 
accordance with the Conditions, of any determination, decision or election made by the 
Issuer or its designee in connection with the Compounded SOFR, including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment. 
Subject to Condition 6.4(2), in the case of Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR, 
the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and each stock exchange or listing agent (if 
any) on which the Notes are then listed no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, 
on the Business Day immediately following each relevant SOFR Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Accrual Period End Date or Rate Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable, and notice thereof to be promptly published in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
Definitions 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator currently at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the SOFR Administrator.

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
256 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.  
SOFR, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the New York Fed's Website at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such 
term is defined below under Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) have 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the New York Fed's Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions 
described, and as defined, below under Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) have occurred. 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); and 
SOFR Interest Determination Date for Compounded SOFR with Lookback, Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift and Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period 
Shift means the day that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + Margin 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(iv): 
CMS Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, as published on Reuters 
Page ICESWAP2, Euribor basis, fixed at 11:00 AM CET or the Relevant Screen Page on the 
relevant Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its quotation

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
257 
for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question and the Issuer shall provide such offered quotations promptly to the Calculation 
Agent. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer)with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such quotations 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
specified Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the specified Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the specified Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2 shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular Designated Maturity 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Leverage means a percentage number that can be equal to or higher than or lower than 100 per 
cent. as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Margin means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London interbank market, (iii) where 
the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five 
leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, (iv) where the Reference 
Currency is Canadian Dollars, the principal Toronto office of four major Canadian chartered 
banks listed in Schedule I to the Bank Act (Canada), or (v) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or one of its 
affiliates; 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination and "Inverse Floating Rate Notes" are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject 
to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the Final Terms, 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
258 
Participation Factor x (Inverse Fixed Rate – Reference Rate) +/- Margin 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Inverse Fixed Rate has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, which may be 
determined (A) by reference to one specified rate or (B) by the Calculation Agent on a formula 
basis as provided in these Conditions. 
In particular the relevant Reference Rate shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
determined and calculated as provided in Condition 6.3(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR and CMS Linked 
Interest Notes)), Condition 6.3(b)(iii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SOFR) or Condition 6.3(b)(iv) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes), as applicable, and in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of applying Condition 6.3(b)(ii) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which reference SOFR 
and CMS Linked Interest Notes)), Condition 6.3(b)(iii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes which reference SOFR) or Condition 6.3(b)(iv) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes), as applicable, any reference therein 
to the Rate of Interest shall be construed as a reference to the Reference Rate and any reference 
therein to the Participation Factor and/or to the Margin shall be deemed as not applicable. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, for each 
Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the Final Terms, 
on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation Factor x [[Index Factor]*YoY Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, designated as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of Condition 6.3(d) shall apply as 
appropriate. 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Index Factor has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index Factor is 
specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
Inflation Index means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex 1 to this Base Prospectus (CPI or 
HICP) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
259 
Inflation Index (t) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
Inflation Index (t-1) means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year 
preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls;  
Margin has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
Participation Factor has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
YoY Inflation (t) means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), the value 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
ቈ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡−1) −1቉ 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(b) or Condition 6.3(c) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6.3(b) or Condition 6.3(c) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6.1 or this Condition 6.3, each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option 
having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
260 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as appropriate, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Calculation Agent means the Issuer or such other entity designated for such purpose as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
261 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)+[30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (I) that 
day is the last day of February or (II) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (I) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (II) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
if applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if applicable), one of which shall be determined as

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
262 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated as if 
Linear Interpolation were not applicable.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 6.3(h) does not apply to Notes linked to SOFR.  
Subject to Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Issuer and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed at the latest (i) on the 
first Milan Business Day of each Interest Period; or (ii) two Milan Business Days prior to the first day of 
each Interest Period in the case of Notes to be admitted to be listed on the MOT or on Euro TLX and to 
be traded on an ex coupon basis (corso secco); or (iii) three Milan Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date in the case of Notes to be admitted to be listed on the MOT or on Euro TLX and 
to be traded on a cum-coupon basis (tel quel), and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Milan Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(h), the expression 
Milan Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in Milan. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.3 by the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent 
for the Dematerialised Notes and all Noteholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes or 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.4 
Reference Rate Replacement 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes. 
(1) 
Reset Notes and Screen Rate Determination (in the latter case for Notes not linked to SOFR) 
If: (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined or, in the case of Reset Notes, Reset Reference Rate Replacement is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (ii) notwithstanding the other provisions of Condition 
6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination and the other provisions of Section 6.2(iii) for Reset Notes,  
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes (other 
than to Notes linked to SOFR):

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
263 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours:(A) to determine a Successor Reference Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any); or (B) if the Issuer cannot determine a Successor Reference Rate 
and an Adjustment Spread (if any), appoint an Independent Adviser to determine an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest 
Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset 
Period, as applicable, and for all other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4 during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Reference Rate and the Independent Adviser is 
unable to determine an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) no 
later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be, relating to the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable (the 
Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, and for all 
other future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6.4 during any other future Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s), as applicable). 
Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant 
and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt 
capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in accordance 
with this Condition 6.4: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
replace the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as 
applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.4); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(I) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.4); 
or 
(II) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, as applicable (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6.4); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify: 
(i) changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), including, but not limited to (1) any Additional Business

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
264 
Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date as the case may be. 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the 
Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(ii) any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper 
operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) (each of the 
changes described above a Benchmark Amendment and, together, the 
Benchmark Amendments), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods or Reset Periods, 
as applicable (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4); and 
(iv) 
following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall notify promptly 
(but in any event no later than the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date) of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 6.4(iii)(C) the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) as described in this Condition 6.4 or such 
other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 6.4(iii)(C), including for the execution of any documents 
or the taking of other steps by the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6.4 prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-
off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2(iii) or Condition 6.3(b), as applicable. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, if (i) Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined; and (ii) notwithstanding the other 
provisions of Condition 6.3 with respect to Screen Rate Determination, the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this 
Conditions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection: 
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error on Noteholders and any other party; 
(2) 
will be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion, as applicable; and 
(3) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the Noteholders or any other party.

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
265 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4(2): 
Benchmark means, initially, the Compounded SOFR, determined in accordance with the Calculation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Rate of Interest (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any replacement rate, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such replacement rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its 
designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the replacement rate exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
266 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(3) 
Disapplication of Reference Rate Replacement 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4: (i) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6.4, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and (C) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, Additional 
Tier 1 Capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
267 
Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other relevant rate substituting the Original Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 6.4, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Competent Authority or, if applicable, the Relevant Resolution Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of Condition 6.4(1) and this Condition 6.4(3): 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: (i) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) in the case of a Successor 
Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or (iii) if no such customary market usage 
is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its 
discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of notes 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods or 
Reset Periods, as applicable, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Reference Rate or a Reset Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date on or prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has 
ceased or will, within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, where applicable, such period of time has lapsed,

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
268 
and provided further that, at the time of cessation, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of 
the Notes, in each case by a specific date on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or other rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation 
of Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement). 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a reference rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which such reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate: (i) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate and (ii) that is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(4) 
Calculation Agent 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark, Benchmark Event, Benchmark Transition 
Event, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser, as the case may be, and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction 
of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement) and unless the 
Issuer acts as Calculation Agent, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate Replacement), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing 
as to which course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
269 
6.5 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 6.5 or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this Condition 6.5, each Inflation Linked 
Interest Note will bear interest in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Interest Notes:  
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or 
(b) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any Hedging Party will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates or any other Hedging Party); 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any due date 
for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date is relevant, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation Index, that 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such Inflation Index (the 
Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to 
the Cut-Off Date; 
Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and 
issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates 
and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, 
with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next 
longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) above is selected by the Calculation 
Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, 
the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a 
coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond 
maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same 
basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the 
time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged);

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
270 
Hedging Disruption means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Hedging Party means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its Affiliates or any other party providing 
the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as the Issuer may 
select at such time; 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging; 
Inflation Index means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
Inflation Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation 
Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is reported as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is published or announced, 
except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the 
Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level is reported; 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then, for any 
Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in 
the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond; and 
Relevant Level has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above; 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index 
Level Event (the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(i) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond;

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
271 
(ii) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); or 
(iii) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the 
Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this Condition 6.5. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will be the definitive level for that 
Reference Month. 
(b) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the Successor Inflation Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes by using the following 
methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 6.5(b)(v)), a 
successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have 
been determined under Condition 6.5(b)(ii), 6.5(b)(iii) or 6.5(b)(iv); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to 
Condition 6.5(b)(i), and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
272 
index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation 
Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
6.5(b)(i) or 6.5(b)(ii), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  
If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five responses, three 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be 
deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are received and 
two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will 
be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three responses are 
received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 6.5(b)(iii) above, the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
6.5(b)(iv); 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Condition 6.5(b)(i), 6.5(b)(ii) or 6.5(b)(iii) by the next occurring Cut-
Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Issuer shall 
redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes, each Inflation Linked Interest Note being redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount.  
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(c) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(d) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(e) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Business Days 
prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days of publication, the

--- Page 273 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
273 
Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the 
Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes as it 
determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such 
adjustments in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount or, in 
the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, as at the date 
of redemption or cancellation, as applicable, taking into account the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event. 
(g) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
(i) 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation 
Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. Neither the 
Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence 
or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation 
Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with 
the Notes. The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure 
to act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or 
maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or 
any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. 
Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index 
from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information 
concerning the Inflation Index.  
6.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing Supplement 
identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 6.3 shall, 
save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to

--- Page 274 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
274 
Floating Rate Notes and to the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes were references to Index 
Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Dual Currency Note 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference 
to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Dual Currency Interest Notes 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7. 
INTEREST AND INTEREST CANCELLATION IN RESPECT OF ADDITIONAL TIER 1 
NOTES 
This Condition 7 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 6 to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 7. 
7.1 
Cancellation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer may at any time elect at its full discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) for an unlimited 
period and on a non-cumulative basis the Interest Amounts otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date.  
Without prejudice to (i) such full discretion of the Issuer to cancel the Interest Amounts and (ii) the 
prohibition to make payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to any provisions of Italian law 
implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in any other similar payment 
restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Relevant Regulations, before the Maximum 
Distributable Amount is calculated, payment of Interest Amounts on any Interest Payment Date must be 
cancelled (in whole or, as the case may be, in part) if and to the extent that such Interest Amounts: 
(a) 
when aggregated together with distributions on all other Own Funds instruments of the Issuer 
(excluding Tier 2 Capital instruments) paid or scheduled for payment in the then current 
financial year and any potential write-ups exceed the amount of Distributable Items, excluding 
any payments already accounted for in determining the Distributable Items; and/or 
(b) 
when aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as 
applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, in 
any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the then applicable Relevant 
Regulations (or, if different, any provisions of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the 
CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other provision(s)) and the amount of any write-up (if 
applicable), would, if paid, cause the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) then applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group to be exceeded; and/or 
(c) 
are required to be cancelled (in whole or in part) by an order to the Issuer from the Competent 
Authority. 
As set out in Condition 8.1, if a Contingency Event occurs, accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the Write-Down Effective Date shall be cancelled.

--- Page 275 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
275 
Notice of any cancellation of payment of a scheduled Interest Amount must be given to the Noteholders 
(in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes as soon 
as possible, but not more than 60 calendar days, prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Such notice 
shall specify the amount of the relevant cancellation. Any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. In the absence 
of any notice of cancellation being given, the fact of non-payment (in whole or in part) of the relevant 
Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be evidence of the Issuer having elected or 
being required to cancel such distributions payment in whole or in part, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) the cancellation of any Interest Amounts in accordance with this 
Condition 7.1 or Condition 8.1 shall not constitute a default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer and 
(ii) interest on the Additional Tier 1 Notes is not cumulative and any Interest Amounts that the Issuer 
elects not to pay or is prohibited from paying will not accumulate or compound and all rights and claims 
in respect of such amounts shall be fully and irrevocably forfeited and no payments shall be made nor 
shall any Noteholder be entitled to any payment or indemnity in respect thereof. 
As used in these Conditions Distributable Items means, subject as otherwise defined in the Relevant Regulations 
from time to time: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the Issuer’s profits at the end of the financial year immediately preceding 
the financial year in which the relevant Interest Payment Date falls plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of Own Funds 
instruments (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes any such distributions paid or made 
on Tier 2 instruments or any such distributions which have already been provided for, by way 
of deduction, in calculating the amount of Distributable Items); less 
(b) 
an amount equal to any losses brought forward, profits which are non-distributable pursuant to 
applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the Issuer from time to time and 
sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with applicable Italian law or the by-
laws of the Issuer from time to time, in each case with respect to the specific category of Own 
Funds Instruments to which applicable European Union or Italian law or the by-laws of the 
Issuer relates, 
those profits, losses and reserves being determined on the basis of the Issuer’s non-consolidated accounts. 
7.2 
No restriction following cancellation of Interest Amounts 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its discretion not to pay interest or is prohibited from paying interest 
on any Interest Payment Date, it will not give rise to any contractual restriction on the Issuer making 
distributions or any other payments to the holders of any securities ranking pari passu with, or junior to, 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes (or, for the avoidance of doubt, Tier 2 instruments). 
7.3 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Subject to Condition 7.1 and Condition 9, the amount of interest payable in respect of an Additional Tier 
1 Note for any period shall be calculated by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be (in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes or Reset Notes) by: 
(a) 
applying the applicable Rate of Interest to the Prevailing Principal Amount of such Additional 
Tier 1 Note; 
(b) 
multiplying the product thereof by the Day Count Fraction; and

--- Page 276 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
276 
(c) 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent. being rounded upwards). 
7.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Down 
Subject to Condition 7.1, in the event that a Write-Down occurs during an Interest Period, any accrued 
and unpaid interest shall be cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.1(c) and the Interest Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 6.3(f), provided that the Day Count Fraction shall be determined as if the Interest Period 
started on, and included, the Write-Down Effective Date. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount in case of Write-Up 
Subject to Condition 7.1, in the event that a Write-Up occurs during an Interest Period, the Interest 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Interest Period shall be 
calculated as the sum (rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent, with half a cent being rounded 
upwards) of the following: 
(a) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount before such 
Write-Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period ended on, but 
excluded, the date of such Write-Up); and 
(b) 
the product of the applicable Rate of Interest, the Prevailing Principal Amount after such Write-
Up, and the Day Count Fraction (determined as if the Interest Period started on, and included, 
the date of such Write-Up). 
As used in these Conditions: 
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum distributable amount relating to the 
Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the 
CRD IV Directive and/or any other Relevant Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law transposing 
or implementing the CRD IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other Relevant Regulation(s)) if the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group is failing to meet any applicable requirements or any buffers relating to such 
requirements (including, without limitation, the maximum distributable amount (MDA) required to be 
calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive, the maximum distributable amount 
related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (M-MDA) required to be 
calculated in accordance with Article 16a of the BRRD), in each case if a corresponding payment 
restriction provision is applicable to the Issuer or the UniCredit Group (as the case may be) at that point 
in time; 
Maximum Write-Up Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3; 
Own Funds has the meaning given to such term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the Relevant 
Regulations; 
Prevailing Principal Amount in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note on any date, means the Initial 
Principal Amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note as reduced from time to time (on one or more occasions) 
pursuant to a Write-Down and/or reinstated from time to time (on one or more occasions) pursuant to a 
Write-Up in each case on or prior to such date; 
Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations; 
Tier 2 Capital has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor term) in the 
Relevant Regulations; 
Write-Down has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1;

--- Page 277 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
277 
Write-Down Amount has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Down Effective Date has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Write-Up has the meaning given to such term in Conditions 8.3;  
Write-Up Notice has the meaning given to such term in Conditions 8.3; and 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument means an instrument (other than the Additional Tier 1 
Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer or, as applicable, any member of the UniCredit Group, 
and qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer or, as applicable, the UniCredit Group that, as 
at the time immediately prior to the relevant Write-Up, has a prevailing principal amount lower than the 
principal amount that it was issued with due to a write-down. 
8. 
LOSS ABSORPTION AND REINSTATEMENT OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
This Condition 8 applies only to Additional Tier 1 Notes. The application of Condition 6 to Additional 
Tier 1 Notes is subject to this Condition 8. 
8.1 
Loss absorption 
If, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falls below 5.125 per cent. (an 
Issuer Contingency Event) or the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falls 
below 5.125 per cent. (a Group Contingency Event) or, in each case, the then minimum trigger event 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant 
Regulations (excluding any guidelines or policies of non-mandatory application) applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the UniCredit Group (each, a Contingency Event), the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
immediately notify the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the relevant Contingency 
Event; 
(b) 
as soon as reasonably practicable deliver a Loss Absorption Event Notice to Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)), the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes 
(provided that failure or delay in delivering a Loss Absorption Event Notice shall not constitute 
a default for any purpose or in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, 
any Write-Down); 
(c) 
cancel any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Write-Down Effective Date; 
and 
(d) 
without delay, and in any event within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent 
Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred, reduce the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note by the 
Write-Down Amount (such reduction being referred to as a Write-Down and Written Down 
being construed accordingly). 
Whether a Contingency Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer and the 
Competent Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, even if the cancellation of interest pursuant to Condition 8.1(c) would cure 
the relevant Contingency Event, the relevant Write-Down shall occur in any event and any increase in 
the CET1 Ratio as a result of such cancellation shall be disregarded for the purpose of calculating the 
relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such Contingency Event.

--- Page 278 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
278 
Any Write-Down of an Additional Tier 1 Note will be effected, save as may otherwise be required by 
the Competent Authority and subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, pro rata with the Write-
Down of the other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with the concurrent (or substantially concurrent) write-
down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments (based on the prevailing amount of the relevant Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument). To the 
extent possible, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Prior Loss 
Absorbing Instruments will be taken into account in the calculation of the Write Down Amount, and of 
the amount of write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of any Equal Loss Absorbing 
Instruments, required to cure the relevant Contingency Event. 
A Write-Down may occur on more than one occasion and the Additional Tier 1 Notes may be Written 
Down on more than one occasion. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice means a notice which specifies that a Contingency Event has occurred, 
the Write-Down Amount (as a percentage of the Initial Principal Amount resulting in a pro rata decrease 
in the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note), including the method of calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount, and the date on which the Write-Down will take effect (the Write-Down 
Effective Date). Any Loss Absorption Event Notice delivered to the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised 
Notes must be accompanied by a certificate signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the 
Contingency Event has occurred and setting out the method of calculation of the relevant Write-Down 
Amount. The Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, 
for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, 
nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible 
for the contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications are inaccurate or incorrect. 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the then Prevailing Principal Amount of each 
outstanding Additional Tier 1 Note is to be Written Down with effect as of the Write-Down Effective 
Date on a pro rata basis pursuant to a Write-Down, being: 
(i) 
the amount that (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of the other 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or write-
off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing Instruments) 
would be sufficient to cure the Contingency Event; or 
(ii) 
if that Write-Down (together with (a) the concurrent Write-Down on a pro rata basis of the 
other Additional Tier 1 Notes and (b) the concurrent or substantially concurrent write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion on a pro rata basis to the extent possible of any Loss Absorbing 
Instruments) would be insufficient to cure the Contingency Event, or the Contingency Event is 
not capable of being cured, the amount necessary to reduce the Prevailing Principal Amount to 
the sub-unit of the Specified Currency. 
In respect of any Write-Down, to the extent the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary 
Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument is not, or within one month (or such shorter period as the 
Competent Authority may require) from the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has 
occurred will not be, effective for any reason (i) the ineffectiveness of any such write-down (or write-
off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not prejudice the requirement to effect the Write-Down of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.1; and (ii) such write-down (or write-off) or 
conversion into Ordinary Shares shall not be taken into account in calculating the Write Down Amount 
in respect of such Write-Down. For the avoidance of doubt, the write-down (or write-off) or conversion 
into Ordinary Shares of any Loss Absorbing Instrument will only be taken into account in the calculation 
of the Write-Down Amount to the extent (and in the amount, if any) that such Loss Absorbing Instrument 
can actually be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in the relevant 
circumstances within one month (or such shorter period as the Competent Authority may require) from 
the determination that the relevant Contingency Event has occurred.

--- Page 279 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
279 
If, in connection with a Write-Down or the calculation of a Write-Down Amount, there are outstanding 
any Loss Absorbing Instruments the terms of which provide that they shall be written-down (or written-
off) or converted into Ordinary Shares in full and not in part only (Full Loss Absorbing Instruments) 
then:  
(A) 
the requirement that a Write-Down of the Additional Tier 1 Notes shall be effected pro rata 
with the write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, of 
any such Loss Absorbing Instruments shall not be construed as requiring the Additional Tier 1 
Notes to be Written-Down in full (or in full save for the sub-unit floor) simply by virtue of the 
fact that such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments will be written-down (or written-off) or 
converted in full; and  
(B) 
for the purposes of calculating the Write-Down Amount, the Full Loss Absorbing Instruments 
will be treated (for the purposes only of determining the write-down (or write-off) of principal 
or conversion into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, among the Additional Tier 1 Notes and 
such other Loss Absorbing Instruments on a pro rata basis) as if their terms permitted partial 
write-down (or write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares, such that the write-down (or 
write-off) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments shall be 
deemed to occur in two concurrent stages: (a) first, the principal amount of such Full Loss 
Absorbing Instruments shall be written-down (or written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares 
pro rata with the Additional Tier 1 Notes and all other Loss Absorbing Instruments (in each 
case subject to and as provided in the preceding paragraph) to the extent necessary to cure the 
relevant Contingency Event; and (b) secondly, the balance (if any) of the principal amount of 
such Full Loss Absorbing Instruments remaining following (a) shall be written-down (or 
written-off) or converted into Ordinary Shares, as the case may be, with the effect of increasing 
the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s, as the case may be, CET1 Ratio above the minimum 
required level under (a) above.  
8.2 
Consequences of loss absorption 
Following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice which specifies a Write-Down of the Additional 
Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
a similar notice is, or has been, given in respect of each Loss Absorbing Instrument (in 
accordance with, and to the extent required by, its terms); and 
(b) 
the prevailing principal amount of each Loss Absorbing Instrument outstanding (other than the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) (if any) is written down (or written-off) or converted, as appropriate, 
in accordance with its terms prior to or, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the giving of such Loss Absorption Event Notice. 
8.3 
Reinstatement of principal amount 
If both a positive Net Income and a positive Consolidated Net Income are recorded at any time while the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is less than their Initial Principal Amount, 
the Issuer may, at its full discretion and subject to the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) (when 
the amount of the Write-Up is aggregated together with other distributions of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group, as applicable, of the kind referred to in Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive and, if relevant, 
in any other similar payment restriction provision(s) under the Relevant Regulations (or, if different, any 
provision of Italian law implementing Article 141(2) of the CRD IV Directive or, if relevant, such other 
provision(s))) not being exceeded thereby, increase the Prevailing Principal Amount of each Additional 
Tier 1 Note (a Write-Up) up to a maximum of the Initial Principal Amount, on a pro rata basis with the 
other Additional Tier 1 Notes and with any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments that have terms 
permitting a principal write-up to occur on a basis similar to that set out in this Condition 8.3 in the

--- Page 280 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
280 
circumstances existing on the date of the relevant Write-Up (based on their Initial Principal Amounts), 
provided that the sum of: 
(i) 
the aggregate amount of the relevant Write-Up on all the Additional Tier 1 Notes (aggregated 
with the aggregate amounts of any other Write-Ups out of the same Relevant Net Income); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on the Additional Tier 1 Notes that were paid on 
the basis of a Prevailing Principal Amount lower than the Initial Principal Amount at any time 
after the end of the previous financial year, 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of the increase in principal amount of each such Written-Down Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument at the time of the relevant Write-Up; and 
(iv) 
the aggregate amount of any interest payments on each such Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instrument that were calculated or paid on the basis of a prevailing principal amount that is 
lower than the principal amount it was issued with at any time after the end of the previous 
financial year, 
does not exceed the Maximum Write-Up Amount. 
The Maximum Write-Up Amount means: 
(a) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Consolidated Net Income, 
the Consolidated Net Income multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments of the UniCredit Group, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital 
of the UniCredit Group as at the date of the relevant Write-Up; or  
(b) 
if the Relevant Net Income for the relevant Write-Up is equal to the Net Income, the Net Income 
multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
and the aggregate initial principal amount of all Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
of the Issuer, and divided by the total Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer as at the date of the relevant 
Write-Up. 
The Issuer will not reinstate the principal amount of any Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instruments of 
the Issuer that have terms permitting a principal write-up to occur on a similar basis to that set out in this 
Condition 8.3 unless it does so on a pro rata basis with a Write-Up on the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
A Write-Up may be made on one or more occasions in accordance with this Condition 8.3 until the 
Prevailing Principal Amount of the Additional Tier 1 Notes has been reinstated to the Initial Principal 
Amount. No Write-Up shall be operated (i) whilst a Contingency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or (ii) where any such Write-Up (together with the write-up of all other Written-Down Additional Tier 1 
Instruments) would cause a Contingency Event to occur. 
Any decision by the Issuer to effect or not to effect any Write-Up pursuant to this Condition 8.3 on any 
occasion shall not preclude it from effecting or not effecting any Write-Up on any other occasion 
pursuant to this Condition 8.3. 
If the Issuer decides to Write-Up the Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.3, it shall 
deliver a notice (a Write-Up Notice) specifying the amount of any Write-Up (as a percentage of the 
Initial Principal Amount of an Additional Tier 1 Note resulting in a pro rata increase in the Prevailing 
Principal Amount of each Additional Tier 1 Note) and the date on which such Write-Up shall take effect 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and to the Paying Agent for the

--- Page 281 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
281 
Dematerialised Notes. Such Write-Up Notice shall be given at least ten Business Days prior to the date 
on which the relevant Write-Up becomes effective.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, at any time, has the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable transitional 
provisions under the Relevant Regulations; 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio means, at any time, the ratio of the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, divided by the Risk Weighted Assets 
of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group (as applicable) at such time, calculated by the Issuer or the 
Competent Authority in accordance with the Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable 
transitional provisions under the Relevant Regulations; 
Consolidated Net Income means the consolidated net income of the UniCredit Group, as calculated and 
set out in the most recent published audited annual consolidated accounts of the UniCredit Group, as 
approved by the Issuer; 
Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
(other than the Additional Tier 1 Notes) which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or 
write-off) (whether on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of 
the principal amount of such instrument (in each case in accordance with its conditions or 
otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the 
Issuer falling below a level that is equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event 
ratio for loss absorption applicable to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the 
Relevant Regulations applicable to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
or a Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on 
a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the principal amount of such instrument (in 
each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, of 
the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling below a level that is 
equal to 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
UniCredit Group, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or 
with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) 
satisfied; 
Group Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Initial Principal Amount means, in respect of an Additional Tier 1 Note, or as the case may be, a 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, the principal amount of such Additional Tier 1 Note or

--- Page 282 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
282 
Written-Down Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as at the Issue Date or the issue date of the Written-Down 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument, as applicable; 
Issuer Contingency Event has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means an Equal Loss Absorbing Instrument and/or a Prior Loss Absorbing 
Instrument, as applicable. 
Loss Absorption Event Notice has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8.1; 
Net Income means the non-consolidated net income of the Issuer as calculated and set out in the last 
audited annual accounts of the Issuer, as approved by the Issuer; 
Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares of the Issuer; 
Prior Loss Absorbing Instrument means; 
(a) 
in respect of an Issuer Contingency Event, at any time, any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether on a permanent or 
temporary basis) or conversion into Ordinary Shares of the principal amount of such instrument 
(in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer falling below a level that is higher than 
5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable to 
Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Group Contingency Event, at any time: (i) any instrument (irrespective of whether 
such instrument is included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit 
Group and irrespective of whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari 
passu with, or junior to the Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
or any Group Entity which contains provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) (whether 
on a permanent or temporary basis) or conversion of the principal amount of such instrument 
(in each case in accordance with its conditions or otherwise) on the occurrence, or as a result, 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the UniCredit Group falling below a level that is 
higher than 5.125 per cent. or the then minimum trigger event ratio for loss absorption applicable 
to Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments specified in the Relevant Regulations applicable to the 
UniCredit Group; and (ii) any instrument (irrespective of whether such instrument is included 
in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group and irrespective of 
whether such instrument ranks or is expressed to rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes) issued directly or indirectly by any Group Entity which contains 
provisions relating to a write-down (or write-off) or conversion of the principal amount of such 
instrument on the occurrence, or as a result, of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of that 
Group Entity, or of a group within the prudential consolidation of such Group Entity pursuant 
to Chapter 2 of Title II of Part One of the CRD IV Regulation other than the UniCredit Group, 
falling below the level specified in such instrument at the date on which the relevant Group 
Contingency Event first occurred, 
and, in each case, in respect of which the conditions (if any) to the operation of such provisions are (or 
with the giving of any certificate or notice which is capable of being given by the Issuer, would be) 
satisfied;

--- Page 283 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
283 
Relevant Net Income means the lowest of the Net Income and the Consolidated Net Income; 
Risk Weighted Assets means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the risk weighted assets of the Issuer 
or the UniCredit Group, as the case may be, at such time calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Relevant Regulations taking into account any applicable transitional provisions under the Relevant 
Regulations. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
9.1 
Payments to Noteholder 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes to the accounts of the Monte Titoli 
Account Holders whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited 
by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
9.2 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by Monte Titoli crediting the euro accounts of the relevant 
intermediaries, on behalf of the Noteholders, as evidenced in Monte Titoli’s records. 
9.3 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11, and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9.4 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment 
Day means any day which (subject to Condition 12) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in Milan; and 
(ii) 
in any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms (if 
any); and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional

--- Page 284 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
284 
Financial Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
9.5 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 11; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(f) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 10.8); 
and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 11. 
Any reference in these Conditions to payment of any sums in respect of the Notes (including, in respect 
of Index Linked Notes and other structured Notes) shall be deemed to include, as applicable, delivery of 
any relevant Reference Asset (as defined in Condition 10.14 if so provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and references to “paid” and “payable” shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of 
doubt and notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, any 
provisions of the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms which allow the costs of unwinding, 
substituting, settling, re-establishing or incurring any hedging arrangements (howsoever described) or 
any amount that would have been incurred as such hedging costs had the relevant hedging arrangements 
been in place may not be (i) deducted from amounts payable or deliverable to Noteholders or (ii) taken 
into account in any adjustments or calculations made pursuant to the Conditions and references to such 
hedging costs will be deemed not to apply to the Notes. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Redemption at maturity 
This Condition 10.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (i) at 
par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency or (ii) at its Final Redemption Amount, in case of Exempt Notes, which is such 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency. 
10.2 
No fixed redemption for the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 10.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Additional 
Tier 1 Notes.  
The Additional Tier 1 Notes may not be redeemed otherwise than in accordance with this Condition 10.2.

--- Page 285 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
285 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, the Additional Tier 1 Notes 
will mature on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer, in accordance with (a) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer, (b) 
any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the maturity of the Issuer is set in its by-laws at 
31 December 2100), or (c) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or 
administrative authority. Upon maturity, the Additional Tier 1 Notes will become due and payable at an 
amount equal to their Prevailing Principal Amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest (to the 
extent not cancelled in accordance with Condition 7.1) up to, but excluding the date fixed for redemption, 
and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 11. 
10.3 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 10.8, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the provisions of Condition 10.16 and, in the case 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 10.17) in whole or in 
part (to the extent permitted by the then applicable Relevant Regulations), at any time (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Tax Event has occurred 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall make 
available, upon request, to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 10.3 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.8 or, in the case of 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Tax Event means: 
(a) In the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes only, the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the 
Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for the Tax Jurisdiction purposes is reduced, or the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to the laws, regulations or rulings of, or 
applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11 (Taxation)), or any political subdivision 
or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application 
or official interpretation or administration of such laws, regulations or rulings: 
(i) which change or amendment: 
(A) 
becomes effective after the Issue Date; 
(B) 
in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent required by the then applicable 
Relevant Regulations, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date; 
(C) 
is evidenced by a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating 
that interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes is no longer, 
or will no longer be, deductible for income tax purposes of the Tax Jurisdiction or such

--- Page 286 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
286 
deductibility is materially reduced, or that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts, as the case may be, and describing the facts leading thereto 
and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
such circumstances prevail, to be made available by the Issuer, upon request, to the 
Noteholders; and  
(ii) which obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; 
(b) in the case of any Note other than Additional Tier 1 Notes (i) on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
11, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or 
applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11) or any political subdivision of, or any 
authority in, or of, a Tax Jurisdiction having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case 
of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, if and to the extent then required under the then applicable Relevant Regulations, any 
such change or amendment is, to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority, material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes; and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it. 
The Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for 
monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 10.3 are provided, 
nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible 
for the contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such 
certifications are inaccurate or incorrect. 
10.4 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 10.4 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 10.16), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note 
or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Monte 
Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if (a) a Regulatory Event occurs in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes, or (b) a Capital Event occurs in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.4, the Issuer shall make 
available, upon request, to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.4, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.4. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
10.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.8, or in the case of 
the Additional Tier 1, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions: 
A Capital Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their

--- Page 287 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
287 
exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Additional 
Tier 1 Capital of the UniCredit Group or the Issuer (other than as of a consequence of write-down or 
conversion, where applicable) and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant 
Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Additional Tier 1 Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the relevant Additional Tier 1 Notes; and 
A Regulatory Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification 
of the Subordinated Notes under the Relevant Regulations that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion, in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Relevant Regulations, in part, from Tier 2 Capital 
of the UniCredit Group or the Issuer and, in the event of any redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and to the extent then required by 
the Relevant Regulations, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. 
10.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 10.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for a Clean-Up Redemption Option as described in Condition 10.7, for 
taxation reasons as described in Condition 10.3, for regulatory reasons as described in Condition 10.4 or 
for the occurrance of a MREL Disqualification Event as described in Condition 10.6), such option being 
referred to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Issuer Call 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10.5 for full information on any Issuer Call. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, the provisions of Condition 10.16 and, in 
the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 10.17), having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) equal to the 
higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin,

--- Page 288 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
288 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional Redemption 
Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Issuer (or 
an agent appointed by the Issuer), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10.5 by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, 
the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and all Noteholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, be selected in accordance with the rules of Monte Titoli (to be 
reflected in the records of Monte Titoli as a pro rata reduction in principal amount) not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date).Each Noteholder that holds a Redeemed Note will be informed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 289 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
289 
10.6 
Issuer Call Due to MREL Disqualification Event  
This Condition 10.6 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then any Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 10.17) on or after the date specified in a notice published on the Issuer’s website be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating 
Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest 
Note) on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer 
determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10.6, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 10.6 
will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 10.8 together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
As used in these Conditions:  
Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or independent 
of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the 
relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group 
Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution 
regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other 
person;  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;  
CRD IV means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRD IV Regulation, and (iii) the Future 
Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 
26, 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the 
CRD V Regulation); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 290 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
290 
CRD V Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations introduced 
after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer (on a 
solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds 
of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the extent required by (i) the CRD IV Regulation or (ii) the 
CRD IV Directive; 
Group and UniCredit Group means the UniCredit Banking Group, registered with the Register of 
Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Italian Banking Act, under number 
02008.1; 
Group Entity means UniCredit or any legal person that is part of the UniCredit Group; 
MREL Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Series of Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available 
to meet the MREL Requirements, provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-
Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being 
less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being 
insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable 
general requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) 
the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL 
Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a 
purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification 
Event; 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including any 
applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or 
the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, 
supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Relevant Regulations means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, CRD IV and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European 
Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
291 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
10.7 
Clean-Up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
This Condition 10.7 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for an Issuer Call as described in Condition 10.5, for taxation reasons as 
described in Condition 10.3, for regulatory reasons as described in Condition 10.4 or for the occurrance 
of a MREL Disqualification Event as described in Condition 10.6), such option being referred to as 
Clean-Up Redemption Option. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to any Clean-
Up Redemption Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10.7 for full information on 
any Clean-Up Redemption Option. In particular, if the Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the Clean-Up Call Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming 
a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may (subject to, in the case of Subordinated Notes or 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, the provisions of Condition 10.16 and, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 10.17) at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an 
Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note), or on any Interest Payment Date (if the 
Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), at 
its option, and having given to the Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and the Noteholders not less than 
15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up redemption 
amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms (Clean-Up Redemption Amount) or, in the case of 
the Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-
Up Redemption Notice. 
10.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), Condition 10.6 (Issuer Call Due to MREL Disqualification Event) 
and Condition 13 (Events of Default), the Early Redemption Amount shall be set: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
nominal amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360- day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will

--- Page 292 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
292 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
10.9 
Extendible Notes 
Notes may be issued with an initial maturity date (the Initial Maturity Date) which may be extended 
from time to time upon the election of the Noteholders on specified dates (each, an Election Date) up to 
a final maturity date (the Final Maturity Date) as set forth in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement if applicable) (Extendible Notes). To make an election effective on any Election Date, the 
Noteholder must deliver a notice of election in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes (a Notice of Election), during the 
Notice Period for that Election Date specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement if applicable) 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). Any Notice of Election so given by a Noteholder pursuant 
to this Condition 10.9 will be irrevocable and binding upon that Noteholder. The Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement if applicable) relating to each issue of Extendible Notes will specify the Initial Maturity 
Date, the Final Maturity Date, the Election Date(s) and the applicable Notice Period. 
10.10 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 10.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on 
an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 10 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
10.11 
Purchases  
Subject to Condition 10.17 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Condition 
10.16 in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, the Issuer or any subsidiary of the 
Issuer may purchase Notes, including for market making purposes, at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, cancelled. 
10.12 
Cancellation  
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and the Notes 
purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer and cancelled pursuant to Condition 10.11 
(Purchases) cannot be reissued or resold. 
10.13 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 10.1, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 or 10.6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 13 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero

--- Page 293 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
293 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 10.8(a) as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
10.14 
Index Linked Notes and other Structured Notes 
The Issuer may, as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be entitled to redeem Index Linked 
Notes or other structured Notes, including where the amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes is based on the price, value, performance or some other factor relating to an asset or other 
property (Reference Asset), by physical delivery of all or part of the Reference Asset or of some other 
asset or property (Physically-Settled Notes). 
10.15 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to Article 
1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
10.16 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.7 or 10.11 or Condition 16 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 16) is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Relevant Regulations, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes (in 
each case subject to and in accordance with the then Relevant Regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either:  
(i) on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Relevant Regulations by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such 
time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, if and to the extent required 
under Article 78(4) of the CRD IV Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes or 
a Capital Event having occurred in respect of Additional Tier 1 Notes; or

--- Page 294 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
294 
(iii) on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that action on 
the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv)  the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Relevant Regulations.  
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes 
or Additional Tier 1 Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from 
time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by 
the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
instruments or the Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters 
(i) or (ii) of subparagraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
If the Issuer has elected to redeem any Additional Tier 1 Notes pursuant to Conditions 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 
or 10.7 and prior to the relevant redemption date a Contingency Event occurs, the relevant redemption 
notice shall be automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect, the Prevailing Principal 
Amount of the Notes will not be due and payable and a Write-Down shall occur as described under 
Condition 8. 
The Issuer shall not give a redemption notice pursuant to Conditions 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 or 10.7 in the period 
following the giving of a Loss Absorption Event Notice and prior to the relevant Write Down Effective 
Date. 
10.17 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Any redemption or purchase in accordance with Condition 10.2, 10.5, 10.6, 10.7 or 10.11 or Condition 
16 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 
16) of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments 
according to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant time, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRD IV Regulation, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the 
relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b)  the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Relevant 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent 
Authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Relevant Regulations for continuing 
authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to time 
under the Relevant Regulations.

--- Page 295 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
295 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments of interest (including any Arrear of Interest and Default Interest) in respect of the Notes by 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts of interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction, 
except that: 
(a) 
(in respect of payments by the Issuer) no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 
21 November 1997 (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) or any related 
implementing regulations; and 
(b) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note 
by reason of his having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid 
such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note by making a declaration 
or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited 
to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming 
such day to have been a Payment Day as defined in Condition 9.4); or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(v) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in the event of 
payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest is paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
authorities; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996, as amended, have not been met or complied with, except 
where such requirements and procedures have not been met or complied with 
due to the actions or omissions of UniCredit or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes that are not qualified as bonds or similar securities where 
such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983, as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time 
to time; or

--- Page 296 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
296 
(viii) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(ix) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(a) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of interest on the Notes; and 
(b) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices). 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under this Condition 11 or under any obligation 
undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to any agency agreement in a 
customary form.  
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims shall be prescribed and become void unless made within a period of ten years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11) 
therefor. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
13.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 13.1 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
With respect to any Senior Note or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the Issuer shall become subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Banking Act (the Event of Default for the 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), then any holder of a Senior Note or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes, declare any Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. No Event of Default for the Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding in respect 
of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for any purpose). 
13.2 
Events of Default relating to Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes 
This Condition 13.2 applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes.

--- Page 297 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
297 
With respect to any Subordinated Note and Additional Tier 1 Note, if the Issuer shall become subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Banking Act (the Event of Default for the 
Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes), then any holder of a Subordinated Note or 
Additional Tier 1 Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Paying Agent 
for the Dematerialised Notes, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes, declare any Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable as its Early 
Redemption Amount or, in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, at their Prevailing Principal Amount, 
together with accrued interest (in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, to the extent that such interest is 
not cancelled in accordance with these Conditions) (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. No Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes 
and Additional Tier 1 Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding in respect 
of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Subordinated 
Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes for any purpose). 
14. 
AGENTS 
The Issuer will act as initial paying agent for the Notes and the name of the Issuer will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes.  
The Issuer is entitled to terminate its role as Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and appoint an 
additional or other Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, in each case under the terms of an agency 
agreement in a customary form, provided that there will at all times be a Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
15. 
NOTICES 
For so long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, all notices regarding the Notes will be deemed 
to be validly given if published through the systems of Monte Titoli, and (if and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for so long as the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so require) either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper 
will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Issuer has made application for the Notes to be listed or admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by 
those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes.  
All notices regarding Notes admitted to trading on MOT or on Euro TLX, shall be delivered to Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. to be published in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (if and for as so long 
as the rules of the exchange so require), guidelines and market practice. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders attached to these Terms and Conditions contains provisions 
for convening meetings, including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, of 
the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
or Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one half in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting

--- Page 298 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
298 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or these Conditions 
(including (i) modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes (in 
case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, except as provided by the Conditions), or (iii) altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Provisions for 
Meetings of Noteholders. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall 
have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of the Notes or these Conditions or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Notes, or determine, without any such consent 
as aforesaid, that any Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
or any Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, 
or potential Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
potential Event of Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as 
applicable, shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes or these Conditions which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter.   
In addition, (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory Event 
occurs, (iii) in the case of Additional Tier 1 Notes, if at any time a Capital Event or an Alignment Event 
occurs, (iv) in the case of all Notes, if at any time a Tax Event occurs; or (v) in the case of all Notes, in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of 
Statutory Bail-In Powers), then the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series), and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in accordance with Condition 
15 (Notices), the holders of the Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable, except that, if a 
Contingency Event occurs in respect of the Additional Tier 1 Notes, the relevant notice shall be 
automatically rescinded and shall be of no force and effect and a Write-Down shall occur as described 
under Condition 8), at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, provided that Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Qualifying Subordinated Notes or Qualifying Additional Tier 1 
Notes, as applicable, shall not, immediately following such variation, be subject to a Capital Event, a 
MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes), a 
Regulatory Event and/or a Tax Event, as applicable. 
In these Conditions: 
Alignment Event will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or amendment to the 
Relevant Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer would be able 
to issue a capital instrument qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Capital that contains one or more provisions 
that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained in 
these Conditions.

--- Page 299 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
299 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder 
of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result 
in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the 
then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In 
Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder 
of the Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes, 
and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible 
to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the UniCredit Group’s (as applicable) 
minimum requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any 
existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) 
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory 
Bail-In Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder 
of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Subordinated Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements 
of the Relevant Regulations in relation to Tier 2 Capital, (B) include a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In 
Powers); and

--- Page 300 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
300 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.  
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 19 (Contractual 
Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a Holder 
of the Additional Tier 1 Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Additional Tier 1 Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms such that they comply with the 
then-current minimum requirements under the Relevant Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 1 
Capital of the Issuer and/or the UniCredit Group (as applicable); (B) provide for a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid 
interest (which has not been cancelled) in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation (but subject always to the right or 
obligation of the Issuer subsequently to cancel any such accrued interest in accordance with the 
terms of the Notes); and (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Notes by credit agencies solicited by the Issuer immediately prior to such 
variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 19 (Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Additional Tier 1 Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any variations of the Conditions to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments 
or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance with Condition 6.4 (Reference Rate 
Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 16 is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 10.16 (in respect of Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes) and 
Condition 10.17 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, that the courts of Milan are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them), and that accordingly any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them) may be brought in such courts. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum, and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such

--- Page 301 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
301 
Proceedings brought in the courts of Milan with regard to the Notes shall be conclusive and binding upon 
each party and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.  
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
18.3 
Waiver of trial by jury 
Without prejudice to Condition 18.2, each party waives any right it may have to a jury trial of any claim 
or cause of action in connection with the Notes. These Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a 
bench trial. 
18.4 
Non-exclusivity 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) 
limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor 
shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in 
any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by law. 
19. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF STATUTORY BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the potential write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or distributions on, the Additional Tier 1 Notes or the conversion of the Additional Tier 1 
Notes into Ordinary Shares or other obligations in connection with the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Competent Authority is separate and distinct from a Write-Down following a Contingency Event 
although these events may occur consecutively. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 19 
(Contractual Recognition of Statutory Bail-In Powers).  
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default for the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or an Event of 
Default for the Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Notes, as applicable, and the Terms and 
Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to 
reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant 
Member State.  
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 302 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
302 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
Article 1 
General 
Each Meeting of Noteholders of a specific Series of Notes under the Programme is governed by these Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders (the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders). 
These Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation 
of all the Notes issued under the Programme. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are deemed to be an integral part of each Note 
issued by the Issuer from time to time under the Programme. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are subject to any mandatory provisions of Italian 
law (including, without limitation, those set out in the Financial Services Act) and the Issuer’s By-Laws in force 
from time to time. 
Article 2 
Definitions 
Unless otherwise provided in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, any capitalised term shall have the 
meaning attributed to it in the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Any reference herein to an Article shall be a reference to an article of these Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders. Any reference herein to a Series of Notes shall be a reference, in the case of a Meeting of the 
Noteholders, to the Notes of the same Series issued under the Programme in relation to which the Meeting is 
convened. 
In these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, the terms below shall have the following meaning: 
Blocked Notes means the Notes which have been blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting for the purpose of obtaining from the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder a Voting Certificate on the terms that any such Notes will not be released up to the 
earlier of (i) the moment after which the relevant Meeting is closed and (ii) the relevant Voting Certificate is 
surrendered to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance with Article 7 of 
these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders; 
Conditions means the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes to which these Provisions for Meetings 
of Noteholders are an exhibit and any reference to a numbered Condition is to the correspondingly numbered 
provision thereof; 
Extraordinary Resolution means (a) a resolution passed at a Meeting of the relevant Noteholders, duly 
convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, 
(b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders of the relevant Series who at that time are 
entitled to participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of such Noteholders; or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders; 
Meeting means a meeting of the relevant Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
Notes and Noteholders means in connection with a Meeting of Noteholders of any Series, the Notes of such 
Series and the Noteholders of such Series, respectively;

--- Page 303 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
303 
Proxy means, with respect to a Meeting, the certificate issued by the Noteholder (through the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holder), delivered to the Issuer, which authorises a designated duly authorised physical person 
to vote on its behalf in respect of the relevant Blocked Notes; certifying that the votes attributable to such Blocked 
Notes are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 
48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked. So long as a 
Proxy is valid, the named therein as Proxy Holder, shall be considered to be the holder of the Notes to which 
such Proxy refers for all purposes in connection with the Meeting; 
Proxy Holder means, in relation to a Meeting, an individual who has the right to vote in relation to a Blocked 
Note pursuant to a Proxy, in any case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holder, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes or the Chairman has 
been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and 
who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Voter means, in relation to any Meeting, the holder of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by any Noteholder and issued by 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation, 
stating inter alia: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Notes will not be released until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the 
Meeting; and (ii) the surrender of the certificate to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder 
and notification of the release thereof to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the number of the Blocked Notes; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote, also by way of Proxy, at the 
Meeting in respect of the Blocked Notes. 
So long as a Voting Certificate is valid, the bearer thereof or the named therein as holder of the Blocked Notes 
shall be considered to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate refers for all purposes in 
connection with the Meeting; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business in the 
place where the Meeting of the relevant Noteholders is to be held, and such period shall be extended by one or, 
to the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until it includes the aforesaid all or part of a day on which 
banks are open for business as described above; and 
48 hours means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
 
TITLE II  
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Article 3 
General Provisions 
Within 14 days of the conclusion of any Meeting, the Issuer shall give notice, in compliance with the provisions 
of Condition 15 (Notices), of the result of the votes on each resolution submitted to the Meeting. Such notice 
shall be sent by the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Any resolution validly passed at any Meeting pursuant to these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders shall be 
binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present or dissenting at such Meeting and each of the Noteholders 
shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly.

--- Page 304 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
304 
Article 4 
Deposit of Voting Certificates and Validity of the Proxies and Voting Certificates 
In order to be admitted to participate in a Meeting, Noteholders must deposit their Voting Certificates with the 
Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. If a Voting 
Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise 
before the Meeting proceeding to discuss the items on the agenda. 
A Proxy shall be valid only if it is deposited, along with the related Voting Certificate(s) at the office of the Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, or at any other place approved by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised 
Notes, not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. If a Proxy is not deposited before such deadline, 
it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeding to discuss the items 
on the agenda. 
The Voting Certificates and Proxies shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Notes to which they relate. 
References to the blocking or release of the Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices 
(including blocking the relevant account) of the relevant clearing system. 
Article 5 
Convening the Meeting 
The Issuer may at any time and the Issuer shall, upon a requisition in writing in the English language signed by 
the holders of not less than one-tenth in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, convene a 
Meeting and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a Meeting the same may 
be convened by the relevant Noteholders. Whenever the Issuer is about to convene any such Meeting, the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice in writing to the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and the Dealers of the 
day, time and place thereof and of the nature of the business to be transacted thereat.  
Each Meeting may be held also by linking various venues in different locations by audio/video conferencing 
facilities, subject to the following conditions: 
− 
the Chairman of the Meeting is able to be certain as to the identity of those taking part, control how 
the Meeting proceeds, and determine and announce the results of voting; and 
− 
those taking part are able to participate in discussions and voting on the items on the agenda 
simultaneously, as well as to view, receive, and transmit documents. 
 
The Meeting held by audio/video conferencing will be deemed to have taken place at the venue at which the 
Chairman is present. 
Article 6 
Notices 
At least 21 days prior to the day set for the Meeting (exclusive of the day on which notice is delivered and of the 
day of the Meeting), notice in writing must be provided by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes to the 
relevant Noteholders (and a copy of such notice must be provided to the Issuer, unless the Meeting is convened 
by the Issuer) of the day, time and location of the Meeting as well as, if necessary, venues connected by audio or 
video conferencing that may be used by those involved. 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be voted on. In addition, the notice shall state that the 
Notes may be deposited with the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder for the purposes of obtaining the Voting 
Certificates from such relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting. 
Article 7 
Chairman of the Meeting 
A person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall be entitled to take the 
chair at the relevant Meeting or adjourned Meeting but if no such nomination is made or if at any Meeting or 
adjourned Meeting the person nominated shall not be present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for

--- Page 305 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
305 
holding the Meeting or adjourned Meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to be 
Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be 
the same person as was Chairman of the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, leads and moderates 
the debate, and defines the terms for voting. 
The Chairman may be assisted by a secretary to be chosen amongst the participants to the Meeting. The Chairman 
may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist on any given matter, 
and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be Noteholders. 
Article 8 
Quorum 
The quorum to convene and hold any Meeting shall be at least two Voters (unless all the relevant Notes are held 
by one Voter only, in which case the quorum shall be such Voter) representing or holding: 
(a) 
for voting on any resolution, other than an Extraordinary Resolution, not less than one-twentieth of 
the principal amount outstanding on the Notes; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution, not less than one half of the principal amount outstanding 
on the Notes PROVIDED THAT at any Meeting the business of which includes any of the following 
matters (each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, 
where applicable, of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
the sanctioning of any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer 
and the Noteholders or any of them; and 
(v) 
alteration of this proviso or the provisio in Article 9 below, 
 
the quorum shall be not less than two-thirds of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
The quorum at any such Meeting for passing any resolution shall be: 
(a) 
in the case of any resolution other than an Extraordinary Resolution, at least two-thirds of the votes 
cast by the Voters attending the relevant Meeting; and 
 
(b) 
in the case of any Extraordinary Resolution not less than three quarters of the votes cast by the Voters 
attending the relevant Meeting. 
 
Article 9 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the time 
appointed for any such meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business, then, 
subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the 
Meeting shall, if convened upon the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand 
adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) 
at the same time and place (except in the case of a Meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be 
proposed, in which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor more than 
42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such meeting).

--- Page 306 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
306 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the time 
appointed for any adjourned Meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business, then, 
subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the 
Chairman may either dissolve such Meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 13 clear 
days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman 
either at or subsequent to such adjourned Meeting, and the provisions of this sentence shall apply to all further 
adjourned such Meetings. At any adjourned Meeting one or more Voters (whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall have power to 
pass any resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place had the requisite quorum been present PROVIDED THAT at any 
adjourned Meeting the quorum for the transaction of business comprising any of the matters specified in the 
proviso to Article 8(b)(i) to 8(b)(v) above shall be one or more Voters holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than one-third of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
Article 10 
Adjourned Meeting 
At any adjourned Meeting no business shall be transacted except business which should have been transacted at 
the Meeting at which the adjournment took place. 
Article 11 
Notice following adjournment 
If a Meeting is adjourned in accordance with the provisions of Article 9 above, such Meeting shall be reconvened 
in compliance with the terms provided in Articles 5 and 6 above, provided however that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which the 
Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes. 
Article 12 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) Voters; 
 
(b) the directors, officer, financial advisors and the statutory auditors of the Issuer and its lawyers; 
 
(c) the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes; and 
 
(d) any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of the relevant Meeting. 
 
Article 13 
Voting by show of hands 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by show of hands and in 
case of equality of votes the Chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in addition 
to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be entitled as a Noteholder or as a holder of a Voting Certificate or 
as a Proxy Holder. If before the vote by show of hands the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more Voters (whatever 
the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented by them) participating to the Meeting, request to vote 
by poll pursuant to Article 14 below the question shall be voted on in compliance with the provisions of Article 
14. No request to vote by poll shall hinder the continuation of the Meeting in relation to the other items on the 
agenda.

--- Page 307 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
307 
Unless a poll is validly requested, the Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been 
passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be conclusive, without 
proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
Article 14  
Voting by poll 
Whenever it is not possible to approve a resolution by show of hands in accordance with Article 13 or a demand 
for a poll has been validly made by the Chairman or Voter(s) pursuant to Article 13 above, voting shall be carried 
out by poll. Such vote may be taken immediately or after any adjournment is directed by the Chairman. 
The Chairman sets the rules for voting by poll, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may set a time 
limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the rules set by the Chairman 
shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and after the counting the Chairman shall 
announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
Article 15 
Votes 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
one vote, when voting by a show of hands; and 
 
(b) 
the number of votes obtained by dividing (i) that fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Note(s) of any Series represented or held by such Voter by (ii) the lowest denomination of 
the Notes of such Series, when voting by poll. 
Unless the terms of any Proxy or a Voting Certificate state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all 
the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the same manner. 
In the case of a voting tie, the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
No voting rights shall be exercisable in respect of the Notes held by the Issuer, unless the Issuer holds the entire 
issued and outstanding Notes of any Series, in which case the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise its voting rights 
in respect of the Notes of such Series, in accordance with these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
Article 16 
Voting by Proxy or Voting Certificate 
Revocation of the appointment under a Proxy or a Voting Certificate shall be valid only if the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder or the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes or the Chairman is notified in writing of such 
revocation not later than 24 hours prior to the time set for the Meeting. Unless revoked, the appointment to vote 
contained in a Proxy or a Voting Certificate for a Meeting shall remain valid also in relation to a Meeting resumed 
following an adjournment, unless such Meeting was adjourned pursuant to Article 9 above. If a Meeting is 
adjourned pursuant to Article 9 above, each person appointed to vote in such Meeting shall have to be appointed 
again by virtue of another Proxy or Voting Certificate. 
The Proxy shall be signed by the person granting the Proxy, shall not be granted in blank, and shall bear the date, 
the name of the person appointed to vote, and the related Proxies. If, in relation to any given resolution, there is 
no indication of how the right to vote is to be exercised, then such vote shall be deemed to be an abstention from 
voting on such proposed resolution. 
Article 17 
Powers of the Meeting 
A Meeting shall have the power, without prejudice to any powers conferred on its participants or any other person, 
to approve the matters set out in Article 18 below (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution only) and to consider 
any other matters proposed to the Meeting for review by the relevant Noteholders or the Issuer.

--- Page 308 ---
Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes 
308 
Article 18 
Power exercisable by Extraordinary Resolutions 
The Meeting shall in addition to the powers hereinbefore given have the following powers exercisable only by 
Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to quorum contained in Article 8 above) namely: 
(a) 
power to sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders;   
(b) 
power to sanction any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect of the rights 
of the Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its property whether such rights shall arise 
under these presents or otherwise;   
(c) 
power to assent to any modification of the provisions of these presents which shall be proposed by 
the Issuer or any Noteholder;   
(d) 
power to give any authority or sanction which under the provisions of these presents is required to 
be given by Extraordinary Resolution;   
(e) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to 
represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon such committee or committees any 
powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary 
Resolution; and  
(f) 
power to sanction any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for or the conversion 
of the Notes into or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other 
company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or 
in consideration of such shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other 
obligations and/or securities as aforesaid and partly for or into or in consideration of cash. 
Article 19 
Challenge of Resolution 
Any absent or dissenting Noteholder has the right to challenge resolutions which are not passed in compliance with 
the provisions of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders or Italian laws and regulation or the Issuer's by-
laws in force from time to time. 
Article 20 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting. The Minutes shall be signed by the 
Chairman and kept in a register at the offices of the Issuer and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 309 ---
Use of Proceeds 
309 
Use of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
a. 
for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit; or 
b. 
as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to the 
issuance, including, without limitation, to be applied towards Eligible Projects/Green Projects (Green 
Bonds), Eligible Projects/Social Projects (Social Bonds) or a financing or re-financing of any 
combination of each of the Eligible Projects/Green Projects or Eligible Projects/Social Projects 
(Sustainability Bonds). 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Projects/Green Projects or Eligible 
Projects/Social Projects, as the case may be, and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other 
criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time, the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework) and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be 
available in the investor relations section of the Issuer’s website at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu, will be 
classified as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. 
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion from an external environmental, social and corporate governance 
research and analysis provider to confirm the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework’s alignment with the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines and 
which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor relations section of the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.unicreditgroup.eu (the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion).  
Eligible Projects/Green Projects and Eligible Projects/Social Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) 
selected by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with the project evaluation and selection process set out in 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, which may change from time to time. Recognising that the green, 
social and sustainable bond market and best practices are still evolving, the Issuer will strive to monitor market 
developments and, when deemed necessary in the Issuer’s sole discretion, make appropriate updates to the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework in order to reflect best market practice.  
Decisions relating to the choice and financing of Eligible Projects/Green Projects and Eligible Projects/Social 
Projects will be made by a specific panel of the Issuer comprising senior management representatives of products, 
business lines and competence lines, with the support of specific working groups of the Issuer composed of experts 
on social and environmental topics and of further business and competence lines representatives.  
The allocation of proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds will be managed and 
monitored by specific working groups of the Issuer according to the applicable specific Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds procedures, including the tracking of investments in selected eligible assets in a 
specific sustainability bond register.  
The Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework provides that any proceeds of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds that are not yet allocated to Eligible Projects/Green Projects and Eligible Projects/Social 
Projects will be held in accordance with the Issuer’s usual liquidity management policy (including treasury 
liquidity portfolio, cash, time deposit with banks or other form of available short term).  
The Issuer will make available annually a sustainability bond allocation and impact report which will describe the 
use of proceeds and adherence to the green, social or sustainable terms set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework, including information on certain key environmental indicators. The report will generally be available 
on the Issuer’s website at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu for so long as the Issuer has Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds outstanding. 
The Issuer will monitor the investments of the proceeds allocated to eligible assets through the review of external 
auditors. In particular, the external auditors will verify the consistency of the impact and allocation report until 
the maturity of the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Bond.

--- Page 310 ---
Use of Proceeds 
310 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds  and in particular with any Eligible Projects/Green Projects and 
Eligible Projects/Social Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion or certification (including the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework Second-party Opinion) nor the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework are, nor shall be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification (including the 
Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) nor the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework 
are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion or certification 
(including the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) is only current as at the date that 
opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification (including the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework Second-party Opinion) 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective 
investors in any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above 
headed “Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds”, or “Sustainability Bonds” may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets”. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Eligible Projects/Green Projects means projects identified as such in and selected in accordance with the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework in effect at the time of the relevant issuance, belonging to the following 
categories: renewable energy, clean transportation, green buildings, pollution prevention and control and 
sustainable water and wastewater management. 
Eligible Projects/Social Projects means projects identified as such in and selected in accordance with the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework in effect at the time of the relevant issuance, belonging to the following 
categories: healthcare, social assistance, affordable housing, support to disadvantaged areas, education, social 
impact banking.

--- Page 311 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
311 
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
 
1. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
1.1 
History and development of the Issuer  
UniCredit (formerly UniCredito Italiano S.p.A.) and the UniCredit Group of which UniCredit is the parent 
company are the result of the October 1998 business combination between the Credito Italiano national 
commercial banking group (established in 1870 with the name Banca di Genova) and UniCredito S.p.A. 
(at the time the holding company owning a controlling interest in Banca CRT (Banca Cassa di Risparmio 
di Torino S.p.A.), CRV (Cassa di Risparmio di Verona Vicenza Belluno e Ancona Banca S.p.A.) and 
Cassamarca (Cassa di Risparmio della Marca Trivigiana S.p.A.). 
Since its formation, the Group has grown in Italy and Eastern Europe through both organic growth and 
acquisitions, consolidating its role in relevant sectors outside Europe and strengthening its international 
network. 
Such expansion has been characterised, in particular: 
• 
by the business combination with HypoVereinsbank, realised through a public tender offer 
launched in summer 2005 by UniCredit to acquire the control over Bayerische Hypo- and 
Vereinsbank AG (HVB) - subsequently renamed UniCredit Bank AG (and then renamed to 
UniCredit Bank GmbH) - and its subsidiaries, such as Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG, 
subsequently renamed "UniCredit Bank Austria AG" (BA or Bank Austria). At the conclusion 
of the offer perfected during 2005, UniCredit acquired a shareholding for an amount equal to 
93.93 per cent. of the registered share capital and voting rights of HVB. On 15 September 2008, 
the squeeze-out of HVB's minority shareholders, resolved upon by the bank's shareholders' 
meeting in June 2007, was registered with the Commercial Register of Munich. Therefore, the 
HVB shares held by the minority shareholders - equal to 4.55 per cent. of the share capital of the 
company - were transferred to UniCredit by operation of law and HVB became a UniCredit 
wholly-owned subsidiary. In summer 2005 UniCredit also conducted an exchange offer for the 
acquisition of all shares of BA not held by HVB at the time. At the conclusion of the offer, the 
Group held 94.98 per cent. of the aggregate share capital of BA. In January 2007, UniCredit, 
which at the time held 96.35 per cent. of the aggregate share capital of BA, including a stake equal 
to 77.53 per cent. transferred to UniCredit by HVB, resolved to commence the procedures to effect 
the squeeze-out of the minority shareholders of BA. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
UniCredit's interest in BA is equal to 99.996 per cent.; and 
• 
by the business combination with Capitalia S.p.A. (Capitalia), the holding company of the 
Capitalia banking group (the Capitalia Group), realised through a merger by way of 
incorporation of Capitalia into UniCredit effective as of 1 October 2007. 
In 2008 the squeeze outs43 of the ordinary BA and HVB shares held by minority shareholders were 
completed. 
Proceedings as to the adequacy of the squeeze-out price and in relation to the challenge to the relevant 
shareholders' resolutions promoted by certain BA and HVB shareholders are still pending. For more details 
please see section “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” of this Base Prospectus. 
UniCredit S.p.A. shares are listed on the Milan, Frankfurt and Warsaw regulated markets, respectively on 
the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (Euronext Milan), on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, segment General Standard, 
and on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
 
43 The squeeze out is the process whereby a pool of shareholders owning at a certain amount of a listed company's shares (in Germany 
95 per cent., and in Austria 90 per cent.) exercises its right to "squeeze out" the remaining minority of shareholders from the company 
paying them an adequate compensation.

--- Page 312 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
312 
UniCredit has adopted, ever since its incorporation, the traditional governance model, which is the default 
option envisaged by Italian law for corporations. 
The UniCredit Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held on 27 October 2023, resolved to adopt the one-
tier corporate governance system, in lieu of the traditional model, which provides for the appointment 
within the Board of Directors of an Audit Committee performing control functions, in place of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors, effective upon the renewal of the corporate bodies resolved by the 12 April 2024 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
*** 
Recent Developments 
• 
On 11 April 2024, UniCredit announced that it has received ECB authorization for the execution of the 
remainder of the 2023 share buy-back programme for a maximum of Euro 3,085 million. 
The approval was based on financial information provided by UniCredit that demonstrated robust 
capital and a resilient model in stress scenarios. 
The first tranche of the 2023 share buy-back - in an amount of Euro 2,500 million - was concluded on 
7 March 2024. 
Together with the proposed dividend this leads to a total 2023 distribution of Euro 8.6 billion: an 
increase of circa Euro 3.35 billion versus 2022. 
Proforma for this distribution UniCredit's CET1 ratio is 15.9 per cent. as at 2023 year-end. 
This underlines UniCredit's commitment to attractive and sustainable shareholder returns while 
maintaining strong capital and underpins the UniCredit's confidence in delivering ongoing attractive 
shareholder returns and creating long term value. 
The buy-back programme and, as well as the dividend for a maximum of Euro 3,015 million were 
approved by shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting convened on 12 April 2024. Please refer to the 
UniCredit website for further details on it. 
Due to black-out period restrictions, the share buy-back is expected to commence as soon as possible 
following first quarter 2024 financial results released on 7 May 2024, subject to market conditions. 
1.1.1. 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is "UniCredit, società per azioni", in short "UniCredit 
S.p.A.". 
1.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number and legal entity identifier ('LEI') 
UniCredit is registered with the Company Register of Milano Monza Brianza Lodi under registration 
number 00348170101. UniCredit is also registered with the National Register of Banks; it is the parent 
company of the UniCredit Group registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to Article 64 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended (the Italian 
Banking Act) under number 02008.1; and it is a member of the National Interbank Deposit Guarantee 
Fund (Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi) and of the National Compensation Fund (Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 549300TRUWO2CD2G5692. 
1.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer, except where the period is indefinite 
UniCredit is a joint stock company established in Genoa, Italy, by way of a private deed dated 28 April 
1870 with a duration until 31 December 2100. 
1.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and website of the Issuer

--- Page 313 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
313 
UniCredit is a joint stock company established in Italy and operating under Italian law. The Registered 
and Head Offices of the Issuer are located in Milan, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 — Tower A. UniCredit's 
telephone number is +39 02 88 621, and UniCredit's website is www.unicreditgroup.eu. The information 
on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
UniCredit, in carrying out its activities, is subject to both the Italian provisions (e.g. to the provisions on 
anti-money laundering, transparency and fairness in customer relations, usury, consumer protection, 
labour law, safety at the workplace and privacy laws) and European provisions as well as to the 
supervision of various Authorities, each for their respective areas of competence. In particular, UniCredit 
is subject to the provisions contained in the Supervisory Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy and, as 
a significant bank, to the direct prudential supervision of the European Central Bank. 
BRRD and SRMR 
With regard to the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer, it is noted the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree 180 
and 181 of 16 November 2015 (BRRD) as amended by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) and 
implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (published in the Gazzetta 
Ufficiale on 30 November 2021). The Issuer is also subject to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation or 
SRM Regulation as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (SRMR II) and applying from 28 December 2020) which 
sets out uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms 
under the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) and the Single Resolution Fund. The SRM and BRRD 
enable a range of resolution tools and powers to be used in relation to credit institutions and investment 
firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
Such instruments and powers include the possibility of applying the "bail-in", i.e. the power to reduce, 
with the possibility of cancellation, the nominal value of shares and the write-down of receivables due 
from the bank with their conversion into shares. The aim of the bail-in is to absorb losses and recapitalize 
the failing bank in order to ensure the continuity of its critical economic functions, protecting financial 
stability and minimizing losses to the taxpayer, while still ensuring that no creditor suffers greater losses 
than if the bank had been liquidated under normal insolvency proceedings. 
In the context of the bail-in, losses may be transferred, following a priority order and net of the exclusions 
provided for by the regulations, to shareholders, holders of subordinated debt securities, holders of senior 
non preferred securities, holders of not subordinated and unsecured debt securities, other unsecured 
creditors and, finally, depositors for the portion exceeding the guaranteed portion, i.e. for the portion 
exceeding Euro 100,000.00 per depositor. 
Furthermore, if the conditions are met, the Authorities may request the use of the Single Resolution Fund 
referred to in the SRMR, financed by contributions paid by banks.  
In the framework of the SRMR and BRRD, the centralized decision-making power for resolution is 
entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (SRB). In addition, the SRB cooperates closely with the national 
resolution authorities of Member States that are parties to the Banking Union. The national resolution 
authorities of Member States are empowered to implement the resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. 
In such a context, it is worth mentioning that on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a 
legislative proposal on the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance (CMDI) framework. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals that would amend existing EU legislation: the BRRD, the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme Directive (DGSD) and the SRMR. New aspects of the framework could include: i) 
expanding the scope of resolution through a revision of the public interest assessment to include a 
regional impact so more eurozone banks could be brought into the resolution framework, ii) the use of 
deposit guarantee schemes to help banks, especially the small ones, to meet a key threshold for bearing 
losses of 8 per cent. of their own funds and liabilities, which then allows them to have access to the Single 
Resolution Fund, also funded by bank contributions, and help sell the problem banks’ assets and fund 
their exit from the market, iii) amending the hierarchy of claims in insolvency and scrapping the “super-
preference” of the DGS to put all deposits on equal pegging in an insolvency, but still above ordinary

--- Page 314 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
314 
unsecured creditors with the aim of enabling the use of DGS funds in measures other than pay out of 
covered deposits without violating the least cost test. The proposal will need to be agreed by the Member 
States and the European Parliament, a process which could take one year if they aim to finalise it before 
the current European Commission’s mandate ends in spring 2024. 
The BRRD also introduced requirements for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount 
of own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, 
MREL). From 1 January 2022, the Issuer has to comply on a consolidated basis with a binding target for 
MREL (including a subordinated component i.e., to be met with subordinated instruments) received from 
the Single Resolution Board and the Bank of Italy, which became fully loaded from 1 January 2024. 
CRR and CRD  
The Issuer shall comply with the revised global regulatory standards (Basel III) on bank capital adequacy 
and liquidity. The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking 
requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the CRD IV Directive) and the Regulation 2013/575/EU (the CRR, together with the 
CRD IV Directive, the CRD IV Package) subsequently updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (the Banking Reform Package with CRR II and CRD V). According to 
Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following Own Funds requirements: (i) a 
CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 
8 per cent.; and (iv) a Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of the CRD, 
these minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
(a) Capital conservation buffer, institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, capital buffers for 
globally systemically important institutions (G-SIIs); (b) capital buffers for other systemically important 
institutions (O-SIIs), Systemic risk buffer; and (c) a systemic risk buffer (SyRB) each Member State may 
introduce in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not 
covered by the other capital requirements set out in the CRD V Directive (as defined below). 
In October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted regulations establishing the single 
supervisory mechanism (the Single Supervisory Mechanism or SSM) for all banks in the Euro area, 
which have, beginning in November 2014, given the ECB, in conjunction with the national competent 
authorities of the eurozone States, direct supervisory responsibility over "significant banks" in the 
Banking Union as well as their subsidiaries in a participating non-euro area Member State. The ECB has 
fully assumed its new supervisory responsibilities of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group. 
On 7 June 2019, the legal acts “Risk Reduction Measures Package” regarding the banking sector have 
been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the 
BRRD and to SRMR, (i) the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(CRR II) amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and (ii) the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (CRD V Directive) amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures. The revisions better align the current regulatory framework to 
international developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions.  
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V 
Directive was to be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions 
which will be applicable subsequently. CRD V Directive has been implemented in Italy by the Legislative 
Decree No. 182/2021. The BRRD II has been implemented in Italy by the Legislative Decree No. 
193/2021, which provides for, among other measures: 
- 
the determination of a minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities (Article 12-ter of the 
Italian Banking Act) issued by credit institutions and investment firms: 
1. 
Euro 200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities;

--- Page 315 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
315 
2. 
Euro 150,000 for senior non-preferred debt instruments (“strumenti di debito chirografario 
di secondo livello”); 
- 
the nullity of contracts entered into with non-professional investors (relating to investment 
services having as their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking 
Act issued after 1 December 2021 (or equivalent instruments when issued by subjects having their 
registered office in a third country, under certain conditions) that do not respect the minimum unit 
value (Article 25-quater of the Financial Services Act); 
- 
the elimination of the ban on the placement of senior non-preferred debt instruments with non-
qualified investors (Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 193/2021), subject to the abovementioned 
provisions. 
Moreover, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of the 
models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum 
capital requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called 
"output floor" (setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models 
equal, when fully implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised 
methods). The main purpose is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new 
framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework 
for credit risk and operational risk was completed in December 2017. 
The European Commission, published on 27 October 2021 the Banking Package 2021, which includes 
the proposals for the final implementation of Basel 3 in the European Union through a legislative package 
introducing amendments to Capital Requirements Regulation 2013/575/EU (CRR), to the Directive 
2013/36/UE (Capital Requirements Directive), and also a proposal to amend the Capital Requirements 
Regulation in the area of resolution (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). In June 2023, the EU Council 
and the European Parliament found a provisional agreement on the revisions to the Commission proposal. 
In line with the Basel standards, the EU Co-legislators agreed in restricting the usage of internal models 
for measuring credit risk on some specific portfolios and to return to a more stringent standardised 
approach as well as to eliminate internal models for operational risks. They also agreed to introduce the 
output floor, applied at all levels of consolidation (including “solo” level). The agreement shows that the 
Co-Legislators have taken into account some important European specificities that could mitigate the 
impact on the sector. In addition to the implementation of the Basel standards, part of the legislative 
package also aims to strengthen the resilience of the banking sector to environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) risks and to improve the Fit and Proper assessment framework. Due to the complexity 
of such technical discussions, the banking package is expected to be published in 2Q24 (May or June). 
The CRRIII will enter into force 20 days after publication in the EU Official Journal; some provisions 
will be applicable from such date. The majority of the CRRIII provisions will be applied starting from 1 
January 2025, with certain elements of the Regulation phasing in over the years. Member States shall 
adopt and publish the CRDVI measures by 18 months from the date of entry into force and they shall 
apply those provisions from one day after its transposition date. On 26 September 2023, the EBA 
published its second mandatory Basel III monitoring report based on data as of 31 December 2022 from 
a sample of 157 banks. A separate annex to the report also includes the impact of the proposals for the 
EU implementation of Basel III under the banking package. Based on the content of the package agreed 
so far, at Euro 0.6 billion of additional Tier 1 capital required for the entire EU banking sector, the 
estimated capital shortfall to comply with the Basel III reform has been practically eliminated. 
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 
(Circular 285) was amended in order to provide, inter alia, the introduction of:  
i. 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) for banks and 
banking groups authorised in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk buffer 
of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks 
not otherwise covered with the macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRR, the anti-
cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic 
risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more 
subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and

--- Page 316 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
316 
ii. 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called 
“borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at 
European level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the 
real estate market and from high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
Following a public consultation procedure, on 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy decided to apply a SyRB 
of 1.0 per cent. of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risks. 
The SyRB applies to all banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. The buffer rate is imposed 
gradually: 0.5 per cent. by 31 December 2024, and 1 per cent. (full rate) by 30 June 2025. The SyRB is 
to be applied at the highest level of consolidation for banking groups. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the amendments introduced 
to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
i. 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective and 
the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities may 
require banks to hold; and 
ii. 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive 
leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 
Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing exposures within 
adequate levels, worth mentioning are the followings: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance 
contains recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, processes and objectives regarding the 
effective management of the exposures. The guidance addresses all NPEs, as well as foreclosed assets, 
and also touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as 
“watch-list” exposures and performing forborne exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need 
to establish a strategy to optimize their management of NPLs based on a self-assessment of the internal 
capabilities to effectively manage NPLs; the external conditions and operating environment; and the 
impaired portfolios specifications.  
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out 
supervisory expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to NPEs after 1 
April 2018 (the ECB Addendum). In addition, the ECB's supervisory expectations for individual banks 
for the provisioning of the stock of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from these 
prudential provisioning expectations with institutions as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning 
of new non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of the 
new EU regulation of that Banking Reform Package which makes further changes to the Pillar I treatment 
for NPEs (in revisions to the Capital Requirements Regulation known as CRR II). 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the 
European Commission’s requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). The above-mentioned guidelines result 
in three “buckets” of NPEs based on the date of the exposure’s origination and the date of NPE’s 
classification: 
• 
NPEs classified before 1 April 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as 
communicated in SREP letters;

--- Page 317 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
317 
• 
NPEs originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable property, progressive 
path to 100 per cent.; and 
• 
NPEs originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable property, progressive 
path to 100 per cent. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published 
by the European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four 
policy actions: the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the 
development of secondary markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 31 October 
2018: the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place 
to manage effectively their NPEs and to substantially reduce the presence of NPEs on the balance sheet. 
Only for credit institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per cent., EBA asked to introduce strategies, 
in order to achieve a reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 17 December 
2018: in force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform 
disclosure formats applicable to credit institutions' public disclosure of information regarding non-
performing exposures, forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures: the Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the non-
performing exposures where the exposure was originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction 
from Own Funds where NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The 
Regulation purpose is to encourage a timely and proactive management of the NPEs. The prudential 
treatment is applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) 
exposures secured by immovable collateral and residential loans guaranteed by an eligible protection 
provider as defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as NPE; and (iii) secured 
exposures, from the seventh year after the classification as NPE. The Regulation outlines the convergence 
process to its full application to secured and unsecured exposures classified as NPEs for less than 3/7/9 
years. 
Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral (COM/2018/0135): On 20 
October, the European Parliament’s plenary approved the final text of the Directive aimed at achieving 
the development of secondary markets for NPLs in the EU’s markets standardizing the regulatory regime 
for credit servicers and credit purchasers. The second part of the Directive aimed at a better management 
of NPLs by increasing the efficiency of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct 
common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE) is still put on hold.  
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA on 
23 October 2019: the Opinion recommends adapting the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 
(Securitisation Regulation) to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints 
imposed by the regulatory framework on credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of 
NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the Commission, EBA outlines the fact that the securitisations 
can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger rate than 
otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence of securitisations’ structure in tranches 
of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more diverse investor pool with a 
different risk appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of 
non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different 
risk weights to senior tranche) in order to promote the economic recovery after the COVID-19 crisis. The 
new measures - through the Regulation (EU) 2021/557 amending the Securitisation Regulation and the 
Regulation (EU) 2021/558 amending the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 (CRR) - entered into force on 9 
April 2021.

--- Page 318 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
318 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. 
More in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ balance sheets, the Commission 
proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets for distressed 
assets (in particular call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the 
recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used 
during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) Reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; 
(iii) Support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; (iv) 
Introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the 
real economy under the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and State aid frameworks. 
Measures to support the economy  
• 
In August 2022 the Council of Ministers approved the “Aiuti Bis” Decree (Decree Law 9 August 
2022, No. 115 converted into Law 21 September 2022, No. 142) aimed at supporting companies 
and families to address the effects of the energy crisis and the ongoing conflict. Below the main 
measures of interest contained in the decree: 
• 
Implementing liquidity through the simplification of tax credits’ assignment: the measure has 
the aim of giving a stable framework regarding the tax credit’s assignment from banks to 
transferees. It provides that transferee's liability is limited only to cases of involvement in violation 
with wilful misconduct and gross negligence. Such clarity allows banks to make easier tax credits’ 
assignment. 
In February 2023 the Council of Ministers approved the Law Decree 16 February n. 11, converted into 
Law 11 April 2023 n. 38 (the “Superbonus – Crediti Fiscali” Decree) which introduces urgent 
measures on tax credit assignment (provided for in art. 121 Decree Law 19 May 2020, n. 34).  
Below the main measures of interest contained in the decree: 
• 
prohibition of the exercise of the tax credit transfer options and the discount on the invoice for 
building bonuses (Super Bonus and other transferable building bonuses) from 17 February 2023 
(with some exceptions); 
• 
exclusion of the involvement in the violation (and therefore of joint and several liability) for assignee 
who have acquired the credit and are in possession of the documentation needed to demonstrate the 
effectiveness of the works carried out (the liability in case of fraud remains); 
• 
possibility of using in 10 equal annual instalments (at the request of the supplier or transferee) the 
tax credits (superbonus and other building bonuses) deriving from the communications sent to the 
ADE by 31 March 2023. For the superbonus expenses incurred in 2022, the deduction can be 
divided, at the request of the taxpayer, into 10 equal annual instalments starting from the 2023 tax 
period; 
• 
possibility for banks, financial intermediaries, and insurance companies (with no more tax capacity) 
to use the superbonus tax credits purchased to subscribe to BTPs, with a duration of at least 10 years, 
within the limit of 10 per cent. of the annual quota exceeding the tax credits already compensated. 
This solution is limited to credits relating to interventions carried out up to 31 December 2022, and 
will be adoptable by BTP issues carried out starting from 1 January 2028; 
• 
possibility of making the communication for the exercise of the option in the manner and within the 
terms of the so-called "remissione in bonis" (by 30 November 2023 with a fine of Euro 250), if the 
transfer contract has not been concluded by 31 March 2023 and the transfer is carried out in favour 
of banks, financial intermediaries or companies belonging to a banking group (the measure expired 
on 4 April 2024. See below – Superbonus Decree); 
• 
extension of the exclusion ex lege from joint liability between the transferor and transferee to all 
transferees (not only current account holders), who purchase tax credits from a bank or from a 
company of a banking group which have to issue a statement concerning the possession of credit 
verification documents.

--- Page 319 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
319 
In October 2023 the Council of Ministers approved the Law Decree 18 October 2023 n. 145, converted 
into Law 15 December 2023, n. 191 (Fiscal Decree) which contains urgent measures in economic and 
fiscal matters, in favour of local entities, to protect employment and for non-deferrable needs.  
In the Fiscal Decree a provision relating to the SMEs Central Guarantee Fund (FCG) regulation has been 
introduced. The measures, that will be operative only for 2024 provides for: 
• 
Maximum guaranteed amount for single enterprise (both SMEs and MID CAPs): 5 million  
• 
Redefinition of coverage percentages for SMEs based on the operation purpose (financing for 
liquidity needs: 55 per cent. guarantee for businesses in 1 and 2 risk bands; 60 per cent. guarantee 
for businesses in 3 and 4 risk bands - financing of investment needs: 80 per cent. guarantee for all 
risk bands - financial operations relating to SMEs in the start-up phase: 80 per cent. guarantee for 
any need). 
• 
Free guarantee for micro-enterprises.  
• 
MID CAPs back into FCG (companies with more than 250 and up to 499 employees, considering 
association and connection with other companies) in case of direct guarantee with different 
coverage percentages: 30 per cent. for liquidity and 40 per cent. for investments  
• 
Possibility for Third Sector entities to access to the FCG - provided they are registered in the Single 
National Register of the Third Sector - for financial operations of amounts not exceeding 60,000 
and without applying the evaluation model. 
• 
Basket Bond (bonds issued by companies with up to 499 employees): reduction of the minimum 
amount of the single bond included in portfolio (from 2,000,000 to 500,000).  
In October 2023 the Council of Ministers also approved Law 30 December 2023 n. 213 (the Budget Law 
2024) containing several measures in favor of enterprises among which: 
• 
the authorization of an additional expenditure of 100,000,000 for 2024 to ensure continuity of the 
measures to support productive investments by micro-enterprises and SMEs (Nuova Sabatini); 
• 
the possibility for SACE - until 31 December 2029 - to issue guarantees linked to investments in 
certain sectors of strategic interest. These guarantees: 
o 
can be issued in favor of entities identified as implementing partners within the InvestEU 
program or in favor of banks, national and international financial institutions; 
o 
can concern financing, in any form, including portfolios of financing, granted to companies 
with registered office in Italy (and to companies with registered office abroad with a 
permanent establishment in Italy) other than SMEs and companies in difficulty; 
o 
can be granted following a preliminary assessment by SACE carried out in line with the best 
practices of the banking and insurance sector; 
o 
are granted for a maximum of 25 years and a coverage percentage not exceeding 70 per cent. 
(60 per cent. if issued in relation to sureties, guarantees and other signature commitments, 
which companies are required to provide for the execution of public contracts and the 
disbursement of contractual advances; 50 per cent. in the case of subordinate exposures). For 
guarantees on loan portfolios, the maximum coverage percentage of each tranche - even with 
asymmetric percentages between tranches - is equal to 50 per cent. (100 per cent. if no more 
than 50 per cent. of each loan is included in the tranche, without prejudice to the fact that for 
the "junior" or "mezzanine" tranches the relative thickness cannot in any case exceed 15 per 
cent. of the overall amount of the portfolio and the maximum coverage percentage is equal 
to 50 per cent.). 
The Budget Law also contains a measure regarding the bank financing for reconstruction in territories 
affected by floods. If the contributions to be paid exceed a certain amount, the measure provides for the 
possibility of disbursing these contributions in the form of subsidized loans granted by credit institutions 
- operating in Emilia-Romagna, Tuscany and Marche (maximum duration of 25 years and up to a 
maximum limit of Euro 700 million). The beneficiary of the loan accrues a tax credit, which can be used 
exclusively as compensation, in an amount equal, for each repayment deadline, to the amount obtained 
by adding the interest due to the principal amount and the expenses necessary for the management of the 
same loans.

--- Page 320 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
320 
In January 2024 the Council of Ministers approved the Law Decree 2 February 2024 n. 9 (DL “Ilva 
BIS”) containing urgent measures to protect the related industries of large strategic companies - such as 
Acciaierie d'Italia - in extraordinary administration. The decree law - merged into the Law Decree 18 
January 2024, n. 4 converted into law 15 March 2024 n. 28 (DL "Ex Ilva”) – provides for a special FCG 
guarantee in favor of micro enterprises and SMEs that have difficulty in accessing credit due to the 
worsening of the debt position of large strategic companies, admitted to the extraordinary administration 
procedure. The guarantee is granted - until the closure of the extraordinary administration procedure - 
free of charge, with a coverage percentage of 80 per cent. in the case of direct guarantee (both for liquidity 
and investment needs) and 90 per cent. in the case of reinsurance. Companies in band 5 can also benefit 
from such guarantee. To access the guarantee, micro-enterprises and SMEs must have produced - in the 
last 5 financial years preceding the request - at least 35 per cent. of their turnover towards the company 
subjected to extraordinary administration procedure. 
In March 2024 the Council of Ministers approved the Law Decree 29 March 2024 n. 39 (DL 
“Superbonus”) which introduces urgent measures regarding tax bonuses. The Decree must be converted 
into Law by the end of May. Below are the main measures of interest included in the Decree: 
• 
further limits to the possibility of transferring the superbonus and other building bonuses. From the 
entry into force of the decree (30 March 2024) the possibility of transfer is blocked for: 
o 
condominiums and individuals for interventions relating to Superbonus and other building 
bonuses for work already carried out, without expenses incurred and documented, even if the 
documents necessary for the transfer have been presented by 16 February 2023; 
o 
interventions carried out by Autonomous Institute of Public Housing (IACP), housing 
cooperatives, non-profit organisations, voluntary organisations, social promotion associations 
(Third Sector); 
o 
interventions carried out by individuals in relation to properties damaged by seismic events 
(in the territories where - from 1 April 2009 - state of emergency was declared), as well as in 
relation to properties damaged by floods (in the territories where - from 15 September 2022 - 
state of emergency was declared); 
o 
interventions carried out by condominiums and individuals (with income up to 15,000 Euro) 
for interventions related to the Architectural Barrier Bonus. 
In these cases, the transfer of the accrued fiscal bonuses is still permitted only at certain conditions 
established in the DL “Superbonus”. 
• 
The transfer is permitted for reconstruction interventions carried out on properties damaged by 
seismic events which occurred in the regions of Abruzzo, Lazio, Marche and Umbria (occurred on 
6 April 2009 and from 24 August 2016 on). 
• 
From 4 April 2024 it will no longer be possible to use the so called “remission in bonis” for the 
credit transfer. 
• 
Elimination of the possibility of making a second transfer of the ACE credit. The transferee is also 
jointly and severally liable due to any violation. 
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE 
Finally, it is worth mentioning the developments in the Sustainable Finance area. The banking system 
needs to be able to collect high quality data on companies' sustainable activities and projects to contribute 
to the radical transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, which are the basis for green 
finance decision-making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall comply with the regulations on the 
disclosure of financial and non-financial information.  
In May 2018, the European Commission published a package of legislative measures in order to promote 
a sustainable finance based on three building blocks that included: i) a classification system, or 
“sustainable taxonomy”, ii) a disclosure framework relating to sustainable risks and iii) investment tools, 
including benchmarks, standards and labels.

--- Page 321 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
321 
Taxonomy. The final text of the Taxonomy Regulation has been adopted by the European Parliament 
and Council and was subsequently published in the OJ in 2020. The Taxonomy Regulation is a 
classification system intended to address greenwashing and provide a tool to direct finance towards 
sustainable investments. The regulatory framework outlines definitions and specific criteria (technical 
screening criteria) to determine whether an economic activity can be classified as environmentally 
sustainable. 
The level II timeline to determine the specific technical screening criteria is progressing with criteria for 
the first two environmental objectives (climate change mitigation and adaptation) now adopted and 
applicable from 1 January 2022. The remaining four objectives – sustainable use and protection of water 
and marine resources, transition to circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection 
and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems – were adopted by the EC in June 2023, and apply from 
January 2024.  
On 15 July, the Taxonomy Complementary Delegated Act covering gas and nuclear related activities 
was published in the OJ of the EU and will enter into force twenty days after the publication. The 
Delegated Act is applicable from 1 January 2023. 
Taxonomy Extension. In July 2021, the Platform on Sustainable Finance published a consultation paper 
on ‘Taxonomy extension options linked to environmental objectives’; and a draft report on ‘Social 
Taxonomy’. The consultation paper asked feedback on the possibility to extend the EU Taxonomy to 
significantly harmful (SH) activities and no significant impact (NSI) activities and if this would fall 
within the overall framework of EU sustainable finance. The final report on a Social Taxonomy which 
looks at how to implement a social Taxonomy as well as how to make the two Taxonomies (social and 
environmental) work together was formally published by the Platform on 28 February 2022. The Finale 
Report on the extension of the Taxonomy to significantly harmful (SH) activities, intermediate activities 
and no significant impact (NSI) activities was published on 28 March 2022. The Commission is expected 
to assess the two reports in due time and decide whether to put forward a legislative proposal on both 
Social and Extended Taxonomy. 
On 9 December 2019 has been published Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related 
disclosures in the financial services sector (the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation or SFDR), 
which lays down harmonised rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on 
transparency. The SFDR entered into force from March 2021, but the EC was mandated to adopt 
regulatory technical standards regarding the ESG disclosure requirements. The three ESAs (EBA, EIOPA 
and ESMA) published their report in February 2021 which was finally adopted by the EC in April 2022 
and are applicable from January 2023.  
On 14 September 2023 the Commission published a targeted consultation to seek feedback on the SFDR 
from industry and other stakeholders, running until 15 December 2023. The consultation was aimed to 
assess the current requirement and also to explore potential changes to disclosures and the possible 
creation of a product categorization system. 
The Corporate Sustainable Reporting Directive (CSRD), published by the Commission on 21 April 2021, 
finally approved in December 2022 (with publication in the OJ), will review the existing Non-Financial 
Reporting Directive (NFRD) to reinforce disclosure obligations through mandatory reporting standards 
while broadening the application scope. The Directive proposes: 
1. an extension of scope to all large companies, all listed companies (except listed micro enterprises), 
non- EU companies with branches or subsidiaries in the EU above certain thresholds-undertakings); 
2. the requirement to specify in greater detail the information that companies should report (e.g., 
information about their strategy, targets, the role of the board and management, principal adverse 
impacts of the undertaking); 
3. the requirement to report against mandatory EU sustainability reporting standards; 
4. the requirement for an EU-wide audit (assurance) requirement for reported sustainability 
information, starting with limited assurance, later reasonable.

--- Page 322 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
322 
The requirement to ensure all information is published as part of the firm’s management report and is 
disclosed in a digital, machine-readable format. 
The CSRD’s new sustainability reporting obligations apply to financial years starting with 1 January 
2024 (reporting in 2025), according to a three stages-timeline.  
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, 
which included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID 2 Regulation. Starting from 
August 2022, the financial advisors are required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients 
and take them into consideration when providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the 
financial institutions are requested to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into 
organizational and operational processes. 
On 6 July 2021, the Commission published its communication on the “Strategy for Financing the 
Transition to a Sustainable Economy” (the Renewed Strategy), which is a complementary strategy to 
the 2018 Sustainable Finance Action Plan. The Renewed Strategy focusses on management of financial 
risk by the financial sector, including a focus on taxonomy and disclosures. It identifies four main areas 
where additional actions are needed for the financial system to fully support the transition of the economy 
towards sustainability namely: i) financing the transition to sustainability (adoption of the Intermediate 
Taxonomy as well as the establishment of “significant harmful” and “non-significant impact” 
taxonomies), ii) inclusiveness (extension of Taxonomy to social objectives. Publication of the 
Sustainable Corporate Governance and definition of green retail loans and green mortgages), iii) financial 
sector resilience and contribution to sustainability (incorporate ESG risk in the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process; regular climate change stress tests) and iv) global ambition. 
Green Bond Standard. Alongside the Renewed Strategy, the Commission published its proposal for an 
EU Green Bond Standard (EU GBS) on 6 July 2021. The Regulation lays down the foundation for a 
common framework of rules regarding the use and designation of EU GBS for bonds that pursue 
environmentally sustainable objectives within the meaning of Taxonomy Regulation. The Regulation is 
mainly aimed at issuers who wish to use the voluntary EU GB standard. The political agreement was 
reached on 28 February 2023. The Regulation entered into force in December 2023 and will apply from 
21 December 2024 with a transition period for certain requirements until 21 June 2026. 
The Regulation also sets up a system for registering and supervising companies that act as external 
reviewers for green bonds aligned with this framework. The negotiations are ongoing both in the 
European Parliament and in the Council. It is expected that the Regulation will be finalized by the end of 
2022. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Act on Article 8 under the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation which requires entities covered by the EU Non-Financial Reporting Directive 
(NFRD) to publish information on how and to what extent their activities are associated with economic 
activities that quality as “environmentally sustainable” under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The 
application of the delegated act for financial institutions is limited in 2022 and 2023 to certain elements, 
while the remaining provision applies from 1 January 2024 (e.g, the Green Asset Ratio). The disclosure 
of the information related with banks’ trading book exposures and fees and commissions for other 
commercial services will apply from 1 January 2026. 
On 25 November 2021, as part of the CMU Action Plan, the Commission published the legislative 
proposal for the establishment of the European Single Access Point (ESAP), aimed to ensure public and 
free access to financial and sustainability-related information across the single market with a view to 
meet investors’ demand. The scope of data accessible via the ESAP will include information published 
by entities under existing EU financial services legislation, with a phased approach The ESAP will enable 
any entity, in particular SMEs, to file relevant information voluntarily. Entities are expected to file the 
information only once to a collection body (for instance the Officially Appointed Mechanisms or an 
existing authority, at national or at European level). All the collection points will enable the ESAP to 
access that information via application programming interfaces (APIs). The European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) will be in charge of building, operating and governing the ESAP. The 
information will be available for free and in data extraction format, with an increasing amount of 
information made machine-readable in the long run. The ESAP legislative package and, namely, 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2859 of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a European 
single access point providing centralized access to publicly available information of relevance to financial 
services, capital markets and sustainability, Directive (EU) 2023/2864 of the European Parliament and

--- Page 323 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
323 
of the Council amending certain Directives as regards the establishment and functioning of the European 
single access point and Regulation (EU) 2023/2869 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
amending certain Regulations as regards the establishment and functioning of the European single access 
point, were published in the European Official Journal of the European Union on 20 December 2023 and 
entered into force on the twentieth day following publication. 
On 23 February 2022, the Commission published a legislative proposal on Corporate Sustainability Due 
Diligence which creates a new obligation of due diligence mandating the management of companies to 
prevent, end or mitigate negative impacts on human rights and the environment stemming from a 
company's own operations, its subsidiaries and their value chains. It applies to all industries and 
companies of a certain size, including from the financial sector. The proposal is currently at the final 
stage of the legislative process. The European Parliament and the Council reached a provisional deal on 
14 December 2023 which excludes financial services (downstream value chain of financial institutions) 
from the due diligence obligations. A watered-down version of the agreement was endorsed by the EU 
Ambassadors (COREPER I) and the EU Parliament Committee in charge of the file in March 2023. The 
interinstitutional agreement on the CSDDD was endorsed by the Parliament plenary session on 24 April 
2024. 
On 24 January 2022, the EBA published their final drafts on the implementing technical standards (ITS) 
on Pillar 3 disclosures of ESG risks in accordance with Article 449a of the CRR. In defining the ITS, the 
EBA took into consideration the sequential approach followed by the European Commission (EC) for 
the disclosure obligations requested by Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy and proposed the disclosure of a 
Green Asset Ratio (GAR) for the exposures related to the NFRD companies starting from 2024, while it 
introduced a transition period until June 2024 for the disclosure of the Banking Book Taxonomy 
alignment Ratio (BTAR - dedicated to exposures towards SMEs and non-EU counterparties) and for the 
banks’ scope 3 emissions. EBA confirmed that will review the disclosure requirements in 2024 to extend 
them to the other four environmental objectives and to the trading book. On 17 October 2022, the EBA 
accepted the EC’s proposed changes on how BTAR should be disclosed by financial institutions to 
emphasise that: i) credit institutions may choose to disclose the information regarding their exposures 
towards SMEs and non-EU counterparties instead of being required to report on a “best effort basis” and 
ii) that the collection of the information from the counterparties will be on a “voluntary basis” including 
that banks need to inform their counterparties about the voluntary nature of this request of information. 
The final standards were adopted by EC and are applicable as of January 2023. 
On 12 October 2023, the EBA published a report on the role of environmental and social risks in the 
prudential framework of credit institutions and investment firms. Taking a risk-based approach, the report 
recommends targeted enhancements to accelerate the integration of environmental and social risks across 
the Pillar I. In particular, the EBA proposed to: (i) including environmental risk as part of stress testing 
programmes under both the internal ratings-based (IRB) and the internal model approaches (IMA) under 
the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book; (ii) encourage inclusion of environmental and social 
factors as part of external assessment by the credit rating agencies; (iii) encourage the inclusion of 
environmental and social factors as part of the due diligence requirements and evaluation of immovable 
property collateral; (iv) require institutions to identify whether environmental and social factors 
constitute triggers of operational risk losses; and (v) progressively develop environment-related 
concentration risk metrics as part of supervisory reporting. 
DIGITAL FINANCE  
On 24 September 2020, the European Commission published a Digital Finance Package with the main 
aim to support the EU digital transformation of finance while regulating its risks. Four broad priorities 
guide the EU’s initiatives to promote digital transformation until 2024 with associated actions (legislative 
and non-legislative) that the Commission put forward in the next four years. 
• 
Removing fragmentation in the Digital Single Market: in June 2021, the Commission launched a 
legislative proposal aimed at creating a European Digital Identity which will be available to all 
EU citizens, residents, and businesses in the EU. The proposal builds on the existing cross-border 
legal framework for trusted digital identities, the European electronic identification and trust 
services initiative (eIDAS Regulation). Adopted in 2014, it provides the basis for cross-border 
electronic identification, authentication and website certification within the EU. Thanks to the new 
digital identity wallet, users will be able authenticate digitally when logging into both public and

--- Page 324 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
324 
private online services across the EU, or authorise online transactions, in particular where strong 
user authentication is required. Examples of these could be accessing a bank account, initiating a 
payment or applying for a loan. The regulation was adopted by both Parliament and the Council, in 
February and March 2024 respectively. It will be published in the EU Official Journal in Q2 2024 
and will be fully implemented by 2026. 
• 
Adapting the EU regulatory framework to facilitate digital innovation: in May 2023, the Regulation 
on markets in crypto-assets (the so-called MiCAR) was published in the Official Journal. MiCAR 
entered into force on 29 June 2023 and most of its provisions will be enforceable from June 2024 
or December 2024. The main scope of the MiCAR is to ensure clarity and legal certainty for issuers 
and providers of crypto assets that are not currently covered by current EU legislation. Safeguards 
include capital requirements. Issuers of significant asset-reference token and e-money token (the 
so-called global "stablecoins") will be subject to stricter requirements (e.g., in terms of capital, 
investor rights and supervision). The Commission also proposed a Regulation on a pilot regime for 
market infrastructures based on distributed ledger technology (DLT) (the DLT Regulation), which 
allows temporary derogations from existing rules, for market infrastructures interested in trading 
and settling transactions in financial instruments in crypto-asset form. The DLT Regulation entered 
into force in June 2022, with most of its provisions that are applicable from 23 March 2023. The 
DLT Regulation has been fully transposed into Italy by Law Decree no. 25 of 17 March 2023, 
converted into Law no. 52 of 10 May 2023, which also sets forth provisions aimed at allowing the 
issuance and transfer of financial instruments in a digital form. In April 2021 the Commission also 
presented a proposal for a regulatory framework on Artificial Intelligence (AI) aimed both at 
promoting its development but also at managing its potential risks. The regulation, called the 
Artificial Intelligence Act (AIA), will create a comprehensive, harmonized, regulatory framework 
for AI in the EU, but will also impact use and development of AI systems globally, including within 
the financial services sector. The AIA will introduce a strict regime and mandatory requirements 
for ‘high risk’ AI systems, such as those used to evaluate creditworthiness of natural persons. Its 
entry into force is expected for Q2 2024. The regulation is likely to become applicable starting from 
mid-2026, with the exception of the provisions on prohibited systems, which are expected to 
become applicable at the end of 2024. The AI regulation proposal, agreed in negotiations with 
Member States in December 2023, received the final endorsement from the European Parliament 
on 13 March 2023.  
• 
In October 2022, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal to make instant payments 
in euro available to all citizens and businesses holding a bank account in the EU and in EEA 
countries. The proposal would oblige all credit institutions to offer (and receive) instant payments 
to all their customers through all channels (digital and traditional), already offered for SEPA Credit 
Transfer (SCT). Moreover, the price of an instant payment transaction should be aligned to the one 
of a regular credit transfer. All Payment Service Providers (PSPs) offering the service of sending 
euro IPs (Instant Payments) are required to check that the payee’s IBAN matches the payee’s name 
and must notify the customer of any detected discrepancy. EU Council and Parliament have adopted 
their respective revisions to the Commission text. The final Regulation was published in the EU 
Official Journal on 19 March 2024 and entered into force on 9 April 2024, 20 days following the 
publication. Application is foreseen after several months, (starting from 9 months from the entry 
into force) depending on the single provision. 
• 
Promoting data-driven innovation in finance: in coordination with the PSD2’s review and building 
on initiatives in the data strategy (Data Governance, Data Act and the Digital Markets Act as well 
the Digital Services Act), on 28 June 2023, the EC published a legislative proposal for a broader 
open finance framework. The proposal aims at establishing clear rights and obligations to manage 
customer data sharing in the financial sector beyond payment accounts: mortgages, loans, savings, 
investment, insurance and pensions. The legislative proposal foresees clear obligations for financial 
institutions (data holders) upon a request from customer to make their data available to customer 
without under delay, free of charge and in real-time. Additionally, banks have the obligation to 
make the customer data available also to other data users in a standardised way and subject to a 
compensation regime. 
• 
Addressing the challenges and risks associated with digital transformation: in September 2020, the 
Commission proposed a Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) to prevent and mitigate cyber 
threats and enhance oversight of outsourced services. The legislation requires all interested firms to

--- Page 325 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
325 
ensure that they can withstand all types of ICT related disruptions and threats and introduces an 
oversight framework for ICT providers, such as cloud computing service providers. The DORA 
entered into force in January 2023 and will become fully applicable in January 2025. 
In addition to the legislative initiatives included in the Digital Finance package, it is worth 
mentioning another initiative with very important implications for the financial sector: the 
increasingly probable introduction of a digital euro. On 18 October 2023, the Governing Council of 
the ECB decided to move forward to the preparation phase of the digital euro project. This decision 
follows the completion of the investigation phase launched by the Eurosystem in October 2021 to 
explore possible design and distribution models for digital euro. 
The preparation phase started in November 2023 and will initially last two years. It will involve 
inter alia finalising the digital euro rulebook and selecting providers that could develop a digital 
euro platform and infrastructure. The Governing Council has nonetheless clarified that the launch 
of the preparation phase is not yet a decision on whether to issue a digital euro. That decision will 
only be considered by the Governing Council once the European Union’s legislative process on the 
establishment of this currency, launched in June 2023, has been completed. 
OTHER RECENT SECURITIES MARKETS RELATED REGULATIONS 
In November 2021, the Commission presented its official proposal for a Markets and Financial 
Instruments Regulation (MiFIR) review as part of a Capital Market Package including other legislative 
proposals (i.e., the creation of the European Single Access Point (ESAP) – see above - and a review of 
the European Long-Term Investment Funds (ELTIFs) Regulation). Regulation (EU) 2023/606 (the so-
called ELTIFs II Regulation), specifically aimed at amending the ELTIFs Regulation as to the 
requirements pertaining to investment policies and operating conditions of ELTIFs, the scope of eligible 
investment assets, the portfolio composition, the diversification requirements and the borrowing of cash 
and other fund rules, was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 20 March 2023. The ELTIFs II 
Regulation entered into force on 9 April 2023, with most of its provisions that will apply from 10 January 
2024. The EC MiFIR review aims at improving transparency and making the EU market infrastructure 
more competitive. The review is mainly focused on the establishment of an EU Consolidated Tape (CT) 
– a centralized database meant to provide a comprehensive view of market data - namely prices and 
volumes of traded securities across trading venues in the EU. The new rules amending the MiFIR entered 
into force on 28 March 2024, while certain elements of the regulation phasing in over the coming years. 
In May 2023, the European Commission published its Retail Investment Strategy (RIS) legislative 
package with the aim of ensuring that the legal framework for retail investments sufficiently empowers 
consumers, encourages improved and fairer market outcomes and ultimately creates the necessary 
conditions to grow retail investor participation in capital markets. The Package consists of: i) an Omnibus 
Directive amending the Directive on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II), Directive on insurance 
distribution (IDD), Solvency II Directive, Directive on Undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities (UCITS), Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFMD); ii) a 
Regulation amending PRIIPs (Regulation on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products). In particular the package: i) introduces a partial ban on 
inducements paid from manufacturers to distributors in relation to the reception and transmission of 
orders, or the execution of orders to or on behalf of retail clients (where no advice relationship exists 
between the investment firm and the client); ii) introduces a Value for Money (VfM) approach amending 
product oversight and governance rules to ensure that undue costs are not charged and that products 
deliver VfM to retail investors, with specific comparability tools (benchmarks); iii) obliges firms, to act 
in accordance with the best interest of their clients and customers, by introducing a new test; iv) 
introduces revisions to the suitability and appropriateness assessment v) foresees the standardization of 
information on costs and charges, with a greater degree of detail. 
On 7 December 2022, the Commission published its proposal to further review the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation (also known as EMIR 3.0) with the aim of reducing reliance from UK clearing 
houses and foster EU clearing attractiveness. The key part of the proposal is the introduction of the 
obligation for counterparties subject to the clearing obligation to hold an active account (AA) at an EU 
CCP, and clear with an EU CCP a portion of their trades of derivatives products considered of systemic 
importance to the EU or to one or more of its Member States (interest rate derivatives denominated in 
euro and Polish zloty, CDS denominated in euro and short-term interest Rate derivatives (STIR)

--- Page 326 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
326 
denominated in euro). The Council and the EU Parliament reached a provisional agreement on the text 
of EMIR 3.0 in February 2024. In late April 2024 the EU Parliament endorsed its final position deleting 
and easing several proposals put forward by the Commission while the Council’s position definition is 
ongoing. Final phase of the legislative process is expected at earliest at the end of the 2024 after the EU 
election. 
1.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of the Issuer's solvency. 
1.1.6 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit has been rated as follows: 
Rating Agencies 
Short Term 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Long Term 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Outlook 
Last update 
Fitch 
F2(1) 
BBB(2) 
stable(3) 
17 November 2023 
S&P 
A-2(4) 
BBB(5) 
stable(6) 
25 October 2023 
Moody's 
P-2(7) 
Baa1(8) 
stable (9) 
21 November 2023 
 
 
Fitch Ratings  
(1) 
F2: indicates a good capacity for timely payment of financial commitments relative to other issuers or obligations in the 
same country or monetary union. However, the margin of safety is not as great as in the case of the higher ratings (Source: 
Fitch). 
 
(2) 
BBB: indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity (Source: Fitch). 
Note: A "+" or "–" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within a major rating category. Such suffixes are 
not added to the AAA rating category, to categories below CCC, or to Short-Term Credit Ratings other than F1 (Source: 
Fitch). 
 
(3) 
Outlooks indicate the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period. They reflect financial or other trends 
that have not yet reached or been sustained the level that would cause a rating action, but which may do so if such trends 
continue. A Positive Rating Outlook indicates an upward trend on the rating scale. Conversely, a Negative Rating Outlook 
signals a negative trend on the rating scale. Positive or Negative Rating Outlooks do not imply that a rating change is 
inevitable, and similarly, ratings with Stable Outlooks can be raised or lowered without a prior revision to the Outlook. 
Occasionally, where the fundamental trend has strong, conflicting elements of both positive and negative, the Rating Outlook 
may be described as “Evolving” (Source: Fitch). 
 
S&P  
 
(4) 
A-2: an obligor has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category 
(Source: S&P). 
 
(5) 
BBB: an obligor has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments (Source: S&P). 
Note: ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the rating categories (Source: S&P). 
 
(6) 
Outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term (typically six months to two 
years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in economic and/or fundamental business

--- Page 327 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
327 
conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a rating change or future CreditWatch action. A stable outlook is 
assigned when S&P believes that ratings is not likely to change (Source: S&P). 
 
Moody’s 
 
(7) 
P-2: issuers (or supporting institution) rated Prime-2 have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (Source: 
Moody’s). 
 
(8) 
Baa: obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such may possess 
speculative characteristics (Source: Moody’s). 
Note: Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category (Source: Moody’s). 
 
(9) 
Outlook refers to Long Term Bank Deposits. Outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium 
term. A stable outlook indicates a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term (Source: Moody’s). 
 
During the validity of this Base Prospectus, the updated Issuer’s ratings information which could occur, 
will be available from time to time on the Issuer’s website, without prejudice to the obligations arising 
from Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to the drafting of a supplement. 
The rating agencies Fitch, S&P and Moody’s are established in the European Economic Area, are 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, and are included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. 
1.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last 
financial year 
There are no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year ended on 31 December 2023. 
1.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the Issuer's activities  
As at 31 March 2024, the loans to deposits ratio (LDR), a ratio between the customer loans and deposits, 
excluding the repo activity, is equal to 87 per cent. Such ratio slightly worsens compared to 31 December 
2023, equal to 86 per cent.  
However the Group’s liquidity is always well above the minimum regulatory requirements – liquidity 
coverage ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) – as provided by EU 2013/575 Regulation 
and EU/36/2013 Directive. 
As at 31 December 2023, the liquidity buffer44 is equal to Euro 171.6 billion (Euro 190.3 billion at 31 
December 2022). As at 31 December 2023, the TLTRO participations of the Group is equal to Euro 12.6 
billion. 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
2.1 
Principal activities  
2.1.1. 
A description of the Issuer's principal activities, including the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed, an indication of any significant new products or activities, and the principal markets 
in which the Issuer competes 
UniCredit is a pan-European Commercial Bank with a unique service offering in Italy, Germany, Central 
and Eastern Europe. UniCredit’s purpose is to empower communities to progress, delivering the high-
quality services for all stakeholders, unlocking the potential of its clients and its people across Europe. 
UniCredit serves over 15 million customers worldwide. UniCredit is organized in five geographical areas 
 
44 Average of 12 months, consistently with Pillar 3 disclosure.

--- Page 328 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
328 
(Business Divisions) and three product factories, Corporate, Individual Solutions and Group Payment 
Solutions.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group geographic areas are: 
• 
Italy as a standalone geography reflecting the critical importance of the country; 
• 
Germany still focused on developing and growing business in the country; 
• 
Central Europe (including Austria, Czech Republic and Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia); 
• 
Eastern Europe (including Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania, Serbia); 
• 
Russia (starting from the first quarter of 2022, the Group's organizational structure has been updated 
by isolating activities in Russia45). 
This organization ensures Country and local Banks autonomy on specific activities granting proximity to 
the customers (for all client segment, Retail and Corporate) and efficient decisional processes. All 
standalone geographies of the Group have dedicated support functions such as: People and Culture, 
Finance, Digital & Information Office, and Operations. In addition, Compliance, Legal and Risk have 
established specific regional departments. 
Alongside Business Divisions there is Group Corporate Centre with the objective to lead, control and 
support the management of the assets and related risks of the Group as a whole and of the single Group 
companies in their respective areas of competence; it also includes the Group’s Legal Entities that are 
going to be dismissed. 
2.2 
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position.  
No precise data about Issuer's competitive position are included in this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
3.1 
Brief description of the group and the Issuer's position within the group. 
UniCredit is the parent company of the UniCredit Group and, in addition to banking activities, it carries 
out organic policy, governance and control functions vis à vis its subsidiary banking, financial and 
instrumental companies. 
UniCredit, as a bank which undertakes management and co-ordination activities for the UniCredit Group, 
pursuant to Article 61 of the Italian Banking Act issues, when exercising its management and co-
ordination activities, instructions to the other members of the banking group to ensure compliance with 
supervisory regulations, including the implementation of the general and specific measures issued by the 
Supervisory Authorities in the interest of the banking group's stability. 
The following diagram illustrates the banking group companies as at 1 January 2024: 
 
 
45 Includes the local bank and legal entities, plus the cross-border exposure booked in UniCredit S.p.A.

--- Page 329 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
329 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia a.s. 
Prague – Czech Republic 
UniCredit SpA 
Milan – Italy 
UniCredit Banking Group (cod. 2008.1) 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
UniCredit Leasing GmbH 
Hamburg – Germany 
UniCredit Leasing Finance GmbH 
Hamburg – Germany 
HVB Export Leasing GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
BIL Leasing–Fonds GmbH&Co Velum KG 
Grünwald – Germany 
HVB Verwa 4 GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
HVB Verwa 4.4 GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
B.I. International Limited  
George Town – Cayman Islands 
HVB Hong Kong Limited 
Hong Kong – China 
UniCredit U.S. Finance LLC 
Wilmington – USA 
UniCredit Capital Markets LLC 
New York – USA 
Structured Invest Société Anonyme 
Luxembourg – Luxembourg 
HVB London Investments (Avon) Ltd  
London – United Kingdom 
Redstone Mortgages Limited  
London – United Kingdom 
HVB Immobilien AG 
Munich – Germany 
HVB Tecta GmbH  
Munich – Germany 
HVB Projekt GmbH  
Munich – Germany 
Food & more GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
UniCredit Direct Services GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
HVB Secur GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
Monnet 8–10 S.àr.l. 
Luxembourg – Luxembourg 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
94% 
94% 
100% 
6% 
6% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Palais Rothschild Vermietungs GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
Bank Austria Real Invest Imm. Managem. GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
Alpine Cayman Islands Ltd. 
Georgetown – Cayman Islands 
Paytria Unternehmensbeteiligungen GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
Bank Austria Finanzservice GmbH  
Vienna – Austria 
BA– Alpine Holdings, Inc. 
Wilmington – USA 
Bank Austria Wohnbaubank AG 
Vienna – Austria 
CABET–Holding GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
CABO Beteiligungsgesellschaft m.b.H. 
Vienna – Austria 
BA–CA Markets & Investment Bet. GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
FactorBank Aktiengesellschaft 
Vienna – Austria 
card complete Service Bank AG 
Vienna – Austria 
DC Polska Spolka z Ogranic. Odpow. w likwidacji 
Warsaw – Poland 
DCCS, s.r.o.  
Bratislava – Slovakia 
Pollux Immobilien GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
Schoellerbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Vienna – Austria 
Schoellerbank Invest AG 
Salzburg – Austria 
Palais Rothschild Verm.GmbH & Co OG 
Vienna – Austria 
BA GebäudevermietungsgmbH  
Vienna – Austria 
Bank Austria Real Invest Imm. Kap. GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Vienna – Austria 
100% 
100% 
94.95% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
50.10% 
100% 
100% 
99.99% 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt 
Budapest – Hungary 
OOO "UniCredit Leasing" 
Moscow – Russia 
UniCredit Consumer Financing IFN SA  
Bucharest – Romania 
UniCredit Leasing Corporation IFN S.A. 
Bucharest – Romania 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Rep. and Slovakia, a.s. 
Prague – Czech Republic 
UniCredit Leasing CZ a.s. 
Prague – Czech Republic 
UniCredit Leasing Slovakia a.s. 
Bratislava – Slovakia 
UniCredit Jelzalogbank Zrt 
Budapest – Hungary 
UniCredit Leasing Hungary Zrt 
Budapest – Hungary 
OOO UniCredit Garant  
Moskow – Russia 
AO UniCredit Bank 
Moscow – Russia 
UniCredit Bank S.A.  
Bucharest – Romania 
UniCredit Banka Slovenija d.d. 
Ljubljana – Slovenia 
UniCredit Bank a.d. Banja Luka  
Banja Luka – Bosnia and Herzegovina 
100% 
100% 
98.63% 
49.90% 
0.05% 
100% 
99.63% 
100% 
100%
100% 
100% 
99.95% 
50.1% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Zagrebacka Banka d.d.  
Zagreb – Croatia 
Zane BH d.o.o.  
Sarajevo – Bosnia and Herzegovina 
ZB Invest d.o.o. 
Zagreb – Croatia 
UniCredit Consumer Financing EAD  
Sofia – Bulgaria 
UniCredit Fleet Management EOOD 
Sofia – Bulgaria 
UniCredit Leasing EAD 
Sofia – Bulgaria 
UniCredit Leasing Srbija d.o.o. Beograd  
Belgrade – Serbia 
Human Resources Service and devel.GmbH  
Vienna – Austria 
UniCredit Leasing (Austria) GmbH  
Vienna – Austria 
Leasfinanz GmbH  
Vienna – Austria 
Leasfinanz Bank GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
UniCredit Bank d.d.  
Mostar – Bosnia and Herzegovina 
UniCredit Leasing Croatia d.o.o. za leasing 
Zagreb – Croatia 
Zagreb Nekretnine d.o.o. . 
Zagreb – Croatia 
UniCredit Bulbank AD  
Sofia – Bulgaria 
UniCredit Bank Serbia Jsc 
Belgrade – Serbia 
100% 
100% 
100% 
99.45% 
100% 
99.30% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
96.192% 
Wealth Management Capital Holding GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Initiatoren GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Equity GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Fonds GmbH  
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Stiftungstreuhand GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Leasing GmbH 
Grünwald – Germany 
WealthCap PEIA Management GmbH  
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Management Services GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
HVBFF Objekt Beteiligungs GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
HVBFF Internationale Leasing GmbH  
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Investment Services GmbH  
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Real Estate Management GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Investorenbetreuung GmbH 
Munich – Germany 
WealthCap Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 
Grünwald – Germany 
100% 
90% 
10% 
94% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
6.00% 
100% 
100% 
90% 
10% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
UniCredit Leasing SpA  
Milan – Italy 
BA CA Leasing (Deutschland) GmbH 
Hamburg – Germany 
UniCredit Leased Asset Management S.p.A. 
Milan – Italy 
UniCredit Factoring SpA  
Milan – Italy 
Cordusio Società Fiduciaria per Azioni 
Milan – Italy 
UniCredit BpC Mortgage Srl 
Verona – Italy 
UniCredit OBG Srl  
Verona – Italy 
EBS Finance Srl  
Milan – Italy 
UniCredit myAgents Srl  
Milan – Italy 
UniCredit Global Leasing Export GmbH 
Vienna – Austria 
PAI Management Limited  
Dublin – Ireland 
PAI (Bermuda) Limited  
Hamilton – Bermuda 
UniCredit Services GmbH  
Vienna – Austria 
Europa Investment Fund Management Ltd  
Budapest – Hungary 
UniCredit International Bank (Luxembourg) SA 
Luxembourg – Luxembourg 
100% 
100% 
60% 
60% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
94.90% 
100% 
100% 
Companies belonging to 
the Banking Group 
banking 
financial  
instrumental 
01 January 2024 
100% 
100% 
Updated 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Note: % considering shares held directly and/or indirectly 
100%

--- Page 330 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
330 
3.2 
Dependence upon other entities within the Group 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit is not dependent upon other entities within the Group 
and no individual or entity controls UniCredit within the meaning provided for in Article 93 of the 
Financial Services Act. 
4. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Since its incorporation, UniCredit had adopted the traditional governance model, which is the default 
option envisaged by Italian law for companies. 
Following the adoption of the one-tier management and control system resolved by the Shareholders’ 
Meeting held on 27 October 2023, in lieu of the traditional model, starting from 12 April 2024 UniCredit 
is managed by a Board of Directors which has sole responsibility for strategic supervision and 
management of the Issuer. In compliance with the applicable provisions, within the Board of Directors, 
it is also established a committee performing control functions, the Audit Committee. Both the members 
of the Board of Directors and of the Audit Committee are appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting. 
4.1 
Names, business addresses and functions of the members of the Board of Directors and Audit 
Committee and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of the Issuer 
where these are significant with respect to the Issuer  
The board of directors (the Board or the Board of Directors) is composed of between a minimum of 9 
and a maximum of 19 members. Under the Issuer’s By-laws at least three, and no more than five, 
members compose the Audit Committee. The Directors, and among them the members of the Audit 
Committee, are elected by UniCredit shareholders at a general meeting for a three financial year term, 
unless a shorter term is established upon their appointment, and Directors may be re-elected. 
The Board of Directors currently in office was appointed by the UniCredit Ordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting on 12 April 2024 for a term of three financial years and is composed of 15 members, of whom 
4 members compose the Audit Committee. 
The term in office of the current members of the Board of Directors and of the Audit Committee will 
expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2026. The members of the Board of Directors, including the Audit Committee 
members, have been appointed on the basis of a proportional representation mechanism (“voto di lista”) 
and in compliance with the provisions on gender balance. 
The following table sets forth the members of UniCredit’s Board of Directors and of the Audit Committee 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Pietro Carlo Padoan1 
Chair 
Elena Carletti1  
Deputy Vice Chair 
Andrea Orcel 
Chief Executive Officer* 
Paola Bergamaschi1 
Director 
Paola Camagni2-3 
Director and member of the Audit Committee 
Vincenzo Cariello1  
Director 
Marcus Johannes Chromik1 
Director 
António Domingues1 
Director

--- Page 331 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
331 
Julie Birgitte Galbo2 
Director and member of the Audit Committee 
Jeffrey Alan Hedberg1 
Director 
Beatriz Ángela Lara Bartolomé1  
Director 
Maria Pierdicchi1  
Director 
Marco Rigotti2-3 
Director and Chair of the Audit Committee 
Francesca Tondi1  
Director 
Gabriele Villa2-3 
Director and member of the Audit Committee 
Notes: 
(1) Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 148 of the Financial Services Act and the Italian Civil Code, Section 13 
of the Treasury Decree no. 169 dated 23 November 2020 and Section 2, recommendation 7, of the Italian Corporate Governance 
Code. 
(2) Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 148 of the Financial Services Act and the Italian Civil Code, Section 14 
of the Treasury Decree no. 169 dated 23 November 2020 and Section 2, recommendations 7 and 9, of the Italian Corporate 
Governance Code. 
(3) Is enrolled with the Register of Chartered Accounting Auditors of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. 
* 
Also elected as General Manager by the Board of Directors on 12 April 2024.  
The information on the Board of Directors, including the members of the Audit Committee, and its 
updates are available on the UniCredit website without prejudice to the obligations arising from Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to the drafting of a supplement. 
The business address for each of the foregoing Directors and members of the Audit Committee is in 
Milan, 20154, Piazza Gae Aulenti 3, Tower A. 
Other principal activities performed by the members of the Board of Directors and of the Audit 
Committee which are significant with respect to UniCredit are listed below: 
Pietro Carlo Padoan 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of ABI – Italian Banking
Association  
• 
Chair of the Capital Markets Union technical Committee of ABI – Italian Banking Association  
• 
Member of the Institut International d’Etudes Bancaires 
• 
Chair of the High Level Group on Financing Sustainability Transition 
• 
Vice Chair and member of the European Financial Roundtable (EFR)  
• 
Member of the European Banking Group (EBG) 
• 
Member of the Executive Committee of FeBAF (Italian Banking, Insurance and Finance
Federation) 
• 
Member of the Executive Committee of Assonime  
• 
Chair of the Committee of Market Operators and Investors (COMI) 
• 
Member of the Governing Council of the School for Economic and Social Politics (AISES) 
• 
Member of the “Comitato Scientifico Osservatorio Banca Impresa 2030”

--- Page 332 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
332 
• 
Member of the Board of “Istituto Luigi Einaudi per gli Studi bancari, finanziari e assicurativi”  
• 
Member of the Corporate Governance Committee of Borsa Italiana 
• 
Member of the Board of the Institute of International Finance (IIF) 
• 
Member of the FEPs High-Level Group on the New Global Deal 
• 
Member of the Consiglio Generale of AIFI (Associazione Italiana del Private Equity, Venture
Capital e Private Debt) 
• 
Vice Chair of IAI – Istituto Affari Internazionali 
• 
Member of the Scientific Council of LUISS Institute for European Analysis and Policy (LEAP) 
• 
Senior Scientific Advisor of Master LUISS Energy and Sustainability 
• 
Honorary Board Member of Scope Foundation 
• 
Member of the Advisory Committee for EMU Lab at European University Institute 
• 
Distinguished Fellow of the Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI) 
Andrea Orcel 
• 
Non-executive Director of EIS Group Ltd 
• 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Bank GmbH 
• 
Chair of the UniCredit Foundation 
Elena Carletti 
• 
Full Professor of Finance, Bocconi University, Department of Finance 
• 
Director of the “Banking, Finance and Regulation” Unit, Baffi Center for Applied Research – 
Bocconi University 
• 
Dean for Research – Bocconi University 
• 
Director of Center for European Policy & Research (CEPR) and of the Research Policy Network 
(RPN) 
 
• 
Research Professor, Bundesbank 
• 
Scientific Advisor, European University Institute, Florence School of Banking and Finance (FBF) 
• 
Member of Expert Panel on banking supervision, European Parliament 
• 
Chair of the Scientific Committee, Bruegel 
Paola Bergamaschi 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors and of the Risk and Audit Committees of AIG Inc. 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors, Chair of the Risk Committee and member of the Audit and 
Nomination Committees of BNY Mellon International

--- Page 333 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
333 
• 
Chair of the Advisory Board of Depositary and Trust business of BNY Mellon International 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board of Quantexa Ltd 
Paola Camagni 
• 
Founder and Managing Partner of “Camagni STP” tax firm 
• 
Independent member of the Board of Directors, Chair of the Related Parties Committee and member 
of the Internal Control Risks Committees of Telecom Italia (TIM) S.p.A. 
• 
Independent member of the Board of Directors of FSI SGR S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Azule Energy Angola S.p.A. 
• 
Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of A.G.I. Agenzia Giornalistica Italia S.p.A.  
Vincenzo Cariello 
• 
Founding and Name Partner Studio Legale Professor Cariello 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors, Chair of Related Parties Committee, member of ESG and 
Rapporto con i Territori Committee of A2A S.p.A. 
• 
Member of Collegio dei Docenti del Dottorato di Ricerca in Impresa, Lavoro, Società - Cattolica 
University 
Marcus Johannes Chromik 
None 
António Domingues 
• 
Non-executive Director and member of the Remuneration Committee of Banco CTT 
• 
Non-executive Director, Chair of Risk Committee and member of the Corporate Governance 
Committee of Haitong Investment Bank S.A.  
Julie Birgitte Galbo 
• 
External lecturer at the Board Academy, Board Leadership Society, Copenhagen Business School 
• 
Chair of the Board of Gro Capital  
• 
Chair of the Board of Trifork AG 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors, of the Audit and of the Risk & Compliance Committees of 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
• 
Senior Advisory, EU AML/CFT Global Facility 
Jeffrey Alan Hedberg 
None 
Beatriz Ángela Lara Bartolomé 
• 
Sole Director of AHAOW Moment S.L.

--- Page 334 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
334 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors and member of the Digital Transformation Advisory Board of 
FINCOMÚN S.A. 
• 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Chapter Zero Spain, Universidad de Navarra  
• 
Seed Investor & Strategy Advisor at ZELEROS Hyperloop 
• 
Investor & Senior Advisor at OPINNO 
• 
Investor & Strategy Advisor at Bound4Blue 
• 
Mentor at EXSIM (Executive Simulation Lab), International MBA, IESE Business School and at 
Startup Lab, IMBA, IE Business School 
Maria Pierdicchi 
• 
Board Member of NED COMMUNITY  
• 
Board Member of Aidexa Holding  
• 
Board Member of HUBLAB Eccellenze d'impresa S.r.l. 
• 
Board Member of EcoDa (European Federation of Directors Institutes) 
Marco Rigotti 
• 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Alisarda S.p.A. 
Francesca Tondi 
None 
Gabriele Villa 
• 
Founder and Partner, Studio Corbella Villa Crostarosa Guicciardi 
• 
Statutory Auditor of Edison S.p.A.  
• 
Statutory Auditor of Italmobiliare S.p.A. 
• 
Statutory Auditor of TdE – Transalpina di Energia S.p.A. 
• 
Chair of Fondazione Accademia Arti e Mestieri del Teatro della Scala 
Audit Committee 
As described above, pursuant to the provisions of the UniCredit Articles of Association, on 12 April 2024 
the Shareholder’ Meeting of UniCredit appointed the Audit Committee (established within the Board), 
which is comprised as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Marco Rigotti1-2 
Director and Chair of the Audit Committee 
Paola Camagni1-2 
Director and member of the Audit Committee 
Julie Birgitte Galbo1 
Director and member of the Audit Committee 
Gabriele Villa1-2 
Director and member of the Audit Committee

--- Page 335 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
335 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Meets the independence requirements pursuant to Section 148 of the Financial Services Act and the Italian Civil Code, 
Section 14 of the Treasury Decree no. 169 dated 23 November 2020 and Section 2, recommendations 7 and 9, of the Italian 
Corporate Governance Code. 
(2) 
Is enrolled with the Register of Chartered Accounting Auditors of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. 
4.2 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the best of UniCredit knowledge, with regard to the 
members of the UniCredit Board of Directors and Audit Committee there are no conflicts of interest 
between any duties to the Issuer, arising from the office or position held within UniCredit, and their 
private interests and/or other duties. In UniCredit any conflict of interest is managed in accordance with 
the applicable procedures and in strict compliance with existing laws and regulations. Members of the 
UniCredit Board of Directors and Audit Committee must indeed comply with the following provisions 
aimed at regulating instances where there exists a specific interest concerning the implementation of an 
operation: 
• 
Article 53 paragraph 4, of the Italian Banking Act, without prejudice to the obligations envisaged 
by paragraph 1 of Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, hereinafter quoted, sets forth the duty to 
abstain from voting for the Directors having a conflicting interest, on their own behalf or on behalf 
of a third party; 
• 
Article 136 of the Italian Banking Act, which requires a special authorisation procedure (a 
unanimous decision by the supervisory body with the exclusion of the concerned officers' vote and 
the favourable vote of all members of the controlling body) should a bank enter into obligations of 
any kind or enter, directly or indirectly, into purchase or sale agreements with its corporate officers; 
• 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, which obliges directors to notify fellow directors and the 
members of the Audit Committee of any interest, on their own behalf or on behalf of a third party, 
that they may have, in a specific company transaction, with the concerned member of the Board of 
Directors having to abstain from carrying out the transaction if he/she is also the CEO; and 
• 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 dated 12 March 2010 
(and subsequent updates) concerning transactions with related parties and the relevant 
communication no. 10078683 dated 24 September 2010, as well as the provisions of the Bank of 
Italy Circular no 285 dated 17 December 2013 (Part III - Chapter 11) concerning risk activities and 
conflicts of interest of banks and banking groups with associated persons (Supervisory Regulations 
for the banks). 
In accordance with the said latest provisions, UniCredit has adopted specific policies and procedures in 
order to ensure, between the others, the transparency and the material and procedural correctness of the 
transactions with related parties or with associated persons, directly or through controlled companies. 
For information on related-party transactions, please see Part H of the Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements of UniCredit as at 31 December 2023, incorporated by reference herein. 
Notwithstanding the obligations of Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, UniCredit and its corporate 
bodies have adopted measures and procedures to ensure compliance with the provisions relating to 
transactions with its corporate officers, as well as transactions with related parties and associated persons. 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
5.1 
Information related to the shareholder structure of the Issuer  
No individual or entity controls UniCredit within the meaning provided for in Article 93 of the Financial 
Services Act. 
As at 3 April 2023, the major shareholders who have disclosed that they hold, directly or indirectly, a 
relevant participation in UniCredit, pursuant to Article 120 of the Financial Services Act, were:

--- Page 336 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
336 
Major Shareholders* 
Ordinary Shares 
% 
owned 
BlackRock Group 
114,907,383 
6.832(1) 
Allianz Group 
69,622,203 
4.140 
(1) 
non-discretional asset management 
*The table shows the information notified by the shareholders pursuant to Article 120 of the Financial Services Act following the 
update disclosed on the CONSOB website on 3 April 2023.  
The percentages here indicated are calculated on the number of shares representing the updated share capital as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which takes into account the cancellation of treasury shares carried out on 26 March 2024. 
It should be noted that, in the cases provided for by the Issuers' Regulations, management companies and qualified entities that 
have acquired, as part of their management activities, shareholdings less than 5 per cent. are not required to make disclosures. 
The updated information concerning the major shareholders will be available from time to time on the 
Issuer’s website without prejudice to the obligations arising from Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
in relation to the drafting of a supplement. 
5.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuer is aware, there are no arrangements the operation 
of which, at a subsequent date, could result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
6. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
6.1 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
The risks connected with pending legal proceedings have been duly examined by the Parent Company 
and each of the involved Subsidiaries (the Companies). 
As at 31 December 2023, the Companies were named as defendants in 47,560 legal proceedings, of which 
6,815 involving the Parent Company UniCredit S.p.A. (excluding labor law cases, tax cases and credit 
recovery actions in which counterclaims were asserted or objections raised with regard to the credit 
claims of Group Companies).  
To provide for possible liabilities and costs that may result from pending legal proceedings (excluding 
labour law and tax cases), as of 31 December 2023, the UniCredit Group set aside a provision for risks 
and charges of Euro 576.46 million, of which Euro 252.6 million for the parent company UniCredit 
S.p.A.. As of 31 December 2023, the total amount of claimed damages relating to judicial proceedings 
other than labour, tax and debt collections proceedings was Euro 7.9 billion, of which approximately 
Euro 5.4 billion for the proceedings involving the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. This figure is 
affected by both the heterogeneous nature of the pending proceedings and the number of involved 
jurisdictions and their corresponding characteristics in which UniCredit Group companies are named as 
defendants. 
In a greater detail, it mainly deals with: 
Madoff 
The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and several of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Companies) 
have been sued in the wake of a Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff through his company 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC (BLMIS), which was exposed in December 2008. The 
Companies were principally connected with Madoff as investment manager and/or investment adviser 
for the Primeo Fund Ltd (now in liquidation) and other non-US funds of funds that had invested in other 
non-US funds with accounts at BLMIS. 
Specifically, the Companies (together with a variety of other entities) were named as defendants in a 
variety of proceedings (both in the US and in non-US jurisdictions), for a total damage compensation 
claims of over $6 billion (to be later determined over the course of the proceedings).

--- Page 337 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
337 
At present, most of the claims brought before US Courts and referring to the Companies have been 
rejected without any possibility of appeal or dismissal. However, the bankruptcy administrator of BLMIS 
(the SIPA Trustee) responsible for the Madoff’s company liquidation continues to pursue claims related 
to transfers of money made by BLMIS pre-bankruptcy to an affiliated company, BA Worldwide Fund 
Management Ltd (BAWFM), and other similarly situated parties. The potential claim for damages 
against BAWFM is non-material and, therefore, there are no specific risk profiles for the Companies.  
In addition, certain current or formerly affiliated persons named as defendants in a proceeding in the 
United States may seek indemnification from the Companies and its affiliated entities. 
As at 31 December 2023, there were several pending civil proceedings against UniCredit Bank Austria 
AG (UCB Austria) for the total claimed damages amount of Euro 4.8 million. While a large majority 
of the judgments have been favourable to UCB Austria, the impact of the remaining cases cannot be 
predicted with certainty, as the related future rulings may be adverse to UCB Austria. UCB Austria has 
made adequate provisions related to the Madoff’s matter. 
Proceedings arising out of the purchase of UniCredit Bank GmbH (formerly UniCredit Bank AG) 
(UCB) by the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and the related Group reorganization 
Squeeze-out of UCB minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding) 
In 2008, approximately 300 former minority shareholders of UCB filed a request before the District 
Court of Munich to have a review of the price paid to them by the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., 
equal to Euro 38.26 per share, in the context of the squeeze out of minority shareholders (Appraisal 
Proceeding). The dispute mainly concerns the valuation of UCB, which is the basis for the calculation 
of the price to be paid to the former minority shareholders. On 22 June 2022, the competent court in 
Munich rejected all applications for a higher compensation than that which the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A. paid to the former minority shareholders of UCB hence dismissing all claims. Certain 
claimants have filed appeals.  
Squeeze-out of UCB Austria’s minority shareholders (Appraisal Proceeding) 
In 2008, approximately 70 former minority shareholders of UCB Austria commenced proceedings 
before the Commercial Court of Vienna claiming that the squeeze-out price paid to them, equal to Euro 
129.4 per share, was inadequate, and asking the court to review the adequacy of the amount paid 
(Appraisal Proceeding). At present the proceeding is pending in the first instance. In parallel, one 
contentious proceeding in which the plaintiff claims damages is still pending, involving however only 
insignificant amounts in dispute. 
Fino Arbitration proceedings 
In July 2022 Fino 1 Securitization S.r.l. (“Fino 1”) commenced an ICC arbitration seeking damages in 
relation to, inter alia, the alleged breach of certain representations and warranties included in a transfer 
agreement for the sale of receivables entered into in 2017. The proceedings are ongoing. 
In March 2023, Fino 2 Securitization S.r.l. (“Fino 2”) also commenced an ICC arbitration seeking 
damages in relation to another transfer agreement for the sale of receivables also entered into in 2017. 
The proceedings are ongoing. 
 
Euro-denominated bonds issued by EU countries 
On 31 January 2019, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and UCB received a Statement of Objections 
from the European Commission referring to the investigation by the European Commission of a 
suspected violation of antitrust rules in relation to European government bonds. The subject matter of 
the investigation extended to certain periods from 2007 to 2011 and included activities by UCB between 
September and November 2011. The European Commission concluded its investigation by issuance of 
its decision on 20 May 2021. The decision provides for the imposition of a fine of Euro 69.4 million on 
the parent company UniCredit S.p.A and UCB. The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and UCB contest 
the European Commission's findings and brought an action for the annulment of its decision before the 
General Court of the European Union on 30 July 2021.

--- Page 338 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
338 
On 11 June 2019, UCB and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC were named, among other financial 
institutions, as defendants in a putative class action already pending in the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of New York. The third amended class action complaint, filed on 3 December 
2019, alleges a conspiracy among dealers of Euro-denominated bonds issued by European central banks 
to fix and manipulate the prices of those bonds, among other things by widening the bid-ask spreads they 
quoted to customers.  
The putative class consists of those who purchased or sold Euro-denominated bonds issued by European 
central banks in the US between 2007 and 2012. On 23 July 2020, the court granted motions to dismiss 
the third amended complaint by certain defendants, including UCB and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC, 
without prejudice. Plaintiffs filed their fourth amended class action complaint on 9 February 2021, 
repleading their claim against UCB and UniCredit Capital Markets LLC and other financial institutions. 
Like earlier pleadings, the fourth amended class action complaint does not include a quantification of 
damages claimed. Exchange of correspondence concerning motions to dismiss the fourth amended 
complaint has been completed, and in June 2021 defendants have requested a pre-motion conference with 
the court. On 14 March 2022, the court granted UC Capital Markets LLC motion to dismiss while denying 
UCB’s motion to dismiss. The court has since denied UCB’s motion for reconsideration, UCB has 
answered the operative complaint and discovery has commenced. On 7 November 2022, plaintiffs sought 
leave to file a fifth amended class action complaint, which would continue to name UCB among others 
(but not UniCredit Capital Markets LLC) as a defendant. UCB reached a settlement with the plaintiffs 
and the putative class in May 2023, and the court preliminarily approved that settlement on 16 May 2023. 
The court will consider final approval of the settlement at a hearing scheduled for mid April 2024. 
Claims in relation to guarantee payments and sanctions 
In August 2023, UCB was named as a defendant in a lawsuit pertaining to guarantee claims totaling 
approx. Euro 444 million commenced by a Russian energy company before a court in Saint Petersburg, 
Russia. UCB had issued part of a guarantee package in favour of the Russian company on behalf of a 
German guarantee client. The Russian company had drawn down the guarantees by making payment 
claims to UCB, which UCB could not fulfil under the applicable EU sanctions. The guarantees are 
governed by English law and contain an arbitration agreement providing for ICC arbitration seated in 
Paris. On 29 January 2024, the English Court of Appeal reversed an earlier decision denying a permanent 
anti-suit injunction (ASI) and granted a final ASI requiring the Russian company to immediately take all 
steps necessary to withdraw the Russian proceedings. On 12 February 2024, the UK Supreme Court 
granted the Russian company permission to appeal staying the effects of the permanent ASI, but 
continuing the prohibitory injunction preventing the Russian company from taking any steps to progress 
the Russian proceedings. A hearing before the Supreme Court is expected to take place in April. The 
Russian court has rejected UCB’s jurisdictional defenses and scheduled the next hearing for the second 
quarter of 2024. 
Proceedings related to claims for Withholding Tax Credits 
On 31 July 2014, the Supervisory Board of UCB concluded its internal investigations into the so-called 
“cum-ex” transactions (the short selling of equities around dividend dates and claims for withholding tax 
credits on German share dividends) at UCB.  
In this context, criminal investigations have been conducted against current or former employees of UCB 
and UCB itself as an ancillary party by the Prosecutors in Frankfurt / Main, Cologne and Munich. With 
respect to UCB, all proceedings originally initiated by the aforesaid prosecution offices were finally 
closed with payment of a fine or the payment of a forfeiture. 
In December 2018, in connection with an ongoing investigation against other financial institutions and 
former Bank employees, UCB was informed by the Cologne Prosecutor of the initiation of a new 
investigation in connection with an administrative offence regarding “cum-ex” transactions involving 
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF). In April 2019 these investigations were extended to so called ex/ex-
transactions, in which an involvement of the Issuer in the sourcing of cum/ex transactions of other market 
participants on the ex-day is suspected. The facts are being examined internally. UCB is cooperating with 
the authorities.  
On 28 July 2021, the Federal Criminal Court (BGH) rendered a decision through which the principle 
criminal liability of cum/ex structures was determined the first time. With its decisions of 6 April 2022 
17 November 2022 and 20 September 2023, the BGH confirmed two criminal judgements in other

--- Page 339 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
339 
cum/ex cases of the Regional Court of Bonn, thus further solidifying its case law. UCB is monitoring the 
development.  
In June 2023, the Munich tax authorities completed a regular field audit of UCB for the years 2013 to 
2016 which includes, among other things, a review of transactions in equities around the dividend record 
date (so called cum/cum transactions). During these years UCB performed, among other things, 
securities-lending transactions with different domestic counterparties which include, but are not limited 
to, different types of cum/cum transactions. It still remains to be clarified whether, and under which 
circumstances, tax credits can be obtained or taxes refunded with regard to different types of cum/cum 
transactions. Some of the taxes credited from the cum/cum transactions are currently not recognized for 
tax purposes by the tax audit. UCB appealed against the tax assessments for 2013 to 2015, which were 
amended based on the findings of the tax audit regarding cum/cum transactions. Moreover, with respect 
to cum/cum transactions in which the counterparty of UCB claimed tax credits in the past, it cannot be 
ruled out that UCB might be exposed to third party claims under civil law. 
UCB has made provisions. 
Proceedings relating to certain forms of banking operations 
The UniCredit group is named as a defendant in several proceedings in matters connected to its 
operations with clients, which are not specific to UniCredit group, rather affect the financial sector in 
general. 
In this regard, as at 31 December 2023 (i) proceedings against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. 
pertaining to compound interest, typical of the Italian market, had a total claimed amount of Euro 924 
million, mediations included; (ii) proceedings pertaining to derivative products, mainly affecting the 
Italian market (for which the claimed amount against the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. was Euro 
340 million, mediations included) and the German market (for which the claimed amount against UCB 
was Euro 12 million); and (iii) proceedings relating to foreign currency loans, mainly affecting the 
CE&EE countries (for which the claimed amount was around Euro 236 million). 
The proceedings pertaining to compound interest mainly involve damages requests from clients arising 
from the alleged unlawfulness of the calculation methods of the amount of interest payable in connection 
with certain banking contracts. At present, the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. has made provisions 
that it deems appropriate for the risks associated with these claims. 
With regard to the litigation connected to derivative products, several financial institutions, including 
UniCredit group companies, entered into a number of derivative contracts, both with institutional and 
non-institutional investors. In Germany and in Italy there are a number of pending proceedings against 
certain Group companies that relate to derivative contracts concluded by both institutional and non-
institutional investors. The filing of such litigations affects the financial sector generally and is not 
specific to the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and its Group companies. At present, the parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. and the involved Group companies have made provisions deemed 
appropriate based on the best estimate of the impact which might derive from such proceedings. 
With respect to proceedings relating to foreign currency (FX) loans, in the last decade, a significant 
number of customers in the Central and Eastern Europe area took out these types of loans and mortgages 
denominated in a foreign currency. In a number of instances customers, or consumer associations acting 
on their behalf, have sought to renegotiate the terms of such FX loans and mortgages, including having 
the loan principal and associated interest payments redenominated in the local currency at the time that 
the loan was taken out, and floating rates retrospectively changed to fixed rates. In addition, in a number 
of countries legislation that impacts FX loans was proposed or implemented. These developments 
resulted in litigation against subsidiaries of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in a number of CE&EE 
countries including Croatia, Slovenia and Serbia. 
In 2015, the Republic of Croatia enacted amendments to the Consumer Lending Act and Credit 
Institutions Act mandating the conversion with retroactive effect of Swiss franc (CHF)-linked loans into 
Euro-linked (the Conversion Amendments). 
In 2019, the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia ruled that the CHF currency clause contained in 
certain loan and mortgage documentation was invalid (standing confirmed by the Constitutional Court 
in March 2021). In March 2020, the Supreme Court ruled that agreements entered into following the 
Conversion Amendments whereby customers converted their CHF mortgages and/or loans into EUR

--- Page 340 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
340 
are valid and accordingly no additional payments are due. In May 2022, the ECJ rendered a preliminary 
ruling in the court case against Zagrebacka banka d.d. (Zaba) taking the stand that the Directive on 
unfair terms in consumer contracts is not applicable in cases in which the conversion was based on 
national law (as it was in Croatia). The ECJ also referred to the local Croatian courts to decide on the 
conversion agreements and their effects. In December 2022, the Supreme Court ruled that customers 
who converted under the Conversion Amendments are entitled to the penalty interest on their 
overpayments before the conversion. Due to the court practice related to FX matters, since 2019, there 
was a significant increase in the number of new lawsuits against Zaba. Statute of limitation for filing 
individual lawsuits in respect of the invalidity of the Swiss franc currency clause expired on 14 June 
2023. Considering all the above, provisions have been booked which are deemed appropriate. 
VIP 4 Medienfonds 
Various investors in Film & Entertainment VIP Medienfonds 4 GmbH & Co. KG to whom UCB issued 
loans to finance their participation, brought legal proceedings against UCB. In the context of the 
conclusion of the loan agreements, the plaintiffs claim that the Issuer provided inadequate disclosure 
about the fund structure and the related tax consequences. A settlement was reached with the vast 
majority of the plaintiffs. An outstanding final decision with respect to the question of UCB's liability 
for the prospectus in the proceeding pursuant to the Capital Markets Test Case Act (Kapitalanleger-
Musterverfahrensgesetz) which is pending at Munich Higher Regional Court, will affect only a few 
pending cases. 
Claims in relation to a syndicated loan 
UCB , together with several other financial institutions, has been named as a defendant in complaints 
filed by the judicial administrator and foreign representative of a Brazilian oil and gas conglomerate in 
July 2021 in the United States before the Southern District of New York court claiming damages in 
connection with the repayment of a syndicated loan for two oil drilling rigs UCB participated in that 
defendants are alleged to have unlawfully obtained. 
Alpine Holding GmbH 
Legal proceedings against UCB Austria arose from bondholders’ claims commenced in June/July 2013. 
The claims stemmed from the insolvency of Alpine Holding GmbH, as UCB Austria acted as joint lead 
manager, together with another bank, for the undertaking of Alpine Holding GmbH bond issues in 2010 
and 2011. Bondholders’ claims are mainly referred to prospectus liability of the joint lead manager, 
whereas a minority of the cases is based on misselling due to allegedly unlawful investment advice. The 
damage claims amount to Euro 18.7 million in total. These proceedings are mainly pending in the first 
instance and may be adverse to UCB Austria. 
Meanwhile, the expert appointed by the Court in the majority of the civil proceedings had issued a report 
largely in favour of UCB Austria and the other issuing banks. appointed by the Court in the majority of 
the civil proceedings had issued a report largely in favour of UCB Austria and the other issuing banks. 
Based on this report, in December 2023 the Court rendered a first partial judgement on the investors’ 
prospectus liability claims, in which it confirmed the legal position of UCB Austria and the other issuing 
banks that the prospectuses were correct and complete, thus fully rejecting the investors’ claims based 
on prospectus liability. The investors can appeal against this decision. An appeal is very likely. Therefore, 
the final outcome of the lawsuits cannot be assessed as of yet. 
In addition to the ongoing proceedings against UCB Austria stemming from the Alpine insolvency, 
further Alpine-related actions have been threatened and may be filed in the future. The pending or future 
actions may have negative consequences for UCB Austria. Despite the favourable expert opinion 
mentioned above, at the moment it is impossible to estimate reliably the timing and results of the various 
actions, nor determine the level of liability, if any. 
Bitminer Litigation in the Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina 
In 2019, a local customer, Bitminer Factory d.o.o. Gradiška (Bitminer), filed a lawsuit before the District 
Commercial Court in Banja Luka claiming damages for unjustified termination of its current bank 
accounts by UniCredit Bank a.d. Banja Luka (UCBL), a subsidiary of the parent company UniCredit

--- Page 341 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
341 
S.p.A. in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republic of Srpska. Bitminer alleged that termination of the accounts 
obstructed its initial coin offering (ICO) relating to a start-up renewable-energy-powered cryptocurrency 
mining project in Bosnia and Hercegovina. 
On 30 December 2021, the first instance court adopted most of Bitminer's claims and ordered UCBL to 
pay damages in the amount of BAM 256,326,152 (approx. Euro 131.2 million) (the Judgment). The 
appeal was filed in January 2022. On 18 April 2023, the High Commercial Court reversed the Judgment 
in its entirety, and issued a final, binding, and enforceable second instance judgement (the Second-
Instance Judgment). The second instance court established that Bitminer's claim is unfounded and that 
UCBL is not liable for any damages. Bitminer duly filed a revision, an extraordinary legal remedy, to the 
Supreme Court of the Republic of Srpska. The revision proceedings do not suspend or otherwise affect 
the finality and enforceability of the Second-Instance Judgement. 
Lawsuit brought by “Paolo Bolici” 
In May 2014, the company wholly owned by Paolo Bolici sued the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in 
the Court of Rome asking for the return of approximately Euro 12 million for compound interest 
(including alleged usury component) and Euro 400 million for damages. The company then went 
bankrupt. The parent company UniCredit S.p.A. won the case in the first instance and, in the course of 
the appeal, the parties reached a settlement, following which the case was definitively discontinued, also 
after the intervention by Mrs Beatrice Libernini, Mr Bolici’s business partner, was declared 
inadmissible. 
On 31 July 2020, Mrs Libernini sued the parent company UniCredit S.p.A., seeking damages based on 
analogous facts to those alleged in the 2014 proceedings. The Court ruled in favour of the parent 
company UniCredit S.p.A. The appeal filed by the other party is pending. 
In February 2023, Mr Bolici and Mrs Libernini commenced new proceedings before the Court of Rome, 
in which, recalling most of the claims already put forward by both of them and identifying the Issuer as 
the main architect of the Group's financial collapse, they claim further damages for various reasons, 
invoking new allegations whose merits are currently being assessed. In January 2024 the Court of Rome 
ruled in favour of the Issuer, fully dismissing the claims by the plaintiffs, who may now appeal. 
Giovanni Lombardi Stronati 
In June 2023 Mr Giovanni Lombardi Stronati commenced proceedings before the Court of Rome seeking 
a declaration that the Issuer is contractually liable for having ordered the sale of securities in his name, 
which had been seized in the context of criminal proceedings in which he was charged and then acquitted 
for embezzlement and fraudulent bankruptcy. The claim amounts to Euro 420 million and is based on 
allegations whose merits are currently being assessed. Following the first hearing of September 2023, the 
Court is due to decide on the alleged liability of the Issuer in the second quarter of 2024, leaving the issue 
of the calculation of the alleged damages for a potential further phase of the case. 
 
Mazza 
In 2005 the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. filed a criminal complaint against a Notary, Mr. Mazza, 
representatives of certain companies and disloyal employees of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. in 
relation to unlawful lending transactions in favour of certain clients for approximately Euro 84 million. 
The criminal court of first instance acquitted the defendants. 
The Court of Appeal of Rome reversed this decision and found all the defendants guilty. Following a 
further appeal, while stating that some accusations were time-barred, the Supreme Court confirmed the 
decisions of the Court of Appeal in respect of the damages sought by the Issuer. In May 2022, the 
insurance company indemnified the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. under the applicable policy, 
paying an amount of Euro 33.5 million in relation to the losses suffered by the bank. 
Following the acquittal in the first-instance criminal proceedings, Mr. Mazza and other persons involved 
in the criminal proceedings filed two lawsuits for compensation claims against the parent company 
UniCredit S.p.A.: (i) the first (commenced by Mr. Mazza with a claimed amount of approximately Euro 
15 million) was won by the Issuer at first-instance and the judgment is now final; (ii) in the second 
(commenced by Como S.r.l. and Mr. Colella with a claimed amount of approximately Euro 379 million) 
case the Court of Rome ruled in favour of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. Plaintiffs have appealed 
and reduced the claimed amount to Euro 100 million.

--- Page 342 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
342 
Criminal proceedings 
Certain entities within UniCredit Group and certain of its representatives (including those no longer in 
office), are involved in various criminal proceedings and/or, as far as the parent company UniCredit is 
aware, are under investigation by the competent authorities with regard to various cases linked to 
banking transactions. 
At present, these criminal proceedings have had no significant negative impact on the operating results 
and capital and financial position of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or the Group, however 
there is a risk that, if the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or other UniCredit Group entities or their 
representatives (including those no longer in office) were to be convicted, these events could have an 
impact on the reputation of the parent company UniCredit S.p.A. and/or UniCredit Group. 
In relation to the criminal proceedings relating to the diamond offer, see the following paragraph 
"Diamond offer".  
Labour-related litigation 
UniCredit is party to a number of employment law disputes. In general, all employment law disputes are 
supported by provisions made to meet any disbursements incurred and, in any case, UniCredit does not 
believe that any liabilities related to the outcome of the pending proceedings could have a significant 
impact on its economic and/or financial condition. 
Lawsuits filed against UniCredit S.p.A. by members of the former Cassa di Risparmio di Roma 
Fund 
Lawsuits brought against UniCredit S.p.A. by members of the former Cassa di Risparmio di Roma Fund 
aimed to reconstitute the patrimony of the fund, ascertain and quantify social security individual position 
of each member. Claims’ value is about Euro 384 million. The litigation is now pending before the 
Supreme Court after two degrees decisions favourable to the Issuer. No provision has been made as these 
claims are considered groundless. 
Diamond offer 
Over the years, within the diversification of investments to which the available assets are addressed and 
also considering in this context those investments with the characteristics of the so-called "safe haven" 
with a long-term horizon, several UniCredit S.p.A.’s customers have historically invested in diamonds 
through a specialised intermediary company, with which the Issuer has stipulated, since 1998, a 
collaboration agreement as "Introducer", in order to regulate the "reporting" methods of the offer of 
diamonds by the same company to UniCredit customers. 
Since the end of 2016, the liquidity available on the market to meet the requests of customers who 
intended to divest their diamond assets has contracted to a certain extent until it became nil, with the 
suspension of the service by the brokerage company. 
In 2017 UniCredit started a "customer care" initiative which envisaged the availability of the Issuer to 
intervene for the acknowledgement towards the customer of the original cost incurred for the purchase 
of precious items and the consequent withdrawal of the stones, upon certain conditions. 
The initiative has been adopted assessing the absence of responsibility for its role as "Introducer"; 
nevertheless, the AGCM ascertained UniCredit’s responsibility for unfair commercial practice 
(confirmed in appeal by the Administrative Regional Court in the second half of 2018), imposing, in 
2017, a fine of Euro 4 million paid in the same year. Following the appeal filed by UniCredit against 
such ruling, the Administrative Tribunal in second instance reduced the fine imposed on UniCredit to 
Euro 2.8 million. 
On 8 March 2018, a specific communication was issued from Banca d’Italia concerning the "Related 
activities exercisable by banks", in which large attention was given to the reporting at the bank branches 
of operations, purchase and sale of diamonds by specialised third-party companies.

--- Page 343 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
343 
In order to cope with the probable risks of loss related to the repurchases of diamonds, a dedicated 
Provision for risks and charges was set up; its quantification was also based on the outcome of an 
independent study (commissioned to a primary third company) aiming at evaluating the diamonds' 
value. Finally, in line with a strategy that envisages its disposal in the short term, the gems purchased 
are recognised for about Euro 54 million in item "120. Other assets" of the balance sheet. 
On 19 February 2019, the judge in charge of the preliminary investigation at the Court of Milan had 
issued an interim seizure directed to UniCredit and other financial institutions aimed at: (i) direct 
confiscation of the amount of Euro 33 million against UniCredit for the offence of aggravated fraud and 
(ii) indirect as well as direct confiscation of the amount of Euro 72 thousand for the offence of self-
laundering against UniCredit. From the seizure order it emerged that investigations for the 
administrative offence under Article No. 25-octies of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 were pending 
against UniCredit for the crime of self-laundering.  
 
On 2 October 2019, the Issuer had and certain individuals had received the notice of conclusion of the 
investigations pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Italian Code of criminal procedure. The notice had 
confirmed the involvement of certain current and former employees for the offence of aggravated fraud 
and self-laundering. With regard to the latter, self-laundering serves as a predicate crime for the 
administrative liability of the Issuer under Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. 
 
In September 2020, a new notice pursuant to Article 415-bis of the Italian Code of Criminal Procedure 
was served on certain individuals already involved in the proceedings. The allegations against the 
UniCredit individuals only pertained to the offence of fraud. Such new allegations did not modify the 
overall investigative framework as per the notice served in the autumn of 2019. In June 2021 the public 
prosecutor had issued the formal request of indictment against certain current and former employees. 
The case was transferred to the Prosecution Office of Trieste following jurisdiction challenges made by 
the suspected individuals. The case, which had reached the preliminary hearing phase, was back at the 
investigations stage. The interim seizures of Euro 33 million and Euro 72 thousand ordered in February 
2019 were lifted. 
 
In February 2023, the Prosecution Office of Trieste requested the dismissal of the case against the 
individuals and dismissed the case against the Issuer with reference to the charge of self-laundering. The 
measure was approved by the General Prosecution Office at the Court of Appeal of Trieste, so the 
investigation against the Issuer is formally concluded. The Judge for the Preliminary Investigations then 
formally dismissed the case, accepting the Prosecutor's request.  
 
The file was sent back to Prosecution Office of Milan in relation to the charges of fraud against the 
individuals. The decisions by the new prosecutor assigned to the file are awaited. 
As far as the customer care initiative is concerned, at 31 December 2023, UniCredit received 
reimbursement requests for a total amount of about Euro 416 million (cost originally incurred by the 
Clients) from No. 12,465 Customers; according to a preliminary analysis, such requests fulfill the 
requirements envisaged by the "customer care" initiative; the finalization of the reimbursement requests 
is currently carried out, aimed at assessing their effective compliance with the "customer care" initiative, 
and then proceed with the settlement where conditions recur; with reference to the scope outlined above 
(Euro 416 million), UniCredit reimbursed No. 12,048 customers for about Euro 408 million (equivalent 
value of original purchases), equal to about 98 per cent. of the reimbursement requests said above. 
Proceeedings related to Tax matters 
Pending cases arising during the period 
• 
UniCredit, as the acquirer of PIONEER GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT S.P.A. – started a 
litigation following a tacit refusal to grant IRAP a refund on dividends in respect of the 2014 tax 
year - value Euro 2.6 million. The Tax Court of I° of Milan, in a ruling filed on 14 September 2023, 
rejected the Issuer's appeal with an order to pay the costs of litigation. The Issuer will appeal the 
judgment within the terms of the law. 
Updates on pending disputes and tax audits

--- Page 344 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
344 
With reference to 31 December 2023, the following information are reported: 
• 
The lawsuit instituted by UniCredit following the partial denial opposed to the IRES refund 
application in relation to tax years 2007, 2008 and 2009, total value €1.9 million, was concluded 
unfavorable at first instance. The Issuer appealed against the first instance ruling. On 19 December 
2023, the discussion hearing before the CGT of 2nd instance of Lombardia was held. To date, we 
are awaiting the filing of the relevant judgment.  
• 
In relation to the judgments introduced by the former "Cassa di Risparmio di Torino" (later 
UniCredit) against the silence-refusal formed on the application for reimbursement of the IRPEG 
credit and ILOR credit for the year 1984, total value €3.4 million, the Supreme Court, by order filed 
on 5 November 2021, upheld the appeals of the State Attorney's Office, ordering the referral to the 
Turin CTR; the Issuer resumed the judgment. On 11 July 2023, the hearing was held before the 
CGT II° degree of Piedmont. As of today, we are awaiting the filing of the judgment.  
• 
For the disputes instituted in 2008 by UniCredit S.p.A., as the incorporating company of Banca 
Popolare del Molise, for the recovery of IRPEG-ILOR tax credits for the years 1983,1985 and 1986, 
litigation value 1.66 million, the Agenzia delle Entrate, on 12 December 2023, notified the appeal 
for Cassation against the judgment of the CGT II° degree of Molise filed on 6 December 2022, 
invoking Art.327 c.p.c, in the version applicable ratione temporis before the reform referred to in 
article 46, Paragraph 17, of Law No.69 of 18 June 2009, that is, applying for the appeal the annual 
long term instead of the six-month term introduced by the aforementioned law. The Issuer will 
constitute itself in court. 
Regarding the litigations concerning tax refund claims filed by Banca Farmafactoring S.p.A. and referred 
to UniCredit following the exercise by Banca Farmafactoring of the right to transfer back the receivables 
previously transferred to it by UniCredit, the following is reported: 
• 
denial of reimbursement of 1989 IRPEG credit of the former Cassa di Risparmio Reggio Emilia, 
value €1.89 million for IRPEG and €1.82 million for interest: the Emilia Romagna CTR, in a ruling 
filed on 3 January 2022, rejected the Office's appeal, confirming the Issuer's right to reimbursement 
of €1.9 million. The Office appealed to the Supreme Court and the Issuer filed a counter-appeal 
with cross-appeal. Awaiting scheduling of hearing. 
• 
denial of reimbursement of 1997 IRPEG credit of the former Banca di Roma S.p.A. total amount 
€43.5 million: the CGT of 2nd instance of Lazio dismissed the appeal of the Issuer, which 
challenged this ruling both in the Supreme Court and by appeal for revision before the same Court 
of Justice of 2nd instance of Lazio. Pending the scheduling of the respective hearings for processing. 
• 
denial of refund of IRPEG credit years 1994-1997 and ILOR 1996, value €31 million of the former 
Banca Mediterranea S.p.A.: at the hearing of 22 October 2021, the Basilicata CTR ordered the 
Agenzia delle Entrate to file the Trial Proceedings that gave rise to the notices of assessment 
indicated in the court documents and relating to the tax periods in which the credits at issue were 
allegedly realized and indicated in the tax returns. The hearing of the case was held on 24 June 
2022. The judgment has not yet been filed. 
In relation to the settled litigations, it should be noted that the litigation brought by UniCredit against the 
express refusal of the repayment of the IRES paid in excess for the year 2007, litigation value €4.97 
million, ended with a judgment of the Supreme Court filed on 7 November 2023, which definitively 
dismissed the Issuer’s appeal. 
In relation to the litigation brought by UniCredit as acquirer of Banco di Sicilia S.p.A., adverse notice of 
assessment IRPEG/IRAP year 2002, value of litigation €5.28 million, the Supreme Court, with judgment 
filed on 26 September 2023, accepted the appeal brought by the Office and referred the judgement to the 
CGT of II° Sicily. The Issuer is considering whether to resume the judgment within the time limits 
required by law. 
Regarding the judgments brought by UniCredit as the assignee of Palmaria s.c.r.l., against the silent 
refusal of the applications for repayment of the IRPEG credit for various tax years, the total value of the 
litigation was €8.59 million, the Cassation, by several judgments filed during the year, finally dismissed 
the Office’s appeals and established the Issuer’s right to repayment of the disputed claims.

--- Page 345 ---
Description of UniCredit and the UniCredit Group 
345 
In relation to the application for compliance with the judgment n.178/7/2012 by which the Provincial 
Tax Commission of Palermo had recognised the right of the Issuer to the refund of the additional interest 
accrued and accruing on the IRPEG credit tax year 1995 repaid in 2009, value of litigation €1.9 million, 
the Office granted the refund on 31 July 2023 and at the hearing of the dispute pending before the CGT 
of first degree of Palermo held on 29 September 2023 declared the discontinuance of the matter in dispute 
with compensation for the litigation expenses. 
In relation to the litigation concerning the role and collection notice concerning IRAP Regione Veneto e 
Toscana tax year 2003, value of litigation €3.56 million, on 18 December 2023, following the judgment 
n.1063/2023 of the CGT of II° Instance of Emilia-Romagna, which upheld the appeal of the Issuer, the 
Agenzia delle Entrate reimbursed the amount of €3,567,579.00. 
No tax audits are in progress. 
Proceedings connected with Supervisory Authority Measures 
UniCredit Group is subject to complex regulation and supervision by, inter alia, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the EBA, the ECB within the European System of Central Banks (ESCB), as well as other 
supervisory authorities. In this context, the UniCredit Group is subject to normal supervision by the 
competent authorities. Some supervisory actions and investigations in progress at the date of this Base 
Prospectus may result in charges of alleged irregularities, but currently the Group does not expect any 
proceeding which could have relevant effects on the financial situation or profitability of the Issuer and/or 
the UniCredit Group. 
In this regard it should be noted that on 21 February 2024, the Italian Personal Data Protection Authority 
notified UniCredit of a Euro 2.8 million fine related to the sanctioning proceeding opened in February 
2020 and regarding a violation of customers' personal data following a Cyber-attack (data breach) 
occurred in October 2018. The Issuer has presented a recourse. 
7. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
7.1 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UniCredit's share capital, fully subscribed and paid up, amounted 
to Euro 21,367,680,521.48, comprising 1,681,835,671 ordinary shares without nominal value. 
7.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The Issuer was established in Genoa, Italy by way of a private deed dated 28 April 1870. 
The Issuer is registered with the Company Register of Milano-Monza-Brianza-Lodi under registration 
number, fiscal code and VAT number no. 00348170101. 
The 
current 
Articles 
of 
Association 
was 
registered 
with 
the 
Company 
Register 
of 
Milano-Monza-Brianza-Lodi on 16 April 2024. 
Pursuant to Clause 4 of the Articles of Association, the purpose of the Issuer is to engage in deposit-
taking and lending in its various forms, in Italy and abroad, operating wherever in accordance with 
prevailing provisions and practice. It may execute, while complying with prevailing legal requirements, 
all permitted transactions and services of a banking and financial nature. In order to achieve its corporate 
purpose as efficiently as possible, the Issuer may engage in any activity that is instrumental or in any 
case related to the above. The Issuer, in compliance with current legal provisions, may issue bonds and 
acquire shareholdings in Italy and abroad. 
8. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
8.1 
Except for the ordinary course of business, UniCredit has not entered into any material contract which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being issued.

--- Page 346 ---
Taxation 
346 
Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws and published practices in force as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities 
or commodities) may be subject to additional or special rules. Where in this summary English terms and 
expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall 
be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to products that may be 
redeemed by physical delivery (including products granting entitlement to  receive assets qualifying as shares or 
other participations in the share capital) nor the tax consequences for an investor with respect to the disposal or 
holding of the relevant assets that may be received through redemption by physical delivery of the relevant product 
(including assets qualifying as shares or other participations in the share capital). 
The tax legislation of the Noteholder's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts 
under Italian tax law. 
Italian tax treatment of proceeds payable under the Notes 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes may be different depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through 
which the subscriber of the Notes transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital for the purpose of 
obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its (partial or entire) 
reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial instruments 
not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the subscriber of the Notes invests 
indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit deriving from the 
negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
Tax treatment of the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (Decree 239) provides for the applicable 
regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued by, inter alia, Italian banks.  
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (Decree 917) bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
are securities that:

--- Page 347 ---
Taxation 
347 
(a) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value; 
(b) 
attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the issuer 
or in the management of the business in respect of which the notes have been issued; and 
(c) 
do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the issuer, or other companies 
belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities have been issued. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital 
financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, 
other than shares and assimilated instruments, as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 
August 2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as further amended and 
clarified by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, and by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, 
converted into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of the interest, premium and other income relating 
to the Notes and is:  
a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected;  
b) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities;  
c) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other pubic and territorial entity; or  
d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation  
(unless the Noteholders has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see “Capital gains tax” 
below), interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are 
subject to a substitute tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when 
interest, premium and other income is paid or obtained by the holder upon disposal of the Notes). 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest, premium and other 
proceeds will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a credit that can be offset against the 
income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented 
from time to time.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with an 
Intermediary (as defined below), interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (IRES) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also 
to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP).  
Payments of interest, premium other income deriving from the Notes made to Italian resident real estate 
investment funds and Italian resident real estate investment companies with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di

--- Page 348 ---
Taxation 
348 
investimento a capitale fisso) (the Real Estate Funds) complying with the relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements and subject to the regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 
and/or Law Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, each as amended, are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to 
any other income tax in the hands of such Real Estate Funds, provided that the Notes are timely deposited with 
an Intermediary (as defined below).  Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of 
the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of 
the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per 
cent.. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its 
participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax 
in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or 
shares on a tax transparency basis. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a Real Estate 
Fund), an investment company with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale fisso, other than 
a Real Estate Fund) or an investment company with variable capital (SICAV, i.e. società di investimento a capitale 
variabile) (together, the Funds) established in Italy and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an Intermediary (as defined below), 
interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Fund, but must be included in the management results 
of the Fund.  The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may in 
certain circumstances apply to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders or in case of redemption 
or sale of the units or shares in the Fund.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined 
below), interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of 
the tax period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies (società di 
gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance 
(each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of 
Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and (b) intervene, in any way, 
in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes 
are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer and gross recipient that are Italian resident, 
corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively 
connected that are entitled to deduct the suffered imposta sostitutiva from income taxes due.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholder is 
the beneficial owner of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes (certain types of institutional 
investors are deemed to be beneficial owner by operation of law) and is (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country 
which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 September

--- Page 349 ---
Taxation 
349 
1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended according to Article 
11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or 
(b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or (d) an institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not 
possess the status of taxpayer therein and provided that it timely files with the relevant depositary an appropriate 
self-declaration confirming its status of institutional investor.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any) to interest, premium and other income paid to Noteholders who are resident, 
for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, not included 
in the White List.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders mentioned above must (a) deposit, in due time, 
directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities 
management system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance having 
appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239 (Euroclear and Clearstream qualify as such 
latter kind of depositary) and (b) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the 
Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the 
Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on interests 
payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible for 
a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax residence 
of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree 917 and qualify as titoli 
atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended 
(Decree No. 512), may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, bond or 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and which do not 
grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or control of) the management of the issuer. Subject 
to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), if 
such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-
Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty to the extent that the conditions for its application 
are met.

--- Page 350 ---
Taxation 
350 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in 
accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities, 
(iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, a trust not carrying out mainly or esclusively commercial 
activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject 
to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under certain conditions and limitations, 
Noteholders may set off capital gains with their capital losses. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain (redditi diversi), any interest, premium and other income 
on the Notes accrued and unpaid up to the time of the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the sale price. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption 
of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may choose one of the three regimes described 
below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Noteholders under 
(i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital 
gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the investor in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such 
year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to 
pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
“risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being 
deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato 
regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect 
of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to 
pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such 
loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the 
same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the 
so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent., to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued

--- Page 351 ---
Taxation 
351 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. Subsequent distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the 
event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, 
to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor 
and the percentage of its participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant 
investors and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage 
of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant tax period which is exempt 
from income tax. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income realised by 
the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund may be subject, 
in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian 
law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets are neither subject to 
the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling of required documentation (in 
particular, a self-declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian 
qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are 
deposited).  
The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under EU Directive 
2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for income tax purposes; 
conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF) cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, a non-
Italian resident beneficial owner of the capital gains relating to the Notes without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected is not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised 
upon sale or redemption of the Notes, provided that the Noteholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the 
capital gain and is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as 
listed in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White 
List even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein. In such cases, in order to benefit from this exemption 
from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian 
authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio gestito regime or are subject to the so-
called risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 
1997, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be 
required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or 
redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 
26 per cent.

--- Page 352 ---
Taxation 
352 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes, 
provided all the conditions for the application of such double traxation treaty are met. 
Tax treatment of derivative financial instruments 
Based on the principles stated by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, payments in 
respect of Notes qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego 
di capitale) as well as capital gains realised through the sale of the same Notes would be subject to Italian taxation 
according to the same rules described under the section headed “Capital gains tax” above. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11(2) of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new tranche of Notes forming part of a 
single series with a previous tranche of Notes, for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes subject to imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new tranche of 
Notes will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original tranche of notes. This rule applies where (a) 
the new tranche of Notes is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous tranche of Notes and (b) 
the difference between the issue price of the new tranche of Notes and that of the original tranche of Notes does 
not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the 
Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a result 
of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000;  
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; and  
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. Under certain 
conditions the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set 
forth by Italian law are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the 
following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are 
subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject 
to registration tax only in the case of voluntary registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case of use (caso 
d’uso).

--- Page 353 ---
Taxation 
353 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (Decree 201), a proportional stamp duty applies 
on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for 
the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; and cannot exceed €14,000 for 
taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or redemption amount or in the case the nominal or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it is 
not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank 
of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by the 
investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth Tax on securities deposited 
abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) and Article 18-bis of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial 
private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnerships, holding the Notes outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. (IVAFE) (0.4 per cent., as of 2024, in case of 
financial assets held in States or territories with privileged tax regime identified by the Ministerial Decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999). For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure 
is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled 
to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are administered 
by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived from 
such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Decree 201 does apply. 
Tax monitoring obligations  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, 
as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes under certain conditions, are required 
to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the amount of investments directly or 
indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the beneficial owner of the instrument. 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, for investments and financial activities (including the Notes) under 
management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries and for contracts concluded through 
their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have 
been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the intermediaries themselves.

--- Page 354 ---
Taxation 
354 
Foreign deposit and/or bank accounts which aggregate value does not exceed the 15.000 euros threshold 
throughout the year are exempted from tax monitoring duty. 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG 
The following information is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 (the 
Relibi Law), as amended, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding 
tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Automatic Exchange of Information 
The Issuer may be required to report certain information about its holders of Notes and, as the case may be, about 
individuals controlling holders of Notes that are entities, on an automatic and annual basis to the Luxembourg 
direct tax administration (Administration des contributions directes) in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Luxembourg law of 24 July 2015 concerning FATCA, and/or the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 
implementing Council Directive 2014/107/EU and the standard for automatic exchange of financial account 
information in tax matters developed by the OECD with the G20 countries (commonly referred to as the “Common 
Reporting Standard”), each as amended from time to time (each an AEOI Law and collectively the AEOI Laws). 
Such information, which may include personal data (including, without limitation, the name, address, country(ies) 
of tax residence, date and place of birth and tax identification number(s) of any reportable individual) and certain 
financial data about the relevant Notes (including, without limitation, their balance or value and gross payments 
made thereunder), will be transferred by the Luxembourg direct tax administration to the competent authorities of 
the relevant foreign jurisdictions in accordance with, and subject to, the relevant Luxembourg legislation and 
international agreements. 
Investors should consult their professional tax advisers as the above does not address any potential implication 
that the Luxembourg law dated 25 March 2020 implementing EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 
2018 amending the Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation as regards 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border

--- Page 355 ---
Taxation 
355 
arrangements in order to disclose potentially aggressive tax planning arrangements (also commonly referred to as 
DAC 6) may have. 
THE EUROPEAN PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the participating Member States) as well as Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Therefore, it is currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the participating EU 
Member States and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Notes. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional notes (as described under Condition 19 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in 
Global Form or under Condition 17 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 356 ---
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
356 
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
The Issuer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to warrant and undertake that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
The Dealers have, in the Twenty-Second Amended and Restated Programme Agreement dated 10 May 2024 (such 
programme agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form” and “Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes”. In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions 
exempt from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell 
or deliver the Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the Issue Date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date), within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented

--- Page 357 ---
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
357 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a Non-exempt 
Offer) following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 358 ---
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
358 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as amended, 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in the United Kingdom means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and

--- Page 359 ---
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
359 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA)) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not 
apply to the Issuer if it was not an authorised person; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of the 
Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to 
Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the 
Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of the 
Financial Services Act and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time), Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the Italian Banking Act) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Investors should also note that, in connection with the subsequent distribution of the Notes (with a minimum 
denomination lower than €100,000 or its equivalent in another currency) in the Republic of Italy, in accordance 
with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies 
under paragraph (a) or (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must 
be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial 
instruments for any damages suffered by investors. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 360 ---
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
360 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and accordingly each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell 
any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Austria 
In addition to the restrictions described in the sections "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” and 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" above, the Notes may be offered for the first time in Austria only 
once a notification to the issue calendar (Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank 
(Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the 
Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior 
to the commencement of the relevant offer of such Notes in Austria.  
Singapore 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (Corporations 
Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it:

--- Page 361 ---
Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions 
361 
(i) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(ii) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus, advertisement or other 
offering material relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless, 
(1) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act, 
(2) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning of section 761G  
of the Corporations Act, 
(3) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, and 
(4) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 362 ---
General Information 
362 
General Information 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
UniCredit dated 2 May 2000. The update of the Programme was duly authorised by the resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of UniCredit dated 12 January 2024 and 3 November 2021. 
APPROVAL, LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. In particular application may also be made for the Notes to be listed on the Electronic Bond 
Market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (MOT). Application may also be made for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the Euro TLX, the multilateral trading facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (Euro TLX). 
SELLING CONCESSION OR OTHER CONCESSIONS 
A selling concession or other concession may be charged as set out in the Final Terms. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
For so long as the Notes issued under the Programme will be listed in Luxembourg, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available, in electronic format on the website of the Issuer 
(www.unicreditgroup.eu): 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association (with an English translation where applicable) of the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
the 2022 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts; 
(c) 
the 2023 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts; 
(d) 
the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2023 – Press Release; 
(e) 
the UniCredit Unaudited Consolidated Interim Report as at 31 March 2024 – Press Release; 
(f) 
the latest unaudited consolidated interim accounts of UniCredit (with an English translation thereof). 
(g) 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, together with any opinion on each such framework issued 
by a second party consultant as well as any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
from time to time published by the Issuer, will be available in the investor relations section on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.unicreditgroup.eu. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party opinion or public reporting are incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
(h) 
UniCredit currently prepares audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements on an 
annual basis and unaudited consolidated financial statements on a quarterly and semi-annual basis. 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 363 ---
General Information 
363 
(j) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms 
relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be available for inspection or collection from the offices of the Issuer and of the Paying Agent by a 
holder of such Note or may be delivered to such holder via email and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). 
The information on the abovementioned websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information 
contained therein is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus (and all documents incorporated by reference) will remain publicly available in 
electronic form for at least ten years after its publication on the websites referred to in paragraphs 2 and 6 of 
Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes in Global Form in bearer form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN 
for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Notes in Global Form are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will be in 
bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Dematerialised Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The registered office and principal place of business of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, 
Italy. 
CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
YIELD 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and significant change in the financial performance of the 
Group  
Except for what reported in the section headed “Risk Factors”, paragraph 1.1.1 “Risks associated with the 
impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the geopolitical tensions”, there has been no

--- Page 364 ---
General Information 
364 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial 
statements as at 31 December 2023.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 March 2024 to the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
Except for what reported in the section headed “Risk Factors”, paragraph 1.1.1 “Risks associated with the impact 
of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the geopolitical tensions”, there has been no significant 
changes in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since 31 March 2024. 
TREND INFORMATION 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year 
Except for what reported in the section headed “Risk Factors”, paragraph 1.1.1 “Risks associated with the impact 
of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the geopolitical tensions”, the Issuer is not aware about 
any other known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
This Base Prospectus does not include any profit forecasts or estimates. 
LITIGATION 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in section “Legal and Arbitration Proceedings” and “Proceedings 
connected with Supervisory Authority Measures”, and in the 2023 UniCredit Annual Report and Accounts from 
page 516 to page 523, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which, according to 
the information available at present, may have or have had in such period a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
EXTERNAL AUDITORS 
UniCredit’s annual financial statements must be audited by external auditors appointed by its shareholders, under 
reasoned proposal by UniCredit’s Board of Statutory Auditors. The shareholders’ resolution and the Board of 
Statutory Auditors’ reasoned proposal are communicated to CONSOB. The external auditors examine UniCredit’s 
annual financial statements and issue an opinion regarding whether its annual financial statements comply with 
the IAS/IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the European Union 
governing their preparation; which is to say whether they are clearly stated and give a true and fair view of the 
financial position and results of the Group. Their opinion is made available to UniCredit’s shareholders prior to 
the annual general shareholders’ meeting. Since 2007, following a modification of the Financial Services Act, 
listed companies may not appoint the same auditors for more than nine years. 
At the ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of UniCredit held on 9 April 2020, KPMG S.p.A. 
(KPMG), has been appointed to act as UniCredit's external auditors for the 2022-2030 nine-year period, pursuant 
to Article 13, paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree no. 39/2010 and to CONSOB Communication 97001574 dated 
20 February 1997.  
KPMG is a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, enrolled with the Companies' Register of Milan under 
number 00709600159 and registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) 
maintained by Minister of Economy and Finance with registration number no: 70623, having its registered office 
at Via Vittor Pisani 25, 20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG is a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing 
firms.

--- Page 365 ---
General Information 
365 
Except for the financial information contained in the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group 
and in the financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, no 
other financial information has been verified by the auditors.  
KPMG has audited and issued unqualified audit opinions – incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus – 
on the consolidated financial statements of the UniCredit Group and on the financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they are 
included or incorporated, with the consent of the auditors who have authorised the contents of that part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
No auditors have resigned, have been removed or have not been re-appointed during the financial statements 2022 
and 2023. 
DEALERS' INTERESTS 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business and may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. UniCredit Bank GmbH, the Arranger and Dealer, is part of the 
UniCredit Group. The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved 
in each issue or offer of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 366 ---
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
366 
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INDEX LINKED NOTES AND INFLATION LINKED 
INTEREST NOTES 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index (the Index Linked Notes) pursuant to the Programme, 
where the underlying index is either (i) the Italy CPI (the Italy CPI Linked Notes), or (ii) the HICP or the Non 
revised index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco published by Eurostat (HICP) (the HICP Linked Notes). The following information 
provides a clear and comprehensive explanation to prospective investors about how the value of Index Linked 
Notes is affected by the value of the underlying index. 
Italy CPI or ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price 
Index Unrevised means, subject to the Terms and Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di 
operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT - Istituto Nazionale di 
Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the ISTAT) which appears on Bloomberg Page ITCPI (or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level of such index), provided that for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final Redemption Amount, the first publication or announcement of a 
level of the Index (excluding estimates) by the ISTAT for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later 
revisions of the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
Measuring inflation consists of monthly compilation of price changes of a pre-determined group of goods and 
services (known as basket). In Italy, the Consumer price index for blue- and white-collar worker households 
(FOI), 
generally 
used 
for 
monetary 
revaluations, 
is 
calculated 
by 
the 
ISTAT.  
For the Italy CPI, in 2015, the calculation of price change concerns a basket of 1,441 items (from pasta to 
passenger air transport, from bread to personal computers, or from petrol to coffee at a bar, etc.) representing the 
universe of products purchased by households.  
These products go to make up the so-called basket, which is divided into 12 expenditure divisions, each with its 
own weight: Food and non-alcoholic beverages; Alcoholic beverages, tobacco; Clothing and footwear; Housing, 
water, electricity, gas and other fuels; Furnishings, household equipment and routine household maintenance; 
Health; Transport; Communication; Recreation and culture; Education; Restaurants and hotels; Miscellaneous 
goods and services. Within each division, each type of goods or services contributes to the compilation of the 
index with a weight equal to its importance on the total household consumption expenditure. For example, bread 
weighs 1.0 per cent. in the basket while pasta weighs only 0.5 per cent., hotel room weighs 2.1 per cent. and 
holiday farms 0.1 per cent. 
The products in the basket and the weight attributed to them are defined according to household consumption 
expenditure, in order to represent the structure of population's consumption. Each year a sample is specified, made 
up of the products whose price dynamic is representative of that of a wider range: for example, to calculate the 
variation in prices of the "Small electrical appliances" consumption segment, we follow the prices of plugs, 
electric batteries, energy saving light bulbs and adapter plugs. The identification of major household expenditure 
aggregates and the estimation of their weights are carried out using as main source National Accounts data on 
household final consumptions. These major expenditure aggregates, up to the selection of single products and the 
estimation of their weights, are detailed using several sources available both inside (Household Budget Survey 
which involves approximately 28,000 Italian households every year; Foreign Trade, Industrial Production and 
Tourism Flow Surveys) and outside ISTAT (figures from ACNielsen, SIAE, etc.) in order to ensure an accurate 
coverage. 
The basket is updated each year to represent the actual household purchasing behaviour and to take into account 
any changes in this behaviour and in the range of products offered on the market. Each year either the goods and 
services in the basket or their weights are updated. For example, some new items in the 2015 basket reflect the 
change in household consumption behaviour (such as gluten-free biscuit and gluten-free pasta, non-alcoholic beer, 
car sharing and bike sharing, beverages dispensed by automatic vending machine, ginseng coffee at the café and 
fiscal counsel for dwelling taxes computation). Other updating of the basket can be done in order to improve the

--- Page 367 ---
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
367 
coverage of some household expenditure aggregates (such as the addition of pizza - bakery product, bed, hire of 
wheelchair for disabled people and spare parts for shavers). 
Reference base year for Italy CPI 
The FOI indices are expressed with 2015=100 as a reference base year.  
More information on Italy CPI, including past and current levels, can be found at: http://www.istat.it. 
HICP means the EUROSTAT Eurozone HICP (excluding Tobacco) Unrevised Series NSA Index which mirrors 
the weighted average of the harmonized indices of consumer prices in the Euro-Zone, excluding tobacco (non-
revised series) published by the Index Sponsor on Bloomberg under "CPTFEMU". The first publication or 
announcement of a level of the HICP for the relevant period or time of valuation of the HICP shall be final and 
conclusive and later revisions to the level for the relevant period or time of valuation will not be used in any 
calculations. The composition and calculation of the HICP by the Index Sponsor might change to reflect the 
addition of any new Member States of the European Union to the Euro-Zone without any effect to the references 
to the HICP in these Terms and Conditions. More detailed information on the HICP (including the historical Index 
values) are available on the following website: http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu and on Bloomberg page: 
CPTFEMU Index <GO>.Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco 
Unrevised Series Non Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and published by 
EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical methods (the HICP) 
is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the prices of consumer goods and 
services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have been used as 
convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price stability by the ECB in the Euro area, as well as 
for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States’ individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
(Individual HICP). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its consumer price index. 
Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for the Eurozone, as well as a 
breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country’s weight in the HICP for the Eurozone 
equals the share that such country’s final household consumption constitutes within that of the Eurozone as a 
whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are re-estimated every year in the January 
publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are the same 
for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to compare inflation 
among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the quality and comparability of 
the various countries’ indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. This also 
makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new entrant is integrated 
in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that year. The new Member State’s 
weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat’s internet site, according to a pre-determined official timetable. 
Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision is made, it is 
published with the HICP of the following month. 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. This 
procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a new 
consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the definition of 
household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 2006, the index 
reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference period, too, the weights 
for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. Starting with the release of January 2016 data 
on 25 February 2016, the reference year of the Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) series has changed 
to 2015=100.

--- Page 368 ---
Annex 1 - Further Information Related to Index Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
368 
More 
information 
on 
the 
HICP, 
including 
past 
and 
current 
levels, 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/hicp/introduction. 
HICP Linked Notes 
A HICP Linked Note is a type of Note where the interest payable and the nominal amount of the Note are both 
adjusted in line with the HICP. This means that both the interest amounts paid periodically and the principal 
required to be paid on redemption of the HICP Linked Note are adjusted to take account of changes in the HICP 
since the specified reference date for calculating the HICP (i.e. the index fixing date, as described below). 
To calculate the HICP adjustment, two HICP ‘fixing’ figures are required – one that relates to the start of the 
Note’s life (the Base HICP) and one that relates to the relevant payment date. The real rate of interest offered on 
HICP Linked Notes (i.e. the rate before taking inflation into account) is fixed when the HICP Linked Notes are 
issued. 
Interest on HICP Linked Notes 
The interest amount due on each interest payment date of a HICP Linked Note will be adjusted to take into account 
the change in inflation between the Base HICP figure and the HICP figure relating to the relevant interest payment 
date, and is calculated using the following simple formula: 
Specified Denomination x Real Rate of Interest x Day Count Fraction x (HICP relating to the relevant interest 
payment date/ Base HICP) 
Redemption of HICP Linked Notes 
Assuming that the Issuer is able to pay its debts in full and the HICP Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, HICP Linked Notes will be repaid on their maturity 
date at their nominal amount, plus/less an additional amount reflecting any increase/decrease in the HICP between 
the Base HICP figure and the HICP figure relevant to the payment date. The redemption amount is calculated at 
a specified time prior to the maturity date, unless a maximum or minimum redemption amount is otherwise 
specified. Where the HICP figure relevant to the payment date is lower than the Base HICP, investors will receive 
less than the nominal amount of the HICP Linked Notes on the maturity date if no minimum redemption amount 
is specified, or if the minimum redemption amount is specified at an amount lower than the nominal amount. 
The redemption amount due will be calculated as follows, unless a maximum or minimum redemption amount is 
specified: 
Nominal Amount x [HICP figure relating to the maturity date / Base HICP]

--- Page 369 ---
THE ISSUER 
UniCredit S.p.A. 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, 3 Tower A 
20154 Milan 
Italy 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling Studio Legale Associato 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Via Ansperto 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy