--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
UNICREDIT BANK CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA, A.S. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Czech Republic) 
€7,000,000,000  
Mortgage Covered Bond Programme 
 
Under this €7,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme (the Programme), UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., with 
its registered office at Prague 4 - Michle, Želetavská 1525/1, Postal Code 14092, Czech Republic, Identification No. 64948242, registered 
with the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, File No. B 3608, LEI: KR6LSKV3BTSJRD41IF75 (the Issuer) 
may from time to time issue mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) in accordance with Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., 
Act on Bonds, as amended (the Czech Bonds Act), Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III (the Mortgage Covered Bonds) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). This prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Base Prospectus) issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation). 
Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form (the Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Mortgage Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in relation to the nominal amount of any Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) will 
not exceed EUR7,000,000,000, subject to increase as described herein. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under section General Description 
of the Programme and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the 
Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe such Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
An investment in Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
section Risk Factors. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg (the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Mortgage Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II)). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) or a specific 
segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in 
which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 24 June 2022. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the issue price of Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to all Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of this Base Prospectus and Final Terms in relation to Mortgage Covered Bonds to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that Mortgage Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and/or Mortgage Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. 
Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody’s or the Rating Agency) is established in the European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The Issuer may issue Mortgage Covered Bonds rated by Moody’s, rated by other rating agency or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Mortgage Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See section Form of the Mortgage Covered Bonds

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
for a description of the manner in which Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued. The Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer, see section Subscription and Sale.  
 
Arranger 
UniCredit 
Dealers 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
UniCredit  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 June 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. No other person 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information given in this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement thereto. This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see section Documents Incorporated by 
Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated 
and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than the relevant parts of the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section 
Documents Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Mortgage Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
should purchase any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Mortgage Covered Bonds constitutes an offer, solicitation of 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Arranger or the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Mortgage Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Dealers (also in their capacity as green or ESG (as defined below) structuring agent), any of their 
affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of any sustainability bond 
framework or any eligible sustainable projects (including the Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below)), 
any verification of whether such eligible sustainable projects meet the criteria set out in such sustainability bond 
framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the impact the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, including Mortgage Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; 
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country where the Mortgage Covered Bonds are transferred or other 
jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser’s advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(vii) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are legal investments for it; (2) Mortgage Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRIIPS Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended) (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. No 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
UK Retail Investors 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor or in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled MiFID II Product 
Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Mortgage Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR Product 
Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Register 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (as defined below) will be calculated by 
reference, inter alia, to Constant Maturity Swap (CMS), which is currently provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (IBA), to EURIBOR, which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI), to PRIBOR, which is currently provided by Czech Financial Benchmark Facility (CFBF), to SONIA®, 
which is currently provided by the Bank of England, to SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, to €STR®, which is provided by the European Central Bank or other indices which 
are deemed benchmarks for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® do

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI and CFBF 
are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation, while IBA does 
not appear on such register. 
ESG Ratings 
The Issuer’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, among others, 
through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings (ESG ratings).  
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial 
performance, or any future ability to service the Mortgage Covered Bonds and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more 
information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant 
ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus). 
Important Information Relating to the Use of this Base Prospectus and Offers of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds Generally 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Mortgage Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Mortgage Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Mortgage Covered Bonds may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Mortgage Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including the Czech Republic), 
the United Kingdom and Japan: see section Subscription and Sale.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds with a 
denomination of at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or, where Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR1,000 (or, if the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), i.e. only 
in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus. As a result, any offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant 
Member State) must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Accordingly any person making or intending to 
make an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in that Relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Presentation of Information 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
U.S. dollars, U.S. $ and $ refer to United States dollars, the currency of the United States of America; 
Czech Koruna and CZK refer to Czech Koruna, the currency of the Czech Republic; and 
EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
The definitions for the capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus can be found using the Index of the defined 
terms beginning on page 337 of this Base Prospectus. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, one or more relevant Dealers (if 
any) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-
allot Mortgage Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the date on which 
the Issuer received the proceeds of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any loss resulting from over-allotment and stabilisation shall be borne, and any net profit arising therefrom 
shall be retained, as against the Issuer, by any Stabilising Manager for its own account.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 52 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................................. 54 
FORM OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS .......................................................................................... 55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND RELATED 
INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................................. 56 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 57 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (GERMAN LANGUAGE 
VERSION) ........................................................................................................................................................... 59 
Option I: Emissionsbedingungen für Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen ..................................... 59 
Option II: Emissionsbedingungen für Variable Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen........................... 85 
Option III: Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen ......................................... 122 
III. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (ENGLISH LANGUAGE 
VERSION) ......................................................................................................................................................... 144 
Option I: Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds .......................................... 144 
Option II: Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds ..................................... 169 
Option III: Terms and Conditions of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds .................................... 205 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CZECH AND SLOVAK LEGISLATION RELATING TO MORTGAGE 
COVERED BONDS ........................................................................................................................................... 244 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE REGULATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC............................................................................ 257 
THE COVER POOL .......................................................................................................................................... 259 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 267 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 268 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 273 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ............................................................................................................. 289 
RISK MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 296 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ............................................................................................................. 305 
BANKING REGULATION ............................................................................................................................... 309 
MORTGAGE LOANS AND THEIR REGULATORY FRAMEWORK .......................................................... 319 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 329 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 330 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 334 
INDEX ................................................................................................................................................................ 337 
APPENDIX I - Form of Final Terms (German Translation) .............................................................................. 342

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (the Delegated Prospectus Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in section Form of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and section Terms and Conditions 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and, if not defined therein, in other parts of this Base Prospectus, shall have the 
same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. These 
risk factors are set out under section Risk Factors below and 
include: 
 
(a) 
Risks relating to treatment of the Cover Pool (as defined 
below) in insolvency of the Issuer – including, in 
particular, a risks associated with over-indebted Covered 
Block (as defined below) and the principle of dual 
recourse; 
 
(b) 
currency risk – the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool will 
primarily be denominated in Czech Koruna; 
 
(c) 
risks relating to the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme; 
 
(d) 
risks relating to the Czech and Slovak mortgage market 
and certain other market risks; and 
 
(e) 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Description: 
Mortgage Covered Bond (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní list) 
Programme 
Arranger: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds denominated in a currency 
in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see section Subscription and Sale 
Subscription and Sale) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent (see section Subscription and Sale 
Subscription and Sale). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Asset Monitor: 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. will act as asset monitor pursuant to the terms 
of an asset monitor agreement and the Czech Bonds Act (the Asset 
Monitor). The Asset Monitor will be required to carry out agreed 
upon procedures in relation to the checks and calculations 
performed by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act 
and the CNB Decree (see section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds 
below) and the Conditions (see section Issuer Covenants and 
section The Cover Pool below). 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Mortgage Covered 
Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme (or, in 
relation to the nominal amount of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
which are not denominated in euro, its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) is 
EUR7,000,000,000 outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully paid basis and 
at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
(CBF) and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) (the 
ISDA Definitions); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of 
each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at 
a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons, illegality or invalidity or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving 
notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see section Certain Restrictions above.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Extended Maturity Date: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Extended Maturity 
Date will apply to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
As regards redemption of Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter), the maturity of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds not redeemed 
will automatically extend on a monthly basis up to, but not later 
than, the Extended Maturity Date. In that event the Issuer may 
redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
 
As regards interest on Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter), the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the earlier of the date on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date 
and will be payable in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date in arrear 
or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms on each 
Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at the rate provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds to which an 
Extended Maturity Date so applies, those Mortgage Covered 
Bonds may for the purposes of the Programme be: 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of the period from 
the Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in respect of the period from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Denomination of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each 
Mortgage Covered Bond will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see section Certain Restrictions 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage 
Covered Bond will be EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) or, where it is a Mortgage Covered Bond to be admitted 
to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR1,000 (or, if the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Taxation: 
As specificed in the applicable Terms and Conditions, all payments 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made with or 
without deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies 
or governmental charges imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in § 6 Taxes of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
All payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
made subject to any deduction or withholding required by FATCA, 
as provided in § 6 (2) of the Terms and Conditions and no 
additional amounts will be paid to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will not contain a 
negative pledge provision. 
Contractual Asset Cover Test: 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset 
Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst 
such breach is continuing the Issuer must not issue any Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover 
Pool. 
Status of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds: 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 
28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
 
The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds are all instruments and/or 
securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage covered bonds pursuant 
to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act, 
whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and 
whether issued under the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds), under the Local Bond Programmes, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which 
are then outstanding (the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which 
definition includes the Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, then outstanding and benefiting from the same 
Cover Pool and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided the same priority as such Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. 
 
The obligations of the Issuer arising from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds can be repaid and satisfied from any assets forming the 
respective Cover Pool of the Issuer. Although the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in 
any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, the Czech 
Insolvency Act provides for a special regime in respect of the 
obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (including Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme) issued by the Issuer (see further section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage 
Covered Bonds). 
 
Each Mortgage Covered Bond will bear the designation “hypoteční 
zástavní list” to be recognised as such under the Czech Bonds Act, 
the CNB Decree and the Czech Insolvency Act.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Issuer’s other programmes: 
In addition to the Programme, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has a (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic 
bond programme for the issuance of both: (i) mortgage covered 
bonds under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds); and (ii) other bonds issued under 
Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act; the Issuer has 
an inactive (second) CZK20,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds under Czech 
law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, 
Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Decree of the CNB No. 
164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, Vyhláška České národní 
banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing 
certain provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB 
Decree (the Previous CNB Decree) (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds); the Issuer, 
acting through its branch in Slovakia, has an inactive 
EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond programme for the issuance of 
(i) mortgage covered bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) 
under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 14 et 
seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended 
(the Slovak Bonds Act) as well as the requirements of Section 28 
et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under 
Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act (the Local 
Bond Programmes). 
 
All Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme, Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the 
Local Bond Programmes and any other Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued by the Issuer and, in each case, which are then 
outstanding: (i) have, and will have, the benefit of a statutory 
priority under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the 
Czech Insolvency Act over a single Cover Pool maintained by the 
Issuer; and (ii) constitute and will constitute unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided the same priority as Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. 
Issuer Covenants: 
The Issuer covenants in favour of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in connection with the value and maintenance of the 
Cover Pool and its compliance with certain other key obligations 
imposed on it under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the 
Slovak Banking Act (see section General Description of Czech and 
Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
section The Cover Pool). 
 
In addition, the Issuer also covenants, amongst other things, to 
ensure that it does not breach the Statutory Tests and the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test (see section The Cover Pool – 
Statutory Tests and section The Cover Pool – Contractual Asset 
Cover Test). 
 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (as to which 
see further section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds), the Issuer may

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
create, at its sole discretion and subject to the Statutory Tests and 
the Contractual Cover Test, one Cover Pool or multiple Cover 
Pools, in which case the Issuer has to specify which Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (or other Czech covered bonds issued by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) should be 
covered by each Cover Pool. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer has only one Cover Pool, which provides cover for all 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, all holders of Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer and then outstanding 
(regardless of whether they are Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme or mortgage covered bonds issued under the 
Local Bond Programmes or on a standalone basis or otherwise) 
will all have the benefit of the same Cover Pool. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is in the process 
of updating one of its Czech Local Bond Programmes and may, in 
the future, also update the other Local Bond Programmes under 
which it has issued, and may issue further, Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer may also operate further programmes 
for the issuance of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than this 
Programme and the Local Bond Programmes) in the future or it 
may also issue Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds on a standalone 
basis. Therefore, the Cover Pool must be maintained in a way that 
satisfies and complies with the terms and conditions and legal 
requirements applicable to all Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
then outstanding. 
 
Assets included in the Cover Pool may not, according to the Czech 
Bonds Act and the CNB Decree (as to which see further section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to 
Mortgage Covered Bonds), be transferred, pledged or otherwise 
used as a collateral. 
 
In addition, the Issuer covenants that assets included in the Cover 
Pool satisfy all of the Statutory Eligibility Criteria (see section The 
Cover Pool– Composition of Assets Contractual Eligibility Criteria 
for Eligible Assets (the Statutory Eligibility Criteria)) and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria (see section The Cover Pool– 
Composition of Assets – Contractual Eligibility Criteria for 
Eligible Assets). 
Rating: 
The Issuer may issue Mortgage Covered Bonds rated by Moody’s, 
rated by other rating agency or unrated. Where a Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as 
the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Moody’s appends long-term obligation ratings at the following 
levels: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca and C. To each generic 
rating category from Aa to Caa Moody’s assigns the numerical 
modifiers “1”, “2” and “3”. The modifier “1” indicates that the 
bank is in the higher end of its letter-rating category, the modifier 
“2” indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier “3” indicates 
that the bank is in the lower end of its letter-rating category. 
Moody’s also has the option of adding further guidance (referred 
to as “under review”) as to whether a rating is likely to be upgraded 
(possible upgrade), downgraded (possible downgrade) or uncertain

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
(direction uncertain). Outlooks are assigned indicating the 
direction of any pressure. Characteristics are positive, negative, 
stable and developing. Moody’s short-term ratings are opinions of 
the ability of issuers to honour short-term financial obligations and 
range from P-1, P-2, P-3 down to NP (Not Prime). 
Approval, Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Mortgage Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
Subject to the principles set out below in section Czech Law 
applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law. 
Czech Law applicable to the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, German law, will be subject to 
and will benefit from those provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, the 
CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions 
of Czech law applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered Bonds will need 
to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of 
the Czech Bonds Act and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will 
be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech 
Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the 
Covered Blocks in the case of insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including the Czech 
Republic), the United Kingdom, Japan and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, see section 
Subscription and Sale. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Mortgage Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of 
factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors 
are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it 
currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s 
control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely 
affect its business or ability to make payments due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In addition, factors which have been identified as material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described in the list below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in the individual categories depending on their nature with the most material risk 
factor presented first in each category. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the external conditions under which the Issuer conducts its business  
Risks related to the overall economic conditions in Europe 
The financial strength and profitability of the Issuer’s business could be adversely affected by worsening 
conditions in the global financial markets and global economy, particularly in the European Union (the EU), 
including the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Such a potential economic and financial downturn may be caused by 
various factors including, among others, investors’ sentiment, low interest rates levels, inflation development, the 
availability and cost of credit, the liquidity on the global financial markets and the volatility of equity prices. All 
of these factors are able to significantly affect investors’ appetite for bank financing and customers’ ability to 
service or refinance their outstanding debt. There are many possible scenarios that investors should be aware of, 
for example (i) an economic downturn could adversely affect the quality of the Issuer’s on-balance sheet and off-
balance sheet assets and consequently lead to higher loan loss provisions, goodwill impairments and as such to a 
lower profitability of the Issuer, (ii) the unfavourable market sentiment could cause the Issuer to incur mark to 
market losses in its trading portfolios or (iii) a prolonged market downturn could have a negative impact on the 
fees the Issuer earns for managing clients’ assets and, similarly, on the in-flows of assets under management. 
Additionally, significantly higher interest rates could adversely affect the long-term funding facilities. 
Following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, further anti EU political movements may become attractive and it 
cannot be excluded that one or more countries could in the future intend to leave the EU or the Eurozone, which 
could lead to partial unwinding of the European integration or result in the euro to ceasing to exist as the single 
currency of the Eurozone. Also, separatist tendencies in certain regions of the EU have attracted renewed 
popularity since 2017. Should such regions declare independence, it may have far reaching geopolitical 
consequences as well as a significant adverse effect on the stability and economy of the relevant EU Member 
States and the EU. This could also adversely affect the banking system.  
If the economic or political conditions deteriorate due to, among other things, concerns over the European 
economy, a slow-down of economic growth, one or more countries leaving the EU or the Eurozone, European 
separatism, or a return of the European sovereign debt crisis, the resulting market disruptions could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or 
prospects. 
Also, the recent outbreak of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) and its development into a global 
pandemic has had and is expected to continue to have major economic consequences for the EU economy. Even 
though the full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak is, at the moment, very difficult to assess, it has already damped

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
economic activity and eroded financial conditions across the European countries. The following table shows the 
gross domestic product (GDP) growth of selected European countries in the years 2018, 2019 and 2020.1 
 
 
Year 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Country 
(in per cent.) 
Czech Republic 
(5.6) 
2.3 
3.2 
Slovakia 
(4.8) 
2.5 
3.7 
Germany 
(4.8) 
0.6 
1.3 
Italy 
(8.9) 
0.3 
0.9 
France 
(8.1) 
1.5 
1.8 
Spain 
(10.8) 
2.0 
2.4 
Austria 
(6.6) 
1.4 
2.6 
Measures implemented by government authorities of the EU Member States to discourage or prohibit the 
movement of people are severely affecting many sectors and also largely contributes to the negative impact that 
the COVID-19 outbreak has on financial markets and level of economic activity in the EU. If the impact is severe 
or prolonged, it may result in greater volatility, reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price 
transparency in credit markets.  
Besides that, there can be no guarantee that any similar pandemics or outbreaks will not occur in the future or that 
the effects of the current global pandemic will not deteriorate further. If such pandemics or outbreaks occur in the 
future, these may result in similar or more adverse effects as the COVID-19 pandemic, and could result in similar 
or further adverse effects on the EU economy. 
Any of these developments and the increased political and economic uncertainty accompanying them have had 
and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the European and global economy and financial sector. 
Instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets may reduce the overall market liquidity which may 
in extreme circumstances lead to a credit crunch and severe financial distress of key market participants. Overall, 
the economic outlook continues to be subject to a number of risks and, hence, may prove to cause increased market 
volatility together with detrimental fluctuations in asset values or currency exchange rates or result in the European 
market sliding back into a recession , thus negatively affecting the market participants (including the Issuer), 
which could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and 
could negatively impact the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union could adversely affect the Issuer 
The UK has left the EU as of 31 January 2020 (Brexit) and the transition period ended on 31 December 2020. 
Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have 
ceased to apply to the UK. 
The Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community dated 24 January 2020 provided the UK with a 
transitional period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK was bound by EU rules despite not being its 
member state and remained in the single market area, while the future terms of the UK’s relationship with the EU 
were being negotiated. On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK agreed on the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which sets out the principles of the relationship between 
the EU and the UK following the end of the transitional period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was 
ratified by the Council of the European Union on 30 January 2021 and approved by the European Parliament on 
29 February 2021. Given the recent agreement on the wording of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, the exact 
terms of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, its practical application and the overall relationship of the UK 
and the EU is not fully clear. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others which cannot be anticipated, could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could 
negatively impact the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
                                                     
1 Source: Eurostat data available at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/NAMA_10_GDP__custom_78848/bookmark/table?lang=en&bookmarkId=7681260e-2f75-
4cd7-a153-02fc89543f2c

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Social, economic or political developments in the Czech Republic or Slovakia could adversely affect the Issuer 
The Issuer’s operations in the Czech Republic and Slovakia are exposed to a wide range of risks arising from 
currency fluctuations, regulatory changes, level of inflation, deflation, economic recession, local market 
disruption, social unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates, 
changes in tax policy, economic growth and other similar factors. The adverse effects of these factors could lead 
to an increase in defaults by the Issuer’s customers resulting in a deterioration of the Issuer’s earnings. Political 
developments or changes in the fiscal policy in the Czech Republic or Slovakia could have an adverse effect on 
the overall economic and political stability of these countries. As substantially all of the Issuer’s business is 
conducted in the Czech Republic and Slovakia and the majority of the Issuer’s operating income is generated in 
the Czech Republic, the Issuer is particularly exposed to the macroeconomic or other factors that may affect 
growth in the Czech and Slovak banking markets and the credit worthiness of Czech and Slovak retail and 
corporate customers. There can be no assurance that any political or economic instability will not occur in the 
Czech Republic or Slovakia or that any such instability will not adversely affect the Issuer’s business. Any of 
these developments or a sovereign downgrade of the Czech Republic’s or Slovakia’s rating, a decrease in the 
amount of customers or a decline in the credit worthiness of these customers could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Also, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Czech economy is profoundly influenced by the COVID-19 
outbreak and the measures adopted to prevent and limit the spread of the disease, causing the outlook to be very 
uncertain. Based on the Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic published on 
14 April 20212, it is expected that the economic activity will gradually recover, and the economic performance is 
expected to rise by 3.1 per cent. in 20213 supported by the creation of gross fixed capital, recovery of reserves 
and general government consumption. Based on the forecast that the CNB announced on 6 May 2021, the level 
of inflation is expected to be 2.4 per cent. In the second quarter of 2022 and 2.2 per cent. in the third quarter of 
2022. 
The Czech government is introducing support measures that would alleviate the impact on both businesses and 
households with the aim of preventing long term damage to the productive capacity. Nevertheless, the positive 
forecasts referred to above might not materialize and the Czech economy might not avoid a deep recession which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base or prospects.  
The COVID-19 outbreak affects not only the current condition of the Slovak economy, but also affects its outlook 
for the upcoming years. Measures taken in relation to slowing down the spread of the disease have had and are 
likely to continue to have negative impact on the Slovak economy. 
Based on the Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic published in March 
20214, the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic is expected to decrease the GDP growth in 2021 to 3.3 per 
cent. The labour market remains stable in the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Slovak economy is 
expected to increase by 6.3 per cent. in 2022 in comparison with 2021, mainly due to funds from the EU Recovery 
and Resilience Plan. A negative development risk can be the need for a hard lockdown and the logistical problems 
of vaccination. On the contrary, stimulus packages in the EU are expected to have a positive effect on Slovak 
exports. The aforementioned positive forecasts might, however, not materialize due to unexpected further 
deteroration of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Furthermore, on 6 May 2020, Fitch Credit Ratings Agency has downgraded Slovakia’s long-term foreign-
currency issuer default rating (IDR) to ‘A’ from ‘A+’, with stable outlook and on 6 November 2020 changed the 
outlook to negative.5 As to the date of this Base Prospectus, uncertainty about future developments remains high. 
Despite the fact the Slovak government has introduced various support measures and subdues to mitigate negative 
economic impacts on businesses and households, a deep recession of the Slovak economy as well as potential 
prolongation or reoccurrence of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
                                                     
2 Source: Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic available at: 
https://www.mfcr.cz/en/statistics/macroeconomic-forecast/2021/macroeconomic-forecast-april-2021-41565 
3 Source: Forecast of the CNB available at: https://www.cnb.cz/en/monetary-policy/forecast/ 
4 Source: Macroeconomic Forecast of the Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic available at: https://www.mfsr.sk/sk/financie/institut-
financnej-politiky/ekonomicke-prognozy/makroekonomicke-prognozy/55-zasadnutie-vyboru-makroekonomicke-prognozy-marec-2021.html  
5 Source: Fitch Credit Ratings Agency available at: https://www.fitchratings.com/entity/slovakia-80442238

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
The Issuer depends on credit conditions in the client sector 
A major share of the Issuer’s operating income consists of its net interest income, which, in turn, consists, for the 
most part, of net income from customer loan credit conditions and of interest income from debt securities. The 
net interest income of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 was CZK 12.1 billion (for the year ended 
31 December 2019: CZK 14.6 billion). Credit conditions in the client sector largely depend on factors beyond the 
Issuer’s control, such as the overall economic output and macroeconomic situation in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia or regulation conducted by Czech, Slovak and/or European policy makers, the Czech National Bank (the 
CNB), the National Bank of Slovakia (the NBS) and the European Central Bank (the ECB). Although the Issuer 
applies a conservative business model and credit policy, any deterioration of credit conditions in the client sector 
or part thereof could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer competes against several large international financial institutions and may face increased 
competition from less established banks or new entrants 
As banking and financial services markets in Central and Eastern Europe (the CEE), and in the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia in particular, are becoming increasingly saturated, the Issuer may experience increased competition 
from both global financial institutions and local competitors, which may lead to reductions in interest rate margins, 
pricing of loans and other products, fee and commission income and business volumes, as well as increased costs 
of deposits and other funding. Currently, the Czech and Slovak banking markets are highly concentrated. Although 
there are only a few competitors comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face 
increased competition from less established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more 
attractive interest or deposit rates or other aggressively priced products to penetrate the market. The Czech and 
Slovak banking markets continue to see the emergence of low-cost banks primarily focused on providing internet-
based banking services. 
In addition, the year of 2021 marks a consolidation trend in the Czech banking sector, including (i) the acquisition 
of Equa Bank a.s. by Raiffeisen Bank International AG (through Raiffeisenbank a.s.), which is expected to close 
around the end of the second quarter of 2021, (ii) re-contracting of retail customers of ING Bank N.V. by 
Raiffeisenbank a.s., (iii) acquisition of Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot hypoteční banka a.s. 
by MONETA Money Bank, a.s. and (iv) the proposed merger of MONETA Money Bank, a.s. and Air Bank a.s. 
In addition, the competition landscape in the payments market has been affected by Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market (the 
PSD2), which entered into force on 13 January 2018 and which aims to further develop the integrated internal 
market for electronic payments within the EU. Under the PSD2, among other things, banks are required to grant 
access to a customer’s online account and payment services to third-party providers. This enables customers to 
choose these providers instead of the bank maintaining their account for so-called (i) account information services, 
for example the display of information regarding one or more bank accounts maintained with one or more banks, 
providing to customers better overview of their financial position, and (ii) payment initiation services, that is 
initiation of electronic payments between bank accounts, for example to a merchant. Although the initial response 
of the market to the PSD2’s implementation has been slow, the spread of PSD2-compliant services may result in 
increased competition in the payments markets. This could negatively affect the market share and the related 
transaction fees of banks, including the Issuer, in this market. 
The Issuer’s ability to compete effectively will depend on the ability of its businesses to adapt quickly to these 
new market and industry trends, including product offerings, customer behaviour and legal developments, such 
as the adoption of the PSD2. The Issuer continuously monitors its business in order to adapt to such trends, but 
various factors could adversely impact the implementation of such business initiatives, including failure to identify 
new products or customer demands in time or at all, misinterpretation of anticipated trends, flawed assumptions 
underlying such initiatives or unsuccessful execution of implementation measures. If the Issuer fails to compete 
effectively with either local competitors, large international financial institutions or new financial services 
providers entering the market as a result of, among other things, the PDS2, it may have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Basel III framework may affect the capital requirements or the liquidity associated with a holding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for certain investors and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and 
complying with new capital adequacy requirements 
In 1988, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) adopted capital guidelines that 
explicitly link the relationship between a bank’s capital and its credit risks. In June 2006 the Basel Committee 
finalised and published new risk-adjusted capital guidelines (Basel II). Basel II includes the application of risk-
weighting which depends upon, amongst other factors, the external or, in some circumstances and subject to 
approval of supervisory authorities, internal credit rating of the counterparty. The revised requirements also 
include allocation of risk capital in relation to operational risk and supervisory review of the process of evaluating 
risk measurement and capital ratios. 
Basel II has not been fully implemented in all participating jurisdictions. The implementation of the framework 
in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for investors who are or 
may become subject to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. The Basel II framework was 
implemented in the European Union by the Directive 2006/48/EC and Directive 2006/49/EC on the capital 
adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions (the Capital Adequacy Directives). The Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision has approved a sequence of major reforms to the Basel II framework (the set of reform 
measures being commonly referred to as Basel III) which envisages a substantial strengthening of existing capital 
rules, including new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish 
minimum liquidity standards and minimum leverage ratios for financial institutions. In particular, the changes 
include amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen the capital 
requirements for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage 
ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). Basel III set an implementation deadline on member 
countries to implement the new capital standards from January 2013, the new LCR from January 2015 and the 
NSFR from January 2018. The changes approved by the Basel Committee may have an impact on the capital 
requirements in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and on incentives to hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the revised framework and, as a result, they may affect 
the liquidity and value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Basel III has been implemented in the European Union by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investments firms (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (CRR). CRD IV and CRR were published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013. Most of the provisions in CRD IV and CRR took 
effect on 1 January 2014. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final revised standards for calculating the risk exposure 
amount, also known as Basel IV. The Basel Committee recommends, among others, that constraints on internal 
models and the revised standardised approaches should be implemented beginning in 2022. However, the political 
process that should eventually lead to the implementation of the recommendations in the EU has started only 
recently, and the outcome thus remains uncertain. 
In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and as to the consequences for and effect on them of any changes to the Basel II 
framework (including the Basel III as well as the possible Basel IV changes described above) and the relevant 
implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise. 
In relation to the COVID-19 outbreak, the ECB stated in a press release dated 12 March 20206 that the Pillar 2 
requirements could also be met by partial use of capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1, for example AT 
1 or Tier 2 instruments (see Banking Regulation - Capital Adequacy Requirements below for further information). 
The requirements of the NSFR set out criteria for a minimum amount of stable resources to cover illiquid assets 
and contingent liabilities in the medium term (i.e. more than one year). The binding minimum standard for the 
NSFR is part of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amending the CRR and adopted together with Directive (EU) 2019/878 
amending CRD IV (CRD V), Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending the BRRD (as defined below) (BRRD II) and 
                                                     
6 Source: https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2020/html/ssm.pr200312~43351ac3ac.en.html

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 and will enter into force on 28 June 2021. The level at which the NSFR is set may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or 
prospects. 
There is no certainty as to the final framework for, or the timing of, the capital adequacy standards that will be 
ultimately developed and implemented, and the Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying 
with the new capital adequacy requirements. The new capital adequacy requirements may also impact existing 
business models. In addition, there can be no assurances that breaches of legislation or regulations by the Issuer 
will not occur and, to the extent that such a breach does occur, that significant liability or penalties will not be 
incurred. 
The Issuer is subject to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, implementing the BRRD and setting out a 
bank recovery and resolution framework which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation 
to credit institutions considered to be failing or at risk of failing. The implementation of any action under it 
could materially affect the Issuer and/or the value of any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide (which for these purposes includes the UK) 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or BRRD) designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or relevant entity. This is so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant 
entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the 
economy and financial system. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The BRRD was implemented in Czech law by the Act No. 
374/2015 Coll., on resolution and recovery of banks and other financial institutions (the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act), which came into effect from 1 January 2016 and provides for a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of Czech banks and investment firms. 
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to Czech banks (such 
as the Issuer) and distinguishes between two basic sets of measures. These measures are crisis prevention measures 
(in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis resolution measures (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). 
Responsibility for operation of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act rests almost exclusively with the CNB as 
the competent resolution authority whilst the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic has some joint powers 
together with the CNB in adopting and applying the government stabilisation tools (including the temporary public 
ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a Czech bank). The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act enables the 
CNB to intervene in failing Czech banks or Czech banks which are likely to fail and also deals with certain other 
discrete matters. The measures and procedures were implemented into Czech law by the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act without substantial deviations from the BRRD. 
The exercise of any power under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation and/or the rights of Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the price or 
value of their investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. For a detailed description of the powers available under the BRRD, as 
implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, see section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The recent outbreak of COVID-19 could adversely affect the Group’s business 
The ongoing outbreak of the COVID-19 and its development into a global pandemic, coupled with the measures 
implemented by relevant government authorities to contain it, such as closing of public services, travel restrictions, 
border controls and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement of people, have had and are further 
expected to have a material and adverse impact on the Czech, Slovak and global financial markets and on the level 
of economic activity in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and the world economy as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The possible economic downturn can have a significant negative effect on the banking sector both in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, including the Issuer. This may take the form of a reduction in private consumption and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
corporate investment and, at the same time, an increase in the unemployment rate and may therefore adversely 
affect the quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and, as a result, adversely affect the Issuer’s business and economic 
situation. 
The extent of the risk posed by COVID-19 in the future is unclear; if the impact of the virus is severe or prolonged 
and the restrictions imposed due to COVID-19 continue for extended periods of time, this may result in greater 
volatility but also in reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets. 
This may have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial performance and position in future. 
Due to an update of the macro-scenarios for individual European countries, which were prepared by the UniCredit 
Group and which took into account the negative expectations caused by COVID-19, there was also an update of 
the forward looking information component of expected credit loss calculation, according to IFRS 9, which was 
implemented and updated by the Issuer throughout the year 2020. Due to this update, there was an increase in 
total expected credit loss as of 31 December 2020 in the amount of approximately CZK 1,175 million, which can 
be considered primarily as an effect caused by the COVID-19 outbreak. Coverage ratio increased to 2.33 per cent. 
The information provided in this paragraph is assessed by the Issuer on a consolidated basis. 
COVID-19 also lead to the change of the risk classification of part of the lending portfolio. Due to a significant 
increase of credit risk related to COVID-19, the Issuer, as of 31 December 2020, transferred credit exposures from 
Stage 1 to Stage 2 in the total amount of CZK 22,218 million (compared to 18,967 in 2019). Due to the negative 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the costs of risk in 2020 amounted to CZK 2,798 million. 
The following table shows the transfer of gross carrying amount between Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 in respect 
of corporate and retail customer loans for the years 2020 and 2019. 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Corporate Customer Loans 
Retail Customer Loans 
 
Transfer to 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Transfer of Gross carrying amount from Stage 1 
(23,327) 
17,997 
5,330 
(4,666) 
4,221 
445 
Transfer of Gross carrying amount from Stage 2 
3,623 
(5,799) 
2,176 
2,920 
(3,242) 
322 
Transfer of Gross carrying amount from Stage 3 
148 
117 
(265) 
162 
90 
(252) 
 
 
31 December 2019 
 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Corporate Customer Loans 
Retail Customer Loans 
 
Transfer to 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Transfer of Gross carrying amount from Stage 1 
(18,165) 
15,097 
3,068 
(4,298) 
3,870 
428 
Transfer of Gross carrying amount from Stage 2 
4,533 
(5,218) 
685 
1,702 
(1,901) 
199 
Transfer of Gross carrying amount from Stage 3 
395 
109 
(504) 
318 
109 
(427) 
Legend: Stage 1 includes financial assets with a credit risk which has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition, as well as assets with low credit risk at the balance sheet date. The 12-month expected credit losses 
(or shorter depending on the maturity of the instrument) are recognised for these assets. Interest income is 
calculated on the basis of the gross carrying amount of assets. Stage 2 includes credit exposures that, although 
performing, have seen their credit risk significantly deteriorating since initial recognition. Full lifetime expected 
credit losses are recognised for these assets. Interest income is calculated on the basis of the gross carrying amount 
of assets. Stage 3 includes impaired credit exposures. Full lifetime expected credit losses are recognised for these 
assets. Interest income is calculated on the basis of the net carrying amount of assets. This category includes non-
performing receivables. 
As shown in the migration tables above, the year 2020 is worse mainly in the higher migration from Stage 2 to 
defaulted Stage 3. In the corporate segment that reacts faster on the macroeconomic slowdown is the amount of 
new defaults migrating from Stage 2, more than tripling the volume from 2019, i.e. from CZK 0.7 billion to CZK 
2.2 billion. Direct migration from Stage 1 to Stage 3 increased as well in the corporate segment by 74 per cent. 
(from CZK 3 billion to CZK 5.3 billion).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The 2020 development of migration between stages is rather neutral in the retail segment. Increased migration to 
Stage 3 (mainly from Stage 2) can be seen but there is also increased migration from Stage 2 to Stage 1. Due to 
frequent law moratoria utilization in 2020, there may be delayed identification of defaults during the year 2021. 
All of the above, as well as other potential consequences of COVID-19 which may yet manifest, should the 
situation in relation to COVID-19 further deteoriate, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Czech legislative measures taken in response to COVID-19 pandemic will have effect on the Issuer’s 
business 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the lender had the option to notify the lender of its intention to take 
advantage of general moratorium (in Czech, ochranná doba) (the Moratorium) under the Act No. 177/2020 Coll., 
on credit repayment measures in connection with COVID-19 (the COVID-19 Loan Moratorium Act), the 
Moratorium was to apply from the first day of the following calendar month after the notice date until (i) 31 
October 2020 or (ii) 31 July 2020, provided that the borrower notified its intention to use such a shortened 
Moratorium period.  
As one of the Issuer’s principal activity as a bank is providing loans, the COVID-19 Loan Moratorium Act and 
the institute of Moratorium in particular has had an impact on its business, including by having a significant 
influence on the development of the overall risk profile. It cannot be assumed with certainty that the Moratorium 
will not be renewed in the event of lasting consequences of COVID-19, which would reduce the Issuer’s liquidity. 
As at 31 December 2020, after the expiry of the Moratorium in the Czech Republic and for some clients also in 
Slovakia, loans in the amount of CZK 3,420 million were overdue for more than 30 days. 
Another risk that the Issuer may face as a result of the COVID-19 Loan Moratorium Act is the risk of reduced 
liquidity. Due to the temporary loss of the Issuer’s income from principal and interest payments in the case of 
consumer loans and the temporary loss of principal payments in the case of entrepreneur loans, the Issuer’s 
liquidity will be reduced. Although the Issuer’s loan to deposit ratio as of 30 April 2021 was 110 per cent, the 
future impacts cannot be fully predicted. Should the Issuer incur unexpected and significant expenses in 
connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, the lack of liquidity may affect the Issuer’s ability to bear these costs. 
Although the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic declared on 15 January 2021 that it does not intend to 
enforce a new Moratorium, it cannot be assumed with certainty. As of 31 December 2020, 16,538 clients in the 
Czech Republic and Slovakia (combined) have opted for the Moratorium, whereas the aggregate amount of the 
loans affected by the Moratorium as of 31 December 2020 was CZK 44.6 billion. 
Even though the Moratorium period is now over, there is a risk that a number of debtors will default on the 
repayments of their loans in the coming months and the Issuer will have to incur additional costs connected with 
creating provisions. This risk is compounded by the reinstatement of the restrictions in the second and subsequent 
waves of the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020 and 2021. 
Furthermore, under the Czech Act No. 191/2020 Coll., on Certain Measures Aiming to Mitigate the Negative 
Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Persons Taking Part in Court Proceedings, Injured Persons, Crime Victims 
and Natural Persons and on Changes to the Insolvency Act and the Czech Act No. 120/2001 Coll., on Court-
Appointed Distrainers and Distraining Activities (the COVID-19 Insolvency Act), a debtor’s obligation to file 
for insolvency was suspended for the duration of the relevant extraordinary measures taken by the Czech 
government to combat the spread of COVID-19. This suspension shall last for the duration of such extraordinary 
measures and a further period of six months thereafter, although not beyond 30 June 2021, the date having been 
pushed from the original date of 31 December 2020 by the Czech Act No. 460/2020 Coll. (the COVID-19 
Insolvency Amendment Act), amending the COVID-19 Insolvency Act and the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., 
on Insolvency and Method of its Resolution (the Insolvency Act), as amended (the Czech Insolvency Act).  
Under the COVID-19 Insolvency Act, as amended by the COVID-19 Insolvency Amendment Act, any debtor 
with its centre of main interests in the Czech Republic that was solvent as of 12 March 2020 had the opportunity, 
until the end of August 2020, to file for an extraordinary insolvency moratorium (the Insolvency Moratorium). 
The Insolvency Moratorium could have lasted for up to three months, but could be extended by an additional three 
months with the consent of a majority of the debtor’s creditors.  
The Czech Insolvency Act as amended by the COVID-19 Insolvency Act and COVID-19 Insolvency Amendment 
Act states that debtors are now entitled to file for an Insolvency Moratorium until 30 June 2021 assuming that the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
debtor was not insolvent as of 5 October 2020 and has not previously filed for the Insolvency Moratorium under 
the Czech Insolvency Act. The Czech Insolvency Act as amended by the Covid-19 Insolvency Amendment Act 
also stipulates that if an Insolvency Moratorium in relation to a particular debtor was declared before the end of 
August 2020, the condition requiring the approval of creditors for an extension of the Insolvency Moratorium will 
not apply and the court may extend the duration of the Insolvency Moratorium by no more than an additional three 
months solely upon the debtor’s request. Furthermore, the COVID-19 Insolvency Amendment Act prolonged the 
period during which a court may not enforce its decision by selling immovables. 
In addition, debtors were temporarily protected from insolvency petitions filed by their creditors as any such 
petitions filed until 31 August 2020 were disregarded and no entries of commencement of insolvency proceedings 
were made in the online Insolvency Register. Creditors had to file a new insolvency petition starting in September 
2020 to effectively commence insolvency proceedings. It remains to be seen how many insolvency petitions with 
respect to the Issuer’s clients will be relaunched.  
The changes implemented by the COVID-19 Insolvency Act, as amended by the COVID-19 Insolvency 
Amendment Act, as well as other potential future legislative changes adopted in relation to COVID-19, could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, as the Issuer may find itself unable to file insolvency petitions 
against non-performing debtors, thereby increasing time it would take to satisfy the Issuer’s claims in the event 
of the debtor’s bankruptcy. This, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Slovak legislative measures taken in response to COVID-19 pandemic may have effect on the Issuer’s 
business 
The presence of the COVID-19 virus may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s banking activities, 
economic environment and developments in financial markets. Forced closure of brick-and-mortar branches, 
restriction of travel and introduction of quarantine may have a serious effect on the Issuer’s ability to maintain its 
banking activities. The Issuer’s clients could be forced to limit and/or terminate their operations, or in the case of 
individuals to lose their wage income, which may result in a significant deterioration in their ability to repay their 
obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer and lead to an increase in volume of non-performing loans.  
Slovak legislators introduced legislative measures in the fight against COVID-19 (the COVID-19 Legislation), 
some of which have a negative effect on the Issuer’s financial situation, revenues and prospects and its business.  
Some of the measures, such as a general prohibition of realisation or enforcement of security, or the stay on 
repayment of loan principals and interests owed to the creditors, which were adopted by the Slovak Parliament 
are no longer effective. Others, such as the temporary protection of entrepreneurs, were replaced by a more robust 
legislation, which aims to achieve similar effect. 
On 8 December 2020, the Slovak Parliament has adopted an Act No. 421/2020 Coll., on temporary protection of 
entrepreneurs in economic hardship (the Act on Temporary Protection), which became effective on 1 January 
2021. 
An entrepreneur, who has a centre of main interests in Slovakia, who meets certain statutory requirements, may 
apply for a temporary protection (for a 3-month term, which may be further extended) from its creditors. In order 
to benefit from the temporary protection, an entrepreneur must file an application with the relevant court, where 
the entrepreneur also confirms that a temporary protection has been approved by a majority of its creditors 
(calculated on the basis of the amount of their receivables). The main effects of granting the temporary protection 
include: 
(a) 
no commencement of bankruptcy proceedings;  
(b) 
no enforcement of pledge against the entrepreneur under the temporary protection; or 
(c) 
limited termination of the agreements with entrepreneurs under temporary protection. 
Under the Act on Temporary Protection, any entrepreneur may apply for protection until 31 December 2022. It is 
also difficult to predict what the impact on the Issuer’s obligors (and in consequence on the Issuer and its business) 
will be after termination of the temporary protection as significant number of them may still face financial

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
difficulties and may end up insolvent and subject to bankruptcy or restructuring proceedings. This could have 
negative impact on the Issuer, its business and its financial condition. 
The changes implemented by the Act on Temporary Protection could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, as the Issuer may find itself unable to file insolvency petitions against non-performing debtors, thereby 
increasing time it would take to satisfy the Issuer’s claims in the event of the debtor’s bankruptcy. This, in turn, 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base or prospects. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is exposed to volatility in interest rates and interest spread risk 
Like most commercial banks, the Issuer earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and lenders. Banks, including the Issuer, usually make loans at interest rates that are different from the 
interest rates paid on deposits and borrowed funds. If the Issuer’s interest spread, i.e., the difference between the 
rate of interest that the Issuer pays on funds from depositors and lenders and the rate of interest that it charges on 
loans it grants to its customers, decreases, its net interest income will also decrease, unless the Issuer is able to 
compensate by increasing the total amount of funds it lends to customers. A decrease in rates charged to customers 
will often have a negative effect on the interest spread, particularly when interest rates on deposit accounts are 
already very low, because the bank has little ability to make a corresponding reduction in the interest it pays to 
depositors and lenders. 
Furthermore, an increase in rates charged to customers can also negatively impact interest income if it reduces the 
amount of customer borrowings. A decrease in the general level of interest rates may affect the Issuer through, 
among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan portfolio and increased competition for deposits. Interest 
rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including monetary policies implemented by the 
ECB and the CNB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central banks’ interest 
rate cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, large decreases in interest rates can 
be expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s net interest income and continued low interest rates will 
make it more difficult to achieve growth. For example, most European banks have recently been adversely 
influenced by low interest rates set by the ECB and volatile interest spread. Since 2017, the CNB had been 
increasing its repo rate to as high as 2.25 per cent, in February 2020 (from the initial 0.25 per cent, as of August 
2017). In March 2020, the CNB adopted a set of measures to stabilize the domestic economy after the COVID-
19 outbreak, including steep interest rate cuts, which brought the repo rate to 1.00 per cent. In May 2020, the CNB 
adopted additional measures, including further interest rate cut, with the repo rate decreased to 0.25 per cent. On 
23 June 2021, the CNB increased the repo rate to 0.50 per cent, effective from 24 June 2021. 
Deposits usually have shorter maturities than loans and, therefore, can adjust to changing interest rates faster than 
loans. Accordingly, interest rates paid by banks, including the Issuer, on shorter term deposits tend to increase 
faster than the rates banks can earn from their loans. As a result of this mismatch between loans and deposits, 
a decrease in, or instability of, the interest rates charged on loans may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s net 
interest income. In addition, for competitive reasons, the Issuer may also choose to raise the rates of interest it 
pays on deposits without being able to make a corresponding increase in the interest rates it charges to its 
customers or re-price the securities portfolio at the same time. If the Issuer is unable for any reason to re-price or 
adjust the rates on its interest earning assets in response to changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities in an 
expedited or an effective manner as a result of economic or other reasons, the Issuer’s interest income margins 
would be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer is dependent on its banking and other licences 
The banking and other operations performed by the Issuer require it to obtain licences from the CNB, the NBS 
and other Czech or Slovak authorities. A large majority of the Issuer’s business depends on its banking licence 
granted by the CNB. If the Issuer loses its general banking licence, it will be unable to perform any banking 
operations, especially in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Although the Issuer believes that it has the necessary 
licences for its banking and other operations and that it is currently in compliance with its existing material licence 
and reporting obligations, there is no assurance that it will be able to maintain the necessary licences in the future. 
The loss of a licence, a breach of the terms of any licence or failure to obtain or renew any required licences in

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
the future could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks related to the group interdependence 
The Issuer’s business is interwoven on many levels with that of the group comprised of UniCredit S.p.A. and its 
direct and indirect subsidiaries including the Issuer (the UniCredit Group). The mutual ties are established, 
among others, through numerous refinancing arrangements, competence centres for individual business segments 
to which the Issuer has access, cross-holdings, implementation of group-wide IT systems, mutually shared 
products and standards, as well as through funding measures regarding the capital of the Issuer. Economic 
problems of the UniCredit Group, particularly of the Issuer’s parent company UniCredit S.p.A. or any of its direct 
or indirect subsidiaries, could result in a risk of reduction of capital and liquidity support for the Issuer. Moreover, 
there is a risk that a downgrade of UniCredit S.p.A.’s credit ratings could also have a negative effect on the 
investors’ perception of the Issuer. Furthermore, deterioration of the financial performance of the Issuer’s parent 
company, UniCredit S.p.A., or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries could, in turn, adversely affect the Issuer’s 
own business. The materialization of any of such risks relating to the UniCredit Group could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of defaults by counterparties 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that borrowers or other counterparties may not be able to meet their obligations 
owed to the Issuer. Counterparties include, among others, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks and other institutional as well as retail customers. Exposures can arise through trading, lending, deposit 
taking, clearance and settlement and other financing activities and relationships.  
The Issuer considers the following to be the most substantial sources of its credit risk: 
• 
portfolio concentration, both at the level of individual borrowers or economically connected groups, as 
well as at sector level, particularly in the area of commercial real estate financing; 
• 
risk of external shocks on the residential real estate market; and 
• 
risk of other than expected macroeconomic developments affecting the creditworthiness of corporate 
clients and available household income. 
With regards to the structure of the receivables from clients, the Issuer’s loan portfolio as of 31 December 2020 
may be characterized as follows: 
• 
approx. 68 per cent. of the portfolio was comprised of receivables from corporate clients and 
approx. 32 per cent. of receivables from retail clients; 
• 
the level of exposure to default was at 3.29 per cent. for the entire portfolio, and was lower for retail 
receivables as opposed to corporate receivables; 
• 
the most frequently represented client sectors in the Issuer’s loan portfolio were private individuals, real 
estate financing, wholesale, energy and financial services; 
• 
84.4 per cent. of the Issuer’s credit exposure vis-à-vis retail clients was comprised of receivables from 
mortgage loans provided to non-business individuals; 
• 
the rate of exposure to default differed across the individual sectors (highest in transport and services and 
lowest in the telecommunication industry), but it did not exceed 6.5 per cent. in any of the ten largest 
sectors (reported at the Czech and Slovak bank portfolio only); and 
• 
more than one half of the Issuer’s loan portfolio comprised receivables from clients with the risk of 
default below 1 per cent (reported at the Czech and Slovak bank portfolio only).

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
As of the same date, the average exposure-weighted probability of default on receivables from performing clients 
was approximately 1.64 per cent. However, changes in economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 outbreak 
may give rise to number of the Issuer’s defaulting clients which may then adversely affect the structure of the 
Issuer’s loan portfolio. Moreover, the future development of these figures cannot be predicted with certainty. 
The Issuer may incur losses if its counterparties default on their obligations. If losses arising from a counterparty’s 
default significantly exceed the amounts of the Issuer’s provisions, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. This risk may 
be exacerbated if the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or can only be liquidated at prices below the 
level necessary to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other contractual exposures. 
The value of collateral securing the Issuer’s loans and advances may not be sufficient to recover the full 
amount of any such loans and advances in the event of a default 
Deterioration in economic conditions in the Czech Republic or Slovakia or a decline in certain markets (either 
related to the COVID-19 outbreak or not) may reduce the value of collateral securing the Issuer’s loans and 
advances, thus increasing the risk that the Issuer would not be able to recover the full amount of any such loans and 
advances in the event of a default. 
Since 2014, the Czech real estate market in both residential and commercial segments has been in a growing phase 
of the market cycle.  
Despite the regulatory actions by the CNB setting out, among other things, limitations on the provision of 
mortgage loans above a certain LTV (loan-to-value) ratio and introducing income requirements on mortgage 
applicants, the demand in the residential segment continues to be high and driven by low mortgage rates, good 
availability of mortgages as well as by low yields of other investments, while the supply is limited especially by 
constraints of developers to deliver new residential units on the market. Further, the relatively low cost of funding, 
together with the positive economic development, have supported growth of commercial properties. These factors 
have resulted, among other things, in growth of prices being stronger than growth of rents. However, growth may 
not continue going forward or may be replaced with a decline once the cycle changes which is very likely, 
considering the possible outcomes of the influence of the COVID-19 outbreak.  
The growth of real estate prices has recently prevailed also in Slovakia. However, trends in Slovakia are more 
differentiated than in the Czech Republic depending on the location of the property. While prices have recently 
increased in economically stronger regions and cities, such as Bratislava or Košice, regions with poorer economic 
performance have had a more stable development and partly even slightly decreasing prices. However, an 
increasing demand from both institutional investors and private individuals has been recently dominant in the 
Slovak market. 
Since there is a return towards a downturn in economic conditions in the Czech Republic or Slovakia due to the 
negative impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, further declines in the value of collateral securing real property loans, 
including mortgage loans, are more likely to occur and may result in the Issuer’s loan portfolio impairment losses 
increasing materially. 
In its press release dated 27 May 2021, the CNB stated that it estimates that apartments in the Czech Republic 
remain overvalued by as much as 25% in selected localities with a high share of investment apartments.7 Declines 
in the value and liquidity of collateral securing loans, including mortgage loans, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects.  
Furthermore, the Issuer undertakes certain types of lending without tangible collateral, relying only on personal 
guarantees, which may not be sufficient to cover the outstanding amount following a default. As of 31 December 
2020, approximately 72.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s loans (where the exposures at default include off-balance after 
application of conversion factor) were materially uncollateralised (measured at the Czech and Slovak bank 
portfolio only). In the case of a default of such a loan, the Issuer has only limited recourse to collateral with limited 
liquidation value. If a large proportion of these borrowers were to default due to deteriorating economic conditions 
or otherwise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
                                                     
7 Source: https://www.cnb.cz/en/cnb-news/press-releases/CNB-leaves-mortgage-limits-unchanged-and-will-increase-countercyclical-capital-
buffer-rate-to-1/

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to liquidity risks that could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its financial 
obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. The liquidity risk encompasses both the risk with 
respect to the ability to finance the Issuer’s assets by instruments with an appropriate repayment date, as well as 
its ability to sell its assets for an acceptable price within an acceptable time horizon. 
In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business 
generally, it relies on diversified sources of funding including customer savings, term deposits, outstanding 
securities, accepted loans, as well as shareholder equity.  
The ability of the Issuer to access retail and wholesale funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent 
on a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general 
market conditions, especially continued volatility in the international financial markets, and confidence in the 
Czech and Slovak banking system. 
The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in certain European countries have raised concerns regarding the 
financial condition of European financial institutions and their exposure to such countries. Generally, concerns 
about a potential default by one financial institution can lead to significant liquidity problems, losses for, or 
defaults by, other financial institutions. Defaults by large financial institutions, such as credit institutions or 
insurance undertakings, could adversely affect the financial markets. The financial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit-granting, trading, clearing or other relationships 
between the particular institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default by, one or more large financial 
institutions could lead to significant market-wide liquidity problems resulting in losses or defaults by other 
financial institutions and also to a need for the Issuer to raise additional capital while at the same time making it 
more difficult to do so. 
If concerns over sovereign and financial institutions’ solvency continue, or if the conditions further deteriorate, 
there is a danger that interbank funding may become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest 
rates, which might impact the Issuer’s access to, and cost of, funding. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to 
source a sustainable funding profile, the Issuer’s ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or 
at all, could be adversely affected. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits, which are mostly short-term or demand deposits, as its primary source 
of funding 
The Issuer relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding requirements. The majority of 
the Issuer’s deposits are corporate deposits, a significant proportion of which are demand deposits. As of 
31 December 2020, the Issuer’s deposits from customers (mainly time deposits and demand deposits) comprised 
73 per cent. of its total liabilities on a consolidated basis and, within this portion of the Issuer’s deposits from 
customers, 95 per cent. were demand deposits that may be withdrawn at any time without penalty. Such deposits 
are subject to fluctuation due to factors outside of the Issuer’s control, and the Issuer can provide no assurance 
that it will not experience a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time as a reaction to factors 
outside its control, which may result in liquidity gaps that the Issuer may not be able to cover. Any material 
decrease in deposits could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation.  
A change in the ECB or the CNB collateral standards could have an adverse effect on the funding of the Issuer 
and its access to liquidity 
The ECB and the CNB currently accept certain debt instruments, such as sovereign bonds or debt instruments 
issued by central banks, as collateral for repo operations. If the ECB or CNB were to impose more stringent 
requirements or conditions on the determination of eligible collateral or if they were to increase the rating 
requirements for securities posted as collateral, it could materially increase the Issuer’s funding costs and limit 
the Issuer’s access to liquidity, especially if deposits or other sources of liquidity are inadequate in the short term. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, or prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange and currency risks 
As of 31 December 2020, approximately 41.6 per cent. of the Issuer’s assets and 46.4 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
liabilities (on a consolidated basis) were denominated in foreign currencies, particularly in EUR and USD. The 
Slovak organizational branch of the Issuer carries out its activities primarily in EUR. The Issuer translates such 
assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and liabilities, and gains or losses realised 
upon the sale of such assets, to CZK when preparing its financial statements. The overall effect of exchange rate 
movements on the Issuer’s results of operations depends on the rate of depreciation or appreciation of CZK against 
its principal trading and financing currencies, i.e., EUR and USD.  
As a protection against open foreign exchange risk, the Issuer has established a system of currency risk limits 
based on its net currency exposure in the individual currencies. These limits are adjusted on a continuous basis. 
With effect as of 1 January 2021, the Issuer set a currency risk limit with respect to the total net currency exposure 
as well as to the individual main currencies, i.e. EUR70 million, and with respect to the USD of the equivalent of 
EUR25 million. For the other major currencies, i.e. CHF, GBP and JPY, a limit of EUR17 million applies. For 
the group of currencies comprised of BAM, BGN, HRK, HUF, RON, RSD, RUB and TRY, the aggregate group 
limit has been set to equivalent of EUR15 million. Minor currencies limits are grouped as well under the limit of 
EUR10 million. Although the Issuer sets such limits, manages its foreign exchange positions accordingly and 
performs certain other measures aimed at reducing exchange rate risk, including, among others, entering into 
foreign exchange derivative contracts, these measures may not be effective and the fluctuations in exchange rates 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, or prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to risks in its trading activities 
The Issuer holds open positions in certain financial instruments, including financial derivatives and other 
securities. The consolidated trading results including results of currency trading of the Issuer for the year 2020 
were CZK1.859 billion. The majority of the Issuer’s business activities are conducted according to the 
requirements of its customers. Depending on the estimated demand of its customers, the Issuer holds a certain 
supply of financial instruments and maintains access to the financial markets through the quoting of bid and offer 
prices and by trading with other market makers. These positions are also held for the purpose of speculation on 
the expected future development of financial markets. The Issuer’s business strategy is thus affected by 
speculation and market making and its goal is to maximise net income from trading. The Issuer may be exposed 
to a number of risks related to changes in the value of such financial instruments, including the risk of 
unfavourable market price movements relative to its investment positions, a decline in the market liquidity of the 
related instruments, volatility in market prices, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates relating to these 
positions and the risk that the instruments with which the Issuer chooses to hedge certain positions do not track 
the market value of those positions. If the Issuer incurs any losses from these exposures, this could reduce the 
Issuer’s income or cause the Issuer to suffer losses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects.  
The Issuer faces the possibility of losses from operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. 
The Issuer’s business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex transactions 
across different markets in many currencies. Operational losses, including monetary damages, costs, and direct 
and indirect financial losses or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in internal processes, 
systems, e.g., ICT systems, licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, 
outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, 
co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, or from customer 
complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including, among others, to anti-money laundering, 
data recording, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct of business rules, equipment failures, failure to 
protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and collateral, failure of physical and security protection, 
natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties and 
failure to fulfil its obligations, contractual or otherwise.  
The Issuer’s business operations are subject to the same operational risks during the COVID-19 pandemic period. 
During this time, the extent of the operational risks is not greater, however the impact can worsen the effect of

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
certain risks (e.g. lack of personnel, IT service availability dependency), which are handled with additional 
mitigation measures. The Issuer maintains a standard business continuity pandemic plan, which is activating all 
necessary preventive and emergency measures based on the decisions of its Crisis Committee. 
There can be no assurances that risk controls and other actions implemented by the Issuer to mitigate exposures 
or losses will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Issuer, or that the Issuer’s 
reputation will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks. 
As a part of its banking activities, the Issuer provides its customers with investment advice, access to internally 
as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred 
by its customers due to investment advice from the Issuer, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external fund 
managers, the Issuer’s customers may seek compensation from the Issuer. Such compensation might be sought 
even if the Issuer has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its 
customers. Any claims in this respect could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base or prospects. 
The Issuer faces significant ICT risks inherent in the banking business 
The Issuer is dependent on information and communication technology (ICT) systems. The ICT systems are 
vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software and hardware malfunctions, malicious hacking, physical 
damage to vital ICT centres and computer virus infection. If the ICT systems fail, even for a short period of time, 
the Issuer may be unable to service some or all of its customers’ needs on a timely basis and could thus lose 
business and potential income. Likewise, a temporary failure of the ICT systems could result in higher internal 
costs associated with the recovery of the systems. ICT systems require regular upgrading to meet the needs of 
changing business and regulatory requirements, to remove vulnerabilities and software errors and to keep pace 
with the growth of banks’ and financial institutions’ existing operations and possible expansion into new business 
lines and markets. The Issuer and its service providers may not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a 
timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. The Issuer’s ICT systems architecture is complex due 
to past mergers, which may hinder its future development. 
The unification and implementation of new ICT systems may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
operational risk profile. In addition to costs incurred as a result of any failure or interruption of its ICT systems, 
the Issuer could face fines from the CNB if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with the applicable banking 
or other regulations. There can be no assurances that the procedures and controls put in place by the Issuer will 
be effective in preventing or managing all risks relating to the ICT systems of the Issuer. This could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects or reputation. 
The Group is exposed to cyber risk and other unauthorised access of its internal and customer data 
The scale of the Issuer’s business and nature of its operations requires the Issuer to receive, process and store 
significant volumes of confidential information about its customers, employees and counterparties, all of which 
needs to be safeguarded against loss, damage, mismanagement or unauthorised disclosure. Despite the Issuer’s 
security measures and data protection mechanisms, its information technology and infrastructure may be 
vulnerable to cyber-attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 
Any such breach could compromise the Issuer’s networks and the information stored there could be accessed, 
modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, modification, disclosure or other loss of information 
could damage the Issuer’s reputation and result in regulatory sanctions and other liability for breach of data 
protection laws. Such breach may, among other things, result in significant fines under applicable data protection 
laws. Cyber-attacks could also result in the loss of internal communication or communication with the Issuer’s 
customers, which may result in reduced productivity and a loss of revenues. In addition, it could cause the Issuer’s 
service to be perceived as not being safe, thereby harming the Issuer’s reputation and deterring current and 
potential customers from using the Issuer’s services. Cyber-attacks may also prevent the Issuer from discharging 
its contractual or regulatory obligations. The materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects or 
reputation.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The Issuer’s risk management strategies and procedures may prove insufficient or fail 
The Issuer’s strategies and procedures for managing credit risk, country risk, market risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk may prove insufficient or fail. Some of the Issuer’s methods for managing risk are based upon 
observations of historical market behaviour. The Issuer also applies statistical techniques to observations to arrive 
at quantifications of its risk exposures. However, these methods may not accurately quantify the Issuer’s risk 
exposures. As additional information becomes available, the Issuer may need to make additional provisions if 
default rates are higher than expected. If circumstances arise whereby the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or 
correctly evaluate certain risks in developing its statistical models, losses could be greater than the maximum 
losses envisaged under its risk management system.  
In addition, if any of the instruments and strategies that the Issuer uses to hedge its exposure to various types of 
risk is not effective, the Issuer may incur losses. Unexpected market developments may also adversely affect the 
effectiveness of the Issuer’s hedging strategies, and the Issuer may choose not to hedge all of its risk exposures in 
all market environments or against all types of risk. In addition, the methodology by which gains and losses 
resulting from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in the Issuer’s reported 
results of operations. 
Any material deficiency in the Issuer’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may 
expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk and material unanticipated losses, which may 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks related to the regulatory environment 
Changes and developments in laws or regulations in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and the EU, including 
legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors, may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer 
The Issuer is subject to a number of laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions where it conducts its 
operations, particularly the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Such laws and regulations include, among other things, 
banking regulation designed to maintain the safety and financial soundness of banks and limit their exposure to 
risk, regulations relating to financial services, securities products and other businesses, tax, accounting and 
financial reporting regulation, anti-money laundering, consumer credit, capital requirements or corporate 
requirements regulation. 
For example, in August 2016, the CNB increased the capital requirements for five Czech banks, including 
the Issuer, because they are considered to be of systemic importance to the Czech banking system. As a result, 
the systemic risk buffer of the Issuer was increased by 1.0 per cent. to 2.0 per cent. as from 1 January 2017, thereby 
increasing the Issuer’s costs of complying with capital adequacy regulation. 
As a result of new and more demanding regulatory requirements and other changes in legislation, the Issuer may 
need to increase its capital or debts eligible to meet the minimum capital requirement and eligible liabilities, 
increase retained earnings or reduce risk-weighted assets, for example through their sales, or stop participating in 
certain activities. These facts could lead to a reduction in the Issuer’s ability or complete inability to meet its debts. 
Although the Czech government has withdrawn from the introduction of a sector-specific tax or similar measures 
that would, if imposed, result in additional tax liabilities of banks in the Czech Republic, there can be no assurance 
that such measures that would result in additional tax liabilities of the Issuer will not be introduced in the Czech 
Republic or Slovakia, nor can there be any assurance that any such measures, if introduced, will not have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
The above and any further regulatory changes may result in additional material costs for the Issuer and 
significantly impact its capital resources and requirements. As such, they may adversely affect the Issuer by, 
among other things, restricting the type or volume of transactions the Issuer may enter into, set limits on, or require 
the modification of, rates or fees that the Issuer charges on loans or other financial products. The Issuer may also 
face increased compliance costs and material limitations on its ability to pursue business opportunities. All these 
factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorism financing rules involves 
significant ongoing costs and efforts and non-compliance may have severe legal and reputational 
consequences 
The Issuer must comply with national and international rules and regulations regarding money laundering, 
anti-corruption and the financing of terrorism. In recent years, these rules and regulations have been tightened and 
may be further tightened and more strictly enforced in the future. Compliance with these rules and regulations puts 
a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical problems. 
Any violation of these or similar rules, or even the suspicion of such violations, may have severe legal, monetary 
and reputational consequences, including sanctions imposed by the CNB or the NBS, and thus could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, 
prospects, or reputation. 
Non-compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or stricter interpretation of the existing 
requirements or future modifications of the data protection laws, could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
business 
With effect as of 25 May 2018 the Issuer’s operations and services need to comply with Regulation (EU) 
2016/679, General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR), which generally imposes uniform rules on all market 
participants operating within the EU and strict sector specific rules under the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 
2002/58/EC). GDPR implements a stricter data protection compliance regime and substantially increases fines for 
a breach of data protection regulation. Under GDPR, data protection agencies have the right to audit the Issuer 
and impose orders and fines, up to EUR20 million, or up to 4 per cent. of the worldwide annual revenue for the 
previous financial year, if they find that the Issuer has not complied with applicable laws and adequately protected 
customer data. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are few official guidelines available that would indicate 
how data protection agencies will evaluate and investigate non-compliance issues and a degree of uncertainty 
therefore remains in this regard. As such, there can be no assurance that the Issuer is fully compliant with GDPR 
in all aspects of its operations. Any difference in interpretation of the GDPR by the data protection agencies 
resulting in the Issuer’s non-compliance with GDPR or any other applicable data protection laws, or any 
limitations imposed by stricter interpretation of the existing requirements or by future modifications of the data 
protection laws, could have a significant impact on the Issuer’s business operations and its ability to market 
products and services to existing or potential customers. As such, the materialisation of any of the above could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital 
base, prospects or reputation. 
Insolvency and other laws and regulations governing creditors’ rights in the Czech Republic and Slovakia may 
limit the Issuer’s ability to obtain payments on defaulted credits 
Insolvency proceedings in the Czech Republic and Slovakia often take several years and the level of the creditors’ 
recovery is relatively low. Therefore, the Issuer cannot ensure that its rights as a creditor in insolvency proceedings 
will be adequate to enable the Issuer to successfully collect amounts owed by debtors. Moreover, the Issuer’s 
litigation costs stemming from insolvency proceedings of its borrowers or counterparties may increase 
substantially as a result of any newly adopted and untested procedures and potential changes in the regulation. 
The process of collateral enforcement in the Czech Republic and Slovakia is rather costly and often takes several 
years. As a result, the Issuer may be unable to enforce in a timely manner, for reasonable costs or at all, collateral 
securing loans and other credit extended by the Issuer, including mortgage loans. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital base, prospects 
or reputation. 
Legal and regulatory claims could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The Issuer 
carries out operations through a number of legal entities mainly in the Czech Republic and Slovakia and is subject 
to regulation in these countries. 
Non-compliance with, or any breaches of, such regulation expose the Issuer to the risk of various claims, disputes, 
legal proceedings or governmental investigation. Moreover, the Issuer is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, 
legal proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active. These types of claims and

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
proceedings expose the Issuer to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs, including legal costs, direct or indirect 
financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, as well as the 
potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital base, prospects or reputation. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s Cover Pool 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders share the Issuer’s Cover Pool with the holders of all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which will rank pari passu among themselves and with 
all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same 
Cover Pool and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may create one Cover Pool, providing cover for all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (and other Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) or 
several Cover Pools, in which case the Issuer has to specify which Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (or other 
Czech covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act) should be covered by each 
Cover Pool. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has only created one Cover Pool. Therefore, all 
holders of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders) will have the benefit 
of the same Cover Pool. 
The Issuer has other bond programmes, the Local Bond Programmes, under which it has issued Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds including (until 31 December 2017) mortgage covered bonds issued pursuant to Slovak Bonds 
Act (the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds) and Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll., on Banks (the Slovak Banking 
Act) which at the same time qualify as Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Issuer may also issue further Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future on a standalone basis or otherwise.  
If the Mortgage Covered Bondholders declared their Mortgage Covered Bonds due and demanded their immediate 
redemption in accordance with their terms, the proceeds of the Issuer’s Cover Pool would be distributed among 
all Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders (including Slovak Mortgage Covered Bondholders), whose Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds were accelerated or became due and payable. This 
may result in Mortgage Covered Bondholders receiving less than the total interest and principal they were 
expecting in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer will comply with the Statutory Tests 
and the Contractual Asset Cover Test (each as defined and described in section The Cover Pool below), there can 
be no assurance that the Cover Assets and the Accessory Assets (each as defined below in section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3 Cover Assets and Statutory 
Cover Tests) which are eligible assets for the purposes of the Czech Bonds Act and which comprise the Cover 
Pool will have sufficient value to meet all payments due in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
(including Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
Receivables from mortgage loans governed by Slovak law included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are primarily 
designated under Slovak law to cover the receivables under Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and interaction 
of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool is not clear 
Pursuant to the Slovak Banking Act, in its wording effective until 31 December 2017, each Slovak mortgage bank 
had to finance at least 90 per cent. of its mortgage loans regulated by Section 68 et seq of the Slovak Banking Act 
(in Slovak, hypotekárny úver) in the wording effective until 31 December 2017 (the Slovak Regulated Mortgage 
Loans) through Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. The NBS may have granted a temporary exemption from this 
rule and decrease the financing ratio requirement to a minimum of 70 per cent. The receivables from the Slovak 
Regulated Mortgage Loans will primarily cover the liabilities of the Issuer arising under the Slovak Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer (which are different from the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this 
Programme). The Issuer has obtained a consent from the NBS to apply the lower financing ratio of 70 per cent. 
Consequently, only 30 per cent. of the amount of receivables from the Issuer’s Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans 
that are included in the Cover Pool may be effectively used for covering the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
under this Programme. In other words, a portion of at least 70 per cent. of the Slovak law governed receivables 
from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans must be included in the cover pool maintained under Slovak law for

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
the existing Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer and the receivables from the Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans although technically being part of the Cover Pool, could not therefore be used for covering the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme. The interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and 
Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool for the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. However, a 
likely outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would be able to benefit from all Cover 
Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, included in the Cover Pool pari-passu 
with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer, but it cannot be ruled out that a court 
assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would only be able to benefit 
from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are not used for covering the Slovak Mortgage Bonds of 
the Issuer. 
As of 1 January 2018, a substantially new Slovak regulation of mortgage loans and covered bonds came into 
effect. In particular, the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans (and Other Slovak Mortgage Loans) no longer have 
to be partly financed via issue of Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer ceased to be able to issue new 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds through its Slovak branch. However, the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans existing as of 31 December 2017 are governed by legal regulations applicable 
as of this date as described above, until they are fully paid-up. Consequently, the risk described above arising 
from including of the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans in the cover pool maintained under Slovak law only 
applies with respect to the legacy portfolio existing as of 31 December 2017 (including), whilst the Issuer cannot 
exclude that it would include new Slovak Mortgage Loans into the legacy cover pool maintained under Slovak 
law. 
The CNB may take action if it determines that there are Shortcomings in the Issuer’s activities whilst operating 
as a bank 
If the CNB discovers Shortcomings (i.e., “shortcomings in the activities” of the Issuer as defined and described 
in section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 
7 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings), which include, for instance, violation of the general prudential 
requirements, such as failure by the Issuer to comply with or remedy the breach of the applicable tests set out in 
the Czech Bonds Act (i.e., the Statutory Tests) (as defined and described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3 Cover Assets and Statutory Cover Tests below), 
the CNB may, for as long as the Issuer holds its banking licence and until insolvency proceedings have been 
opened against the Issuer, impose a Measure (as defined and described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 7 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings) 
upon the Issuer. As a result of the imposition of a Measure, the Issuer may be restricted in, or prohibited from, 
certain trades which would represent a risk for the Issuer, including that the Issuer may not be allowed to issue 
further Mortgage Covered Bonds or Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, refinance the existing Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or make any payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds to any party or the Issuer may have to cease payments only to those 
parties who are closely associated with the Issuer or persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or 
Connected Persons (as defined and described in section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation 
relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 7 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings below) to the Issuer. 
Therefore, there can be no assurance, upon the CNB having discovered the Shortcoming, and consequently, 
having imposed the Measure, that the Issuer will be able to issue further Mortgage Covered Bonds, refinance 
existing Mortgage Covered Bonds, make payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or comply with any other 
obligations the Issuer has under the Conditions. During such period the Mortgage Covered Bondholders might 
have no access to the Cover Pool. 
In addition, if any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders are persons who are closely associated with the Issuer 
or persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or Connected Persons (as defined and described in section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 7 Consequences of 
Certain Issuer’s shortcomings below) to the Issuer, such Mortgage Covered Bondholders are unlikely to receive 
payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds and will not have immediate recourse to the Cover Pool, provided 
that the relevant Measure has been imposed by the CNB and for as long as that Measure is in effect.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ position might deteriorate as a result of the transfer of assets included in 
the Cover Pool and the transfer of the Issuer’s obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail and it is beyond the reach of less drastic remedial action to prevent such 
failing than the application of crisis resolution measures (as described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 8 Czech Resolution and Recovery Act below), the 
CNB may, pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act (which implements the BRRD) (as defined below), 
adopt a set of crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis management measures 
(including crisis resolution measures and actions and the appointment of a special manager) (in Czech, opatření 
k řešení krize). The crisis resolution measures and tools include, among other things, a transfer of business 
measure, a transfer to a bridge institution measure and a transfer to an asset management entity measure which 
can be achieved through various share and property transfers (as also described in section General Description of 
Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 8 Czech Resolution and Recovery Act 
below). The approval of the respective Issuer’s creditors for such transfers is not required. There is a risk that 
these transfers may affect the Issuer’s assets that are included in the Cover Pool or the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds (or any other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds).  
However, the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for various protections from the effect of partial 
property transfers. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, a transfer or passage of property, rights and 
liabilities under legal arrangements or relationships that qualify as “protected rights and liabilities”, may not 
provide for the transfer or passage of some, but not all, of such “protected rights and liabilities” from legal 
arrangements or relationships. The “protected rights and liabilities” under legal arrangements or relationships 
under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in turn comprise, irrespective of number of parties or their 
governing law and no matter if the reason for their creation and continuation is contractual or statutory, among 
other things, covered bonds as well as structured finance arrangements, including securitisations and instruments 
used for hedging which form an integral part of the Cover Pool and which are secured in a way similar to the 
covered bonds.  
Although the Issuer complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test in respect of the 
Cover Pool, the Mortgaged Property Value might reduce over time causing the value of the Mortgage Loans 
becoming insufficient to meet the relevant Contractual Asset Cover Test and Statutory Tests and insufficient 
to provide cover for the issued and outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Cover Pool consists of (i) Cover Assets which include the Mortgage Loans secured by way of a legally 
perfected first ranking mortgage in favour of the Issuer over the Mortgaged Property (as defined below) and (ii) 
Accessory Assets. 
Cover Assets must comply with the applicable requirements or criteria set out in the Czech Bonds Act. In 
particular, pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the nominal value of each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan in the 
Cover Pool may not exceed 100 per cent. of the value of the Mortgaged Property (as defined in section General 
Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 3 Cover Assets and Statutory 
Cover Tests). In addition, the Issuer covenants, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to ensure compliance with 
the Contractual Eligibility Criteria and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
issued as “CRR Compliant” Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Cover Assets covering them will also need to comply 
with the conditions set out in the CRR. If the Issuer fails to comply with the applicable requirements or criteria 
set out in the Czech Bonds Act or the CRR, such non-compliance constitutes an administrative delict under the 
Czech Bonds Act, subject to a fine of up to CZK20 million. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all the Mortgaged Property is located in the Czech Republic or Slovakia. 
The Mortgaged Property Value as well as the value of the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool may reduce 
over time (including, in particular, in the event of a general downturn in the value of properties located in the 
Czech Republic or Slovakia) causing the value of the Mortgage Loans becoming insufficient to meet the 
Contractual Asset Cover Test, the Statutory Tests and insufficient to provide cover for the issued and outstanding 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer covenants, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, to ensure 
compliance with the Contractual Asset Cover Test, a general downturn in the value of properties located in the 
Czech Republic or Slovakia could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and 
business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the value of 
the Cover Pool.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders will receive limited information in respect of the Cover Pool 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans or other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of the 
Cover Pool will change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase or origination of further Mortgage 
Loans by the Issuer. The Issuer is, pursuant to Section 32 of the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree, required 
to maintain the Covered Block Records and, pursuant to the Decree of the CNB No. 346/2013 Coll. of 16 October 
2013 (in Czech, Vyhláška České národní banky č. 346/2013 Sb. ze dne 16. října 2013), required to file quarterly 
reports with the CNB (within 25 calendar days following the end of each calendar quarter) containing summary 
information about the Cover Pool and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
however, neither the Covered Block Records nor the quarterly reports are publicly available. Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
has been appointed to act as the Asset Monitor pursuant to the terms of an asset monitor agreement, pursuant to 
which it will be required to conduct on annual basis certain checks and calculations on the Statutory Tests 
performed by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the Terms and Conditions. 
The Asset Monitor will only be required to perform its role from 30 June 2020. The outcome of these checks and 
calculations will not be publicly available or available to potential investors in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risk relating to the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Mortgage Covered Bonds or to issue further Mortgage Covered 
Bonds may be restricted or discontinued by a preliminary injunction issued by a Czech court 
Under Section 74 et seq. of the Czech Act. No 99/1963 Coll., as amended (the Civil Procedure Code), a Czech 
court may, at its discretion and upon a petition from any third person filing a claim against the Issuer, issue a 
preliminary injunction (in Czech, předběžné opatření) if: (i) it is necessary to temporarily govern the relationship 
between the Issuer and that third person; or (ii) there is a doubt whether the enforcement of a court decision issued 
will be carried out. Such preliminary injunction may stay in effect until the end of the relevant court proceedings. 
This is a general regulation of the civil procedure under Czech law and, thus, regardless of the Issuer’s insolvency, 
there can be no assurance that such a preliminary injunction would not impose upon the Issuer the obligation to 
stop or delay payments under Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or restrict 
or prohibit the Issuer from issuing further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Following the Issuer having become unable to pay its monetary obligations as they fall due, the value of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool might reduce becoming insufficient to meet the relevant Contractual Asset 
Cover Test and Statutory Tests and thus insufficient to provide cover for the issued and outstanding Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of some debtors of the Mortgage Loans having exercised the right of 
unilateral set-off of their claims and obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer 
If the Issuer enters into separate transactions (including transactions under various agreements on current or other 
bank accounts) with the debtors of Mortgage Loans, which are in the Cover Pool, such debtors may, under certain 
conditions, have a right of set-off of their obligations under the Mortgage Loans against any amounts owed by the 
Issuer. 
Czech law allows for two means of set-off, a unilateral set-off and a contractual set-off. In both cases the law 
requires that the subject matter of mutual claims to be set-off is of the same kind. In broad terms, a unilateral set-
off refers to circumstances when one of the parties takes a unilateral action towards the other party invoking a set-
off without any action being taken whatsoever by the other party. The general rule is that a unilateral set-off of 
mutual claims is only possible when such claims are due and payable. In contrast, a contractual set-off, which is 
always based on an agreement between the parties, can always take place regardless of whether mutual claims to 
be set-off are due and payable. Current instalments on the Mortgage Loans would typically become due and 
payable but not the whole amount of the Mortgage Loan except when the Mortgage Loan is a defaulted loan and 
it has, as a consequence, become due and payable. Therefore, the possibility of a unilateral set-off against the 
whole amount of the Mortgage Loan or its significant part is very limited in practice. 
Czech law allows not only for a pre-insolvency but also an insolvency set-off, although additional restrictions 
apply in an insolvency set off compared to the pre-insolvency regime described immediately above. Mutual claims 
of the Issuer and its creditor may generally be set-off after the initiation or opening of insolvency proceedings (in 
Czech, zahájení insolvenčního řízení) (the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings), however set-off at this

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
stage of the insolvency proceedings may be restricted by the insolvency court by issuing a preliminary injunction. 
Mutual claims of the Issuer and its creditor may be set-off after the declaration of insolvency (in Czech, rozhodnutí 
o úpadku) (the Declaration of Insolvency), provided that the statutory conditions for set-off have been fulfilled 
prior to the decision on the manner of resolution of the debtor’s insolvency. Also, the set-off after the Declaration 
of Insolvency will not be possible if: (i) the creditor did not file the claim to be set off in the insolvency 
proceedings; (ii) the creditor acquired its claim through an ineffective legal act; (iii) the creditor was aware of the 
debtor’s insolvency at the time it acquired the claim to be set off; (iv) the creditor has not yet satisfied the debtor’s 
due and payable claim for the amount owing which exceeds the creditor’s claim to be set off; and (v) in certain 
other circumstances described in the Czech Insolvency Act, such as upon the issuance of the Preliminary 
Injunction by the insolvency court. There is only one available method of resolving the Issuer’s insolvency and 
that is bankruptcy (in Czech, konkurs). The insolvency court would therefore always decide simultaneously on a 
Declaration of Insolvency to confirm the state of affairs and on a declaration of bankruptcy (in Czech, rozhodnutí 
o prohlášení konkursu) (the Declaration of Bankruptcy) to decide on the use of method to resolve the insolvency. 
Therefore, the statutory conditions for set-off must be met prior to the Declaration of Insolvency and Declaration 
of Bankruptcy in respect of the Issuer. According to the conservative interpretation this means that a set-off must 
be perfected prior to such decision, i.e. that the set-off must also be invoked against the Issuer prior to the 
Declaration of Bankruptcy. However, there is also a view that the legal conditions of set-off do not comprise the 
act by which set-off is invoked against the Issuer. 
In summary, the above means that, having no regard to whether the relevant claims and obligations have become 
due and payable, the right of a unilateral set-off of (i) the claims of the debtors under the Mortgage Loans vis-à-
vis (ii) the claims of the Issuer under the Mortgage Loans, may be exercised not only prior to the insolvency but 
also after the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings or even after the Declaration of Bankruptcy in respect 
of the Issuer and, subject to some other conditions, always only provided that the Issuer is unable to pay its 
monetary obligations as they fall due. Although the Issuer may contractually eliminate such debtors’ rights to set-
off and such contractual arrangements would continue to apply following the Commencement of the Insolvency 
Proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer has not done that in its agreements or contracts on Mortgage Loans 
and/or agreements or contracts on current or other bank accounts it has entered into with its clients as the debtors 
under the Mortgage Loans, nor has the Issuer done that in its Standard Contractual Terms and Conditions 
applicable to those agreements or contracts. 
Hence, the Issuer’s clients, who are the debtors of the Mortgage Loans and at the same time have a claim against 
the Issuer from separate transactions (including transactions under various agreements on current or other bank 
accounts), may exercise the right of unilateral set-off of their claims against the Issuer and the possibility of that 
set-off taking place cannot be completely excluded. Consequently, no assurance can be given that, if the right of 
unilateral set-off has been duly exercised by some debtors of the Mortgage Loans, the value of the Cover Assets 
or Accessory Assets in the Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay all amounts due and payable under all Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
A Covered Block Administrator appointed by the CNB may decide on a proportional decrease of all debts from 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Acts, the CNB shall appoint an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, 
nucený správce krytých bloků) (the Covered Block Administrator) without undue delay after (i) the CNB has 
filed an insolvency petition seeking the Declaration of the Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the 
Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer has entered into liquidation, (iv) the CNB has revoked the Issuer’s banking 
licence, or (v) the Issuer is, for reasons directly related to its financial situation, unable to discharge its debts and 
there is no prospect that it will be able to do so. 
If the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the Cover Pool is lower than the total nominal value of the debts for 
whose cover the Cover Pool serves, the Covered Block Administrator may decide on a proportional (pari passu) 
decrease of all debts from the Mortgage Covered Bonds for whose cover the Cover Pool serves, resulting in a 
permanent reduction of the nominal values of all such debts, including the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds. After the debts have been reduced, the Covered Block Administrator may further decide on realization of 
assets in the Cover Pool and consequently proceed with early repayment of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. This 
may result in Mortgage Covered Bondholders receiving less than the total interest and principal they were expecting 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
The risk factors regarding the Mortgage Covered Bonds are presented in the following categories depending on 
their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
− 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
− 
Risks related to the nature of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
− 
Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to trading on 
a regulated market; and 
− 
Other risks related to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising from the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder with a fixed rate of interest (the Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds) is 
exposed to the risk that the price of such Mortgage Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest 
rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is fixed during the life of such Mortgage Covered Bond, the current interest rate on capital markets (“market 
interest rate”) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bond also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond typically falls, until the yield of such Mortgage Covered Bond is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of such Mortgage Covered Bond is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. If the Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bond holds such 
Mortgage Covered Bond until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder as the Mortgage Covered Bond will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually 
the principal amount of such Mortgage Covered Bond. The same risks apply to fixed rate Mortgage Covered Bond 
where the fixed rate of interest increases over the term of the Mortgage Covered Bond (the Step-up Mortgage 
Covered Bonds) or where the fixed rate of interest decreases over the term of the Mortgage Covered Bond (the 
Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds and, together with Step-up Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Step-up/Step-
down Mortgage Covered Bonds) if the market interest rates in respect of comparable Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are higher than the rates applicable to such Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued with a fixed interest rate and a floating interest rate (the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) comprise both, risks relating to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (see above 
section Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds)) and risks 
relating to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (see below section Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds). 
In addition, the Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce 
a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed 
to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Risks associated with the reform of Euribor, Pribor and other interest rate benchmarks 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Mortgage Covered Bonds with a floating rate of interest (the Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) is exposed to the risk of fluctuating CMS rates (in case of Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds linked to a constant maturity swap rate (the CMS)) or fluctuating reference rate levels (in case of 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(Euribor), the Prague Interbank Offered Rate (Pribor) or other reference rates) and uncertain interest income.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Fluctuating CMS rate levels or reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in advance. 
The Euribor, the Pribor and other interest rate indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (each a Benchmark 
and together the Benchmarks) have become the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect on any Mortgage Covered Bonds 
linked to such a Benchmark.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended) (the 
Benchmark Regulation). In addition, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations which 
may impact Benchmarks. The Benchmark Regulation applies to ‘contributors’, ‘administrators’ and ‘users’ of 
Benchmarks in the EU, and (i) requires, among other things, Benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if 
non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain ‘equivalence’ conditions in its local jurisdiction, to be ‘recognised’ by the 
authorities of a Member State pending an equivalence decision or to be ‘endorsed’ for such purpose by an EU 
competent authority) and to comply with requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks and (ii) 
ban the use of Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope of the Benchmark Regulation is wide and, 
in addition to so-called ‘critical Benchmark’ indices such as Euribor, will apply to many other interest rate indices. 
Given that the Benchmark Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA®), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR®) and the euro short-term rate (€STR®) are 
administered by the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the ECB, respectively, 
SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® do not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the future, such reference rate 
might fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Mortgage Covered Bonds linked to a Benchmark 
rate or index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation, its authorisation is withdrawn or suspended, or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which 
(subject to applicable transitional provisions) does not satisfy the ‘equivalence’ conditions, is not 
‘recognised’ pending such a decision and is not ‘endorsed’ for such purpose. In such event, depending 
on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark’ could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, including Issuer determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain Benchmarks. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the 
abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark 
could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would 
otherwise be, and/or could have an effect on the value of any Mortgage Covered Bonds whose interest or principal 
return is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to 
the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Benchmarks could also be discontinued entirely. If a Benchmark were to be 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Mortgage Covered Bonds which are 
linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, which in the end could result in the same rate being applied until maturity of the floating 
rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest (or 
resulting in a redemption right of the Issuer). Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on floating rate Mortgage Covered Bonds whose rate of interest is 
linked to a discontinued Benchmark.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR® 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be linked to SONIA®, SOFR® and €STR®. SONIA® 
is based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling 
overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to the SONIA® as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to the Sterling 
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
SONIA® that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors 
in Mortgage Covered Bonds which reference a SONIA® rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will 
be payable on such Mortgage Covered Bonds. Further, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and payable, 
the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Mortgage Covered Bonds became due and payable. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC) convened by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the SOFR® as the rate that 
represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts. The Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR® is subject to important limitations and disclaimers. 
SOFR® is published based on data received from other sources. There can be no guarantee that the SOFR® will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
the respective Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the manner in which the SOFR® is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the trading prices 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. SOFR® has been published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since 
April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the SOFR® as an indicator of future 
changes in the SOFR®. Also, since the SOFR® is a relatively new market index, the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may 
be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR® does not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the trading price of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may not be able to sell the Mortgage Covered Bonds at all or may not be able to sell the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
In light of these developments and similar to the approaches in the United States and the United Kingdom, the 
Governing Council of the European Central Bank (the ECB) has decided to develop €STR® based on data already 
available to the eurosystem. €STR® reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area 
banks, complements existing benchmark rates provided by the private sector and is published on each TARGET2 
banking day since 2 October 2019. Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be implemented and, 
in particular, that there is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the transition from 
existing reference rates to €STR® could result in further uncertainties and limitations, investors in the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds should consider all these factors when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risk of early redemption 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that contain a call option of the Issuer (the Call-Option) may be redeemed by the Issuer 
on certain call dates (the Call Dates) as specified in the Final Terms, by giving notice to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders (subject to restrictions in applicable laws and regulations). 
If the Issuer redeems any Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to maturity or if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject 
to an early redemption due to a tax or regulatory event, a Mortgage Covered Bondholder is exposed to the risk 
that due to early redemption his investment may have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer might exercise his 
optional call right if the yield on comparable Mortgage Covered Bonds in the capital market falls which means 
that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in Mortgage Covered Bonds with a lower 
yield.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Amendments to terms and conditions 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders are subject to the risk of losing rights vis-à-vis the Issuer against their will in the 
event that the other Mortgage Covered Bondholders agree pursuant to the Final Terms with the Issuer to make 
certain amendments to the terms and conditions by majority vote according to the German Bond Act (in German, 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) and the particular Mortgage Covered Bondholder is supporting a dissenting view on 
a matter. In the case of an appointment of a common representative for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, a 
particular Mortgage Covered Bondholder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce his rights against 
the Issuer regardless of other Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds with a Cap 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be equipped with a cap with respect to the interest payment. In that 
case, the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield of 
these Mortgage Covered Bonds could therefore be lower than that of similarly structured Mortgage Covered 
Bonds without a cap. The market value of such Mortgage Covered Bonds may decrease or fluctuate over their 
term to a higher extent than comparable interest structured Mortgage Covered Bonds without a cap. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds with a participation rate (factor) 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may be equipped with a feature that, for the calculation of interest payable 
on the Mortgage Covered Bonds, an amount calculated on the basis of the interest provisions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will be multiplied by a participation rate (factor). 
In the case of a participation rate (factor) which is below 100 per cent. (a factor smaller than 1), Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders usually participate less on a positive performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this would be 
the case in the event of a multiplication with a factor of 1 or if Mortgage Covered Bonds are not equipped with a 
participation rate (factor). In other words, the variable interest rate payable on the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
increases less than the relevant reference price(s). However, in the case of a participation rate (factor) which is 
above 100 per cent. (a factor bigger than 1), Mortgage Covered Bondholders usually are exposed to the risk that, 
despite of the influence of other features, the accrual of interest will decrease more in the case of a negative 
performance of the relevant reference rate(s) than this would be the case in the event of a multiplication with a 
factor of 1 or if Mortgage Covered Bonds are not equipped with a participation rate (factor). 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value (discounted Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds) or at their nominal value (compounded Zero 
Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds). Instead of periodical interest payments, the difference between the 
redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects the market interest rate. 
A Mortgage Covered Bondholder of a Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk that the price 
of such Mortgage Covered Bonds falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds and are likely to 
respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing Mortgage Covered Bonds with a 
similar maturity. 
The Maturity Date may be delayed to the Extended Maturity Date under the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) is applicable to a Series 
of Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds not redeemed will be automatically extended up to (and including) the date designated 
as an “Extended Maturity Date” in the applicable Final Terms (the Extended Maturity Date). In that event, the 
Issuer may redeem all or part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. In 
that event also, the Mortgage Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, save in respect of Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds from the 
Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders in that event other than as set out in the section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds and Related Information. 
As discussed in The Mortgage Covered Bondholders share the Issuer’s Cover Pool with the holders of all Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer above, the Issuer’s Cover Pool is shared by all Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders. This means that if particular Final Terms specify Extended Maturity Date as applicable, 
there is a risk that, in the event that the Issuer were in financial difficulty the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
relation to that Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds would not be paid as quickly as Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
in respect of similar Series without an Extended Maturity Date. This would put such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders at a disadvantage if the Issuer entered into financial difficulties in the period between the Maturity 
Date and the Extended Maturity Date as other Series of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds might be paid by the 
Issuer after the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before any financial difficulty or increased financial 
difficulty were obvious.  
The concept of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under and governed by foreign law was adopted by 
the Czech Bonds Act in 2012 and it is not certain how the Czech Bonds Act as well as the CNB Decree and the 
relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will be interpreted in judicial, administrative or other relevant 
practice following the date of issue of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The current wording of Section 28(1) of the Czech Bonds Act provides that Czech covered bonds (in Czech, kryté 
dluhopisy) are either: (i) bonds (in Czech, dluhopisy) which are issued under and governed by Czech law; or (ii) 
similar debt securities representing a right for repayment of an owed amount issued under foreign law, which as 
of the respective issue date meet the Statutory Tests. 
The Czech Bonds Act has been amended already in 2012 to enable the mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, 
hypoteční zástavní listy) (i.e. the only category of then recognized Czech covered bonds) to be issued not only as 
Czech law governed bonds (in Czech, dluhopisy) but also as foreign law (e.g., German law) governed debt 
securities such as the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Czech Bonds Act and the issuance of German law governed 
covered bonds have not been tested in Czech courts and, for this reason, there is no relevant case law available. 
It is uncertain how the Czech Bonds Act will be interpreted or whether changes or amendments will be made to 
it which will affect the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Therefore, no assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Czech law (including the Czech Bonds Act, 
the CNB Decree or the Czech Insolvency Act) or administrative or other relevant practice after the date of issue 
of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Additionally, the interpretation of certain provisions of Czech law, in particular commercial, financial and 
insolvency laws, is not well established due to little precedent in respect of sophisticated commercial and financial 
transactions between private parties. Furthermore, these laws are subject to changes and interpretation in a manner 
which cannot be currently foreseen and anticipated, and which may affect the rights and obligations arising in 
connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In addition, any change in legislation or in practice in the Czech Republic, Luxembourg, Germany or in any other 
relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact: (i) the ability of the Issuer to service the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
and (ii) the market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
In any proceedings taken in the Czech Republic for the enforcement of the obligations of the Issuer under any 
contract governed by German law, the Czech courts should recognise the choice of German law as the governing 
law of such contract subject to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on the law applicable to contractual obligations (the Rome I Regulation). To the extent the rules of 
the Rome I Regulation do not apply to unilateral acts, Section 90 of Czech Act No. 91/2012 Coll., on private 
international law (the Czech Private International Law Act) provides (with effect from 1 January 2014) for free 
choice of law in respect of such unilateral acts.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Recent changes in the Czech Bonds Act may affect various aspects of the validity or enforceability of the 
Issuer’s or the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights and obligations including those under the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds  
A significant amendment No. 307/2018 Coll. to the Czech Bonds Act which introduced a new legal framework 
of Czech covered bonds including ring-fencing of the Cover Pool from the Issuer’s general insolvency estate has 
entered into force on 4 January 2019. Considering that this new regulatory framework took effect from 4 January 
2019 only, there is no case law and very limited market practice at this moment. It is not clear how the new and 
untested regulatory framework and regulations will be interpreted in the future and what effect such interpretation 
will have on the validity and enforceability of certain rights and obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds do not contain a cross-default provisions 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds do not contain a cross-default provision in respect of 
the Issuer’s Local Bond Programmes. In some cases, the covered bonds issued under the Local Bond Programmes 
which benefit from the same cover pool may be accelerated as a result of an event of default occurring under the 
Local Bond Programmes that is not present under the Programme. As a result, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
would not be able to accelerate in some circumstances in which the holders of the covered bonds under the Local 
Bond Programmes would (if the cross-default provision is contained therein). If the holders of the relevant covered 
bonds issued under the Local Bond Programmes would accelerate and their claims were satisfied, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders might be in a worse position as they could still face a potential pari passu haircut under 
Section 32e(1) of the Czech Bonds Act and there would generally be less assets to distribute in a situation where 
the Covered Block would be over-indebted and the excess claims would rely on being satisfied on a pari passu 
basis with all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
Risks related to the nature of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Risks relating to market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The market value (or the market price) of the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be affected by a number of factors 
such as prevailing interest and yield rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions or, as the 
case may be, the remaining term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are traded after 
their initial issuance, these factors may lead to a market value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds being substantially 
below their Issue Price. The market value, at which a Mortgage Covered Bondholder will be able to sell the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, may be substantially below the Issue Price. The Issuer does not guarantee that the 
spread between purchase and selling prices lies within a certain range or remains constant. If the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder sells the Mortgage Covered Bonds at a time where the market value of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds is below the Issue Price he will suffer a loss. 
Interest rate risk 
The interest rate risk is one of the central risks of interest-bearing Mortgage Covered Bonds. The interest rate 
level on the money and capital markets may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to change on a daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future changes 
of the market interest rate level. Mortgage Covered Bondholders of floating rate Mortgage Covered Bonds may 
receive a lower interest amount than they have initially expected. Mortgage Covered Bondholders of fixed rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are exposed to an interest rate risk that could result in a diminution in value of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds if the market interest rate level increases. In general, the effects of this risk increase as 
the market interest rates increase. 
Currency risk with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the jurisdiction where 
the investor is domiciled or where the investor seeks to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies (the 
Currency Exchange Rates) are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency 
markets, which are affected by macro-economic factors, speculations and intervention by the central banks and 
governments (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in Currency Exchange 
Rates may have a negative impact on the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and may result in a loss.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Risks associated with over-indebted Covered Block and the principle of dual recourse 
In the case of the Issuer’s insolvency, Czech law allows Mortgage Covered Bondholders to benefit from dual 
recourse against the (i) Cover Pool, which covers the obligations of the Issuer arising from the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds issued under this Programme, and (ii) insolvency estate of the Issuer. Where, after the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the Cover Pool is lower than the total nominal 
value of the debts for which the Cover Pool serves (i.e. the Covered Block is over-indebted), the Covered Block 
Administrator shall quantify the claims of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders to the extent in which they are not 
covered by the Cover Pool and, without undue delay, shall send such quantification to the insolvency court within 
the period stipulated by the applicable law (typically two months). Upon delivery of the quantification, the 
respective claims contained therein are deemed to be registered within the insolvency proceedings (in order to 
seek satisfaction from the insolvency estate of the Issuer). The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may also register 
these claims themselves. 
However, if the Covered Block Administrator fails to sufficiently ascertain the over-indebtedness of the Covered 
Block and/or to quantify the relevant claims of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders within the above-mentioned 
period for registration of claims with the insolvency court and the Covered Bondholders do not make the 
respective registration themselves (since they might not even learn about the insufficient assets in the Cover Pool), 
or if the Covered Block Administrator ascertains the over-indebtedness sufficiently, but the over-indebtedness 
increases subsequently (e.g. due to a decrease of value of the assets included in the Cover Pool), the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders will no longer be able to register such claims with the insolvency court. 
The over-indebted Covered Block can also be subject to the proportional (pari passu) decrease of all debts from 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds for whose cover the Cover Pool serves (the Pari Passu Haircut) (see section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9 below9. Insolvency 
of the Issuer and the Cover Pool below). Since the Pari Passu Haircut results in a permanent reduction of the 
nominal values of all such debts, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will not be able to register their claims in 
the amount exceeding the Pari Passu Haircut within the respective insolvency proceedings. 
Both of the above-mentioned issues are being addressed in the currently discussed amendment to the Czech Bonds 
Act. Should this amendment be adopted, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would be able to register the relevant 
claims with the insolvency court within one year after the standard period for registration expires. In the case of 
the Pari Passu Haircut, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would be able to register with the insolvency court 
any amount of reduction under the Pari Passu Haircut at any time of the respective insolvency proceedings. 
However, the legislative discussions regarding this amendment are still at an early stage and the actual adoption 
is, therefore, not certain. 
If any of these risks materialise, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders might lose a part of their investment. 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may share the Issuer’s Cover Pool with the holders of other covered bonds 
issued by the Issuer 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which rank pari passu among themselves and with all 
other covered bonds issued by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the Cover Pool and with other 
obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may create one cover pool, providing cover for all covered bonds 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, or several cover pools, in which case the Issuer has 
to specify covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act should be covered by each 
cover pool.  
Thus, all holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme have the benefit of the Cover Pool 
(i.e. of the same cover pool). Furthermore, the Issuer is not limited in the nature or volume of covered bonds it 
may issue in the future which will be covered by the Cover Pool, and may therefore also issue further Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or other covered bonds without a limitation in terms of volume which will be covered 
by the same cover pool as the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under this Programme.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, without undue delay after (i) the CNB has filed an insolvency petition seeking the 
Declaration of the Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer 
has entered into liquidation, (iv) the CNB has revoked the Issuer’s banking licence, or (v) the Issuer is, for reasons 
directly related to its financial situation, unable to discharge its debts and there is no prospect that it will be able 
to do so, the CNB appoints an involuntary covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých bloků) 
(the Covered Block Administrator). Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator manages all the 
covered blocks of the Issuer, including the Covered Block (which is constituted by the Cover Pool and the debts 
that the Cover Pool covers). 
If the CNB would appoint the Covered Block Administrator, and if the Covered Block Administrator realised any 
proceeds from the Cover Pool (in accordance with its powers described in section General Description of Czech 
and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9. Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool 
below), the proceeds would be distributed among all Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the holders of any other 
covered bonds issued by the Issuer then outstanding that will be covered by the Cover Pool and the creditors of 
other debts covered by the Cover Pool. This may result in Mortgage Covered Bondholders receiving less than the 
total interest and principal they were expecting in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Issuer 
will comply with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test, there can be no assurance that the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool will have sufficient value to meet all payments due in respect of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. 
Green Mortgage Covered Bonds, Social Mortgage Covered Bonds, Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
Use of Proceeds may not meet investors’ sustainable investment criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Mortgage Covered Bonds 
specifically for projects and activities that promote social and environmental purposes (Eligible Green Projects 
and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable). UniCredit Group has established a Sustainability Bond 
Framework which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects. The Sustainability Bond Framework can be accessed on the website of UniCredit Group 
(https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/investors/esg-investors/sustainability-bonds.html). For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Sustainability Bond Framework nor the content of the website or any Second Party Opinion (as 
defined below) are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Sustainability 
Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Mortgage Covered Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Compliance with further voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer may refer to such of Mortgage Covered Bonds as “green Mortgage Covered Bonds”, “social Mortgage 
Covered Bonds” or “sustainable Mortgage Covered Bonds”. The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it is an area which has been, and 
continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, 
guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political 
agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the Taxonomy 
Regulation). On 9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance published its final report on 
the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well 
as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against 
the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical 
Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the EU Green Bond Standard). On 15 April 2020, the Council 
adopted by written procedure its position at first reading with respect to the Taxonomy Regulation. The European 
Parliament will have to vote on the text pursuant to the “early second reading agreement” procedure. On 18 June 
2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 
entered into force and will apply in part as of 1 January 2022 and will apply in whole as of 1 January 2023. On

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
12 June 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green Bond 
Standard. This consultation was running for an extended period of 16 weeks until 2 October 2020. Based on the 
outcome of this consultation, as well as ongoing bilateral stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is 
likely to establish the EU Green Bond Standard in Q2 2021 according to Annex 1 of the European Commission 
Work Programme 2021. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any 
sustainability advisor or second party opinion provider or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that the 
use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or 
its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, 
any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to 
investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring 
agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so specified for Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the Sustainability Bond Framework, there can be no 
assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible 
Social Projects, as applicable, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for 
such Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. Nor can there be any assurance by the 
Issuer, the Dealers, any green or ESG structuring agent or any other person (including UniCredit Group) that such 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected 
or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not give the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholder the right to early terminate the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or 
in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on (as further specified 
below) and/or any such Mortgage Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Mortgage Covered Bonds which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Sustainability evaluations 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as 
applicable, to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (such opinion or certification

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
also referred to as a Second-Party Opinion). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may 
affect the value of any Mortgage Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework 
or any Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects, as applicable, against which the Issuer may assign 
the proceeds of any Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not 
intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person (including UniCredit 
Group) to buy, sell or hold any Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) 
at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any 
investment in any Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will have any recourse 
against the provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion. 
Inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced by 
inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Mortgage Covered Bonds. If the inflation 
rate is equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
Denominations 
In relation to any issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral 
multiples of EUR100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Mortgage Covered Bondholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
Risks related to the offer to the public and the admission of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to trading on a 
regulated market 
Risk that no active trading market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds exists 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be newly issued securities, which may not be widely distributed and for which 
no active trading market may exist and may develop. 
Although applications could be made for the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be admitted to the regulated market of 
any stock exchange or to any market within the European Economic Area, there is no assurance that such 
applications will be accepted, that a particular tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds will be admitted or that an 
active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance regarding the development or liquidity of 
a trading market for a particular tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Neither the Issuer nor a Dealer can assure 
that a Mortgage Covered Bondholder will be able to sell their Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to their maturity. If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not traded on any securities exchange, pricing information for the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be more difficult to obtain which may have a negative effect on the liquidity and the market 
prices of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open 
market, by tender or private agreement. Any Mortgage Covered Bonds purchased in this way by the Issuer may 
be held, resold or cancelled. If the Issuer acts as the only market maker or if there is no market maker, the 
secondary market may become even more limited. The more limited the secondary market is, the more difficult it 
may be for Mortgage Covered Bondholders to realise the value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds prior to the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
maturity date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, a certain risk does exist that Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders have to hold the Mortgage Covered Bonds until the maturity date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
or the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed early (if a right to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds early is 
applicable). 
Risks relating to the offering volume 
The offering volume described in the Final Terms is equal to the maximum volume of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds offered, which might be increased at any time. This amount does not allow any conclusions on the volume 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds actually issued, and thus on the liquidity of a potential secondary market 
associated with the same risks as stated above. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer or any of their affiliates has assumed or assumes responsibility towards any 
potential investor for the legality of the acquisition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, whether under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
potential investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Other risks related to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Ratings 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, 
the Issuer may decide to no longer use the services of a particular rating agency or use the services of another 
rating agency. Any ratings assigned to Mortgage Covered Bonds as at the date hereof are not indicative of future 
performance of the relevant Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, in view of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council on Credit 
Rating Agencies, rating processes may differ from former ratings and rating processes as a result of which the 
rating of the Mortgage Covered Bonds may differ or may not be available at all. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not covered by the statutory deposit protection (in Czech, pojištění 
pohledávek z vkladů)  
Claims of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders under the Mortgage Covered Bonds are not covered by the statutory 
deposit protection (in Czech, pojištění pohledávek z vkladů). In the case of an over-indebted cover pool, the 
excessive part of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ receivables (i.e. to the extent the value of such receivables 
exceeds the available cover provided by the cover pool) remain uncovered. Such Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ 
claims may only be satisfied together with all other claims of all other general creditors of the Issuer registered 
with the insolvency court. Therefore, in such case and upon the insolvency of the Issuer, Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders could be subject to the risk of a significant loss of their investment in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Transaction costs 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Mortgage Covered Bondholders (direct costs), potential 
investors must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Potential investors should inform 
themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds before investing in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
When Mortgage Covered Bonds are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction 
fees and commissions) are incurred beside the purchase or sale price of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. These 
incidental costs may significantly reduce or even eliminate any profit from holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Generally, credit institutions charge commissions, which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions, depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, for example domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Mortgage

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Covered Bondholders may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of 
such parties (third-party costs). 
Risks relating to hedging transactions 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders may not be able to make transactions to preclude or limit risks at all times during 
the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Their ability to do so will depend on, inter alia, market conditions. In 
some cases investors may make such transactions only at a market price that is disadvantageous to them, so that 
a significant loss will occur. 
Transactions to reduce risks 
Any person intending to use the Mortgage Covered Bonds as a hedging instrument should recognise the 
correlation risk. The correlation risk in this case is the risk that the estimated and the actual correlation of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds may differ. This means that the hedging position estimated to move in the opposite 
direction as a security may prove to be correlated with the security, and that this may lead to failure of the 
envisaged hedging transaction. The Mortgage Covered Bonds may not be a perfect hedge to an underlying or 
portfolio of which the underlying forms a part.  
Risks relating to the expansion of the spread between bid and offer prices 
In special market situations, the Issuer may be unable to conclude hedging transactions, or when such transactions 
are very difficult to conclude, the spread between the bid and offer prices which will be quoted by the Issuer may 
be temporarily expanded, in order to limit the economic risk of the Issuer. As a consequence, Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders who sell their Mortgage Covered Bonds on an exchange or directly among market participants via 
so-called over-the-counter dealings (off-exchange) can only sell them at a price that is substantially lower than 
the actual value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds at the time of the sale and will therefore suffer a loss.  
Reinvestment risk 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash resources freed 
from any Mortgage Covered Bonds. The return, the Mortgage Covered Bondholder will receive from a Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, depends not only on the price and the nominal interest rate of the Mortgage Covered Bonds but 
also on whether or not the interest received during the term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, if any, can be 
reinvested at the same or a higher interest rate than the rate provided for in the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The risk 
that the general market interest rate falls below the interest rate of the Mortgage Covered Bonds during its term is 
generally called reinvestment risk. The extent of the reinvestment risk depends on the individual features of the 
relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising from financing the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
If a potential investor decides to finance the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds with funds borrowed from 
a third party, the investor should make sure in advance that he can still pay the interest and principal payments on 
the loan also in the event of a loss. The investor should not rely on gains or profits from the investment in the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in order to repay interest and principal of the loans when due and payable. In that case, 
the expected return must be set higher since the costs relating to the purchase of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and 
those relating to the loan (interest, redemption, handling fee) have to be taken into account. 
The Issuer and the Cover Pool may be exposed to substantial foreign exchange and currency mismatches and 
risks related to any issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme denominated in foreign 
currencies (including in EUR or USD), which may be effectively hedged against for the sole benefit of the 
Cover Pool and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders under the currently effective Czech law applicable to the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds only after fulfilling certain requirements in respect of the hedging 
On top of the Issuer and its subsidiaries setting limits and performing certain other measures aimed at reducing 
foreign exchange rate risk, including but not limited to entering into foreign exchange derivative contracts, the 
Issuer may in respect of individual issuances of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme, enter into 
hedging arrangements in the form of cross-currency swap transactions or similar swap or derivative transactions

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(a Hedging Arrangement or the Hedging Arrangements) in order to hedge its foreign exchange or other 
exposures and liabilities (or their part) under the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
eliminate any inherent currency or other mismatches. The Czech Bonds Act allow for a claim or receivable arising 
under a Hedging Arrangement to be included in the Cover Pool or a creditor of a claim or receivable arising under 
a Hedging Arrangement (the Hedging Counterparty) to have any direct or indirect claim or receivable or priority 
right to the Cover Pool provided that (i) the purpose of the Hedging Arrangement is to hedge against the risks 
related to Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool or the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, (ii) from the terms 
under which the Hedging Arrangement was concluded, it is clear that it is concluded in relation to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, (iii) the terms of the Hedging Arrangement provide that insolvency of an Issuer or a 
crisis resolution or similar measure in respect of an Issuer cannot constitute an event of default or a termination 
or similar event which could lead to early termination of the Hedging Arrangement, and (iv) the Issuer’s 
counterparty to the Hedging Arrangement has granted its prior consent to registration of the Hedging Arrangement 
in the Cover Assets Register (whilst the same applies also to removal of the Hedging Arrangement from the Cover 
Assets Records). 
If the requirements set out in the previous paragraph are not met, the Issuer may enter into the Hedging 
Arrangements only by virtue of on-the-market swap or derivative transactions that would constitute ordinary and 
unsegregated on-balance-sheet claims or obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Hedging Counterparty without any 
specific direct or indirect link to the Cover Pool whatsoever. As a result, any foreign exchange or currency risks 
that the Issuer and the Cover Pool are exposed to in connection with any issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
under the Programme denominated in foreign currencies (including in EUR or USD) may not be effectively 
hedged against for the sole benefit of the Cover Pool and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg as regards 
the transfer, payment and communication 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes may be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Notes are New Global Notes, a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Mortgage Covered Bonds. While the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge the 
payment obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary, or for 
Mortgage Covered Bonds that are New Global Notes, the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely 
on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Note. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event 
of a default under the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Mortgage Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (except for the status provisions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which are governed by Czech law) are based on German law in effect as at the date of this 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial or administrative decision or 
changes to German and/or Czech law after the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditor’s report and consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular (but excluding the cover page which is not relevant for investors in the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds): 
 
Auditor’s Report ............................................................................... 
203-209 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................... 
37 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  .................................. 
38 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................. 
39 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 
40 
Notes to the Financial Statements (Consolidated) ............................ 
41-119 
 
 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/vyrocni-zpravy/VZ_2020_EN_final.pdf) 
(b) 
the auditor’s report and consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2019 including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular (but excluding the cover page which is not relevant for investors in the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds): 
 
Auditor’s Report ............................................................................... 
192-197 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.......................... 
39 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  .................................. 
40 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ............................................. 
41 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 
42 
Notes to the Financial Statements (Consolidated) ............................ 
43-115 
 
 
(available at: https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/vyrocni-zpravy/VZ_2019_EN_final.pdf) 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds contained in the previous base prospectuses 
relating to the Programme: 
(i) 
base prospectus dated 29 November 2013 (on pages 59 to 87) (available at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-
programme/UCBCZSK_Covered_Bond_Programme_Base_Prospectus_29Nov_2013.pdf);  
(ii) 
base prospectus dated 28 November 2014 (on pages 62 to 90) (available at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-
bance/international-covered-bond-programme/Base_Prospectus-28_November_2014.pdf);  
(iii) 
base prospectus dated 10 January 2017 (on pages 62 to 91), (available at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty-
2017/ostatni/international-e5-bln-covered-bond-
programme/UCB_Base_Prospectus_dated_10_January_2017.PDF);  
(iv) 
base prospectus dated 29 November 2017 (on pages 64 to 93) (available at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty-
2017/ostatni/international-e5-bln-covered-bond-programme/UCBCZSK_2017_Update_-
_Base_Prospectus.pdf); and 
(v) 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
June 
2020 
(on 
pages 
58 
to 
212) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.unicreditbank.cz/content/dam/cee2020-pws-cz/cz-dokumenty/o-

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
bance/international-covered-bond-
programme/Frederick_2020_Update_Base_Prospectus_Consolidated_FINAL.pdf). 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. All documents incorporated by reference will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in Luxembourg.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such supplement to this Base Prospectus will be approved by 
the CSSF.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
FORM OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
Holding of Mortgage Covered Bonds in a manner which would allow ECB eligibility 
If the recognition of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem is intended, the following applies: 
(a) 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in the form of a ‘Classical Global Note’, the ‘Classical Global 
Note’ is intended to be deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt which does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility); or 
(b) 
If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in the form of a ‘New Global Note’, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the international central securities depositaries 
(ICSDs) as common safekeeper which does not necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS AND RELATED 
INFORMATION 
 
This section Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and Related Information comprises the 
following parts: 
I. 
General Information; 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (German language version); 
III. 
Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (English language version); and 
IV. 
Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issue Procedures 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Terms and Conditions) are set forth in the 
following 3 options (each an Option and, together, the Options): 
Option I applies to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Step-up/Step-down Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Option II applies to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds (including Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds). 
Option III applies to Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Type A and Type B 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or potentially 
a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets and corresponding 
comments. 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds and as documented by the relevant Final 
Terms either in the form of “Type A” or in the form of “Type B”: 
Type A 
If Type A applies to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions) will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to 
the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds by inserting such Option in the Final Terms Part I and will (ii) 
specify and complete such Option so inserted, respectively. 
Where Type A applies, the Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Type B 
If Type B applies to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions) will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to 
the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds and will (ii) specify and complete the variables that shall be 
applicable to such Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds by completing the relevant tables pertaining to the chosen 
Option contained in PART I of the Final Terms. 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed tables pertaining to the relevant Option in PART I of the Final 
Terms, and (ii) the relevant Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions will be attached to the respective 
Global Note. In such case, Mortgage Covered Bondholders have to use the information set out in Part I of the 
relevant Final Terms and read it together with the relevant Terms and Conditions by filling in relevant information 
into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions and by reading information provided in 
Part I of the Relevant Final Terms into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Language 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds will determine whether the German or the 
English language version of the Terms and Conditions shall be controlling and binding. A translation into the 
English or German language version respectively will be provided for convenience only but will not be part of 
the Final Terms relating to such Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Final Terms relating to a Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds may also determine that the Terms and 
Conditions are written in the German or in the English language only. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds Qualify as hypoteční zástavní listy under Czech law. In the German language 
version of the Terms and Conditions, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are referred to as “nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen”. Although the terminology is 
slightly different, the English language version and the German language version describe the same kind 
of securities in nature, i.e. mortgage covered bonds (hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (GERMAN LANGUAGE 
VERSION) 
Option I: Emissionsbedingungen für Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die Serie) von nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) (die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (die Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird 
einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (der Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(die 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. Die 
Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(4) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
[sind Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear).] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD 
(International Central Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs)]. [ist Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(5) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(6) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs 
eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in 
§ 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem 
Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(6)][(7)]Die 
Emittentin 
darf 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff “ Schuldverschreibungen” umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebene Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. Der 
jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn 
eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder einer Anpassung], gemäß § 4 [(2)][(3)] 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig. Die erste 
Zinszahlung wird, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß § 4 ([2][3]), am [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
erfolgen. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen ersten Kupons, einfügen: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung] [[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, 
einfügen] 
bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag]. [Im Falle eines kurzen/langen letzten Kupons, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum vom [Zinszahltag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgeht, einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je festgelegter 
Stückelung, einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung]. [[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag, einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag]. 
Zinsperiode ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich). 
(2) 
Zinssatz meint 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die keine Stufenzins-Schuldverschreibungen sind, einfügen: 
[jährlichen Festzinssatz einfügen]. 
Zinszahltag meint den [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] sowie den Fälligkeitstag.] 
[Im Fall von Stufenzins Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
im Hinblick auf einen Zinszahltag den Prozentsatz, der in der Spalte “Zinssatz” der nachstehenden 
Tabelle für den jeweiligen Zinszahltag vorgesehenen ist. 
Zinszahltag(e) meint jeden Tag, der in der nachstehenden Tabelle in der Spalte “Zinszahltag” aufgeführt 
ist: 
Zinszahltag 
Zinssatz 
[erster Zinszahltag]  
[Zinssatz] 
[Für jeden weiteren Zinszahltag, einfügen: [Zinszahltag einfügen] 
[Zinssatz]] 
Fälligkeitstag 
[Zinssatz]] 
(3) 
Die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags (der Zinsbetrag) erfolgt, indem das Produkt aus Zinssatz und 
Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird. 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
(4) 
Kommt es im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] zu einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen über den Fälligkeitstag hinaus, so werden die Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum relevanten, auf den Fälligkeitstag folgenden Zinszahltag, zu dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden, oder bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
verzinst, und zwar jeweils ausschließlich und je nachdem, welcher dieser beiden Tage eher eintritt, mit 
der Maßgabe von § 2 Abs. 1. In einem solchen Fall sind für diese Schuldverschreibungen Zinsen zu 
einem Satz zu zahlen, der sich nach § 2 Abs. 5 bemisst; diese Zinsen laufen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
monatlich rückwirkend auf den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen auf, und zwar 
bezüglich der Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar vor dem relevanten Zinszahltag endet. Der letzte Zinszahltag 
fällt spätestens auf den Tag des Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags.  
(5) 
Wird die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] über den Fälligkeitstag 
hinaus verlängert, so beträgt der Zinssatz, der von Zeit zu Zeit in Bezug auf den ausstehenden 
Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen an jedem Zinszahltag nach dem Fälligkeitstag für die 
unmittelbar vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag endende Zinsperiode zu zahlen ist, [Prozentsatz einfügen] 
und wird, wo zutreffend, von der Hauptzahlstelle zwei Bankarbeitstage nach dem Fälligkeitstag

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
bezüglich der ersten solchen Zinsperiode bestimmt und danach [Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden 
Monats / sonstige angeben] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
(6) 
§ 2 Abs. 4 bis § 2 Abs. 6 finden nur Anwendung, falls die Emittentin es versäumt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Fälligkeitstag (bzw. innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag) (vollständig) zurückzuzahlen, woraufhin die Fälligkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
automatisch im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag verlängert wird.] 
(7) 
Zinstagequotient ist bei der Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden Zinsbetrags für 
jeglichen Zeitraum (der Berechnungszeitraum) 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen: 
die Summe: 
(a) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher 
der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die darauffolgende Zinsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als 
ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
 
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] 
jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als en auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 
ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der 
letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag 
ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der 
Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des Berechnungszeitraumes 
vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option), 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag)] 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe der 
Festgelegten Stückelung (der Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig [falls ein Verlängerter 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Fälligkeitstag anwendbar ist, einfügen:, vorbehaltlich einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
zum 
[Verlängerten 
Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
Verlängerte 
Fälligkeitstag) gemäß der Regelung in nachstehendem § 3 [Abs. [3][4][5]]. 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 10 an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb einer 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die 
Ausgabe der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 Abs. 2 erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; 
auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu 
überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[(2)][(3)]Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 10 an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die Emittentin 
vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag einer Schuldverschreibung gesetzwidrig geworden ist oder gesetzwidrig 
wird, weiterhin Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder 
Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. Neufassung vor 
dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2] [3] ankündigt, wird sie der 
Hauptzahlstelle (zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an 
der von ihr benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung 
berechtigt ist, unter Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2] [3] 
erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht 
verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt 
der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2] [3] zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) 
mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)][(4)]Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am [Datum 
einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig [oder 
teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
mindestens 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum 
Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Schuldverschreibung] 
[der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
[(3)] [(4)] [(5)] 
Falls die Emittentin es versäumt, alle diese Schuldverschreibungen vollständig zum 
Fälligkeitstag (oder innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag) zurückzuzahlen, wird 
die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen und das Datum, zu dem diese Schuldverschreibungen für die 
Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen zur Rückzahlung anstehen, automatisch bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) verlängert. In einem solchen Fall ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Zinszahltag 
zurückzuzahlen, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, und zwar bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
[(4)] [(5)] [(6)] 
Die Emittentin hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern (im Einklang mit § 10) und der 
Hauptzahlstelle mindestens fünf Bankarbeitstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag oder dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
mitzuteilen, ob sie beabsichtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder 
teilweise vollständig zurückzuzahlen. Unterlässt es die Emittentin, die jeweilige Person solcherart zu 
verständigen, so hat dies keine Auswirkungen auf die Gültigkeit und Wirksamkeit der etwaigen 
Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag. Die 
Hauptzahlstelle wird das Clearingsystem von der Mitteilung seitens der Emittentin (falls zutreffend) 
unverzüglich nach Erhalt (und jedenfalls innerhalb von mindestens drei Bankarbeitstagen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen) verständigen. Zur Klarstellung: Falls die Hauptzahlstelle 
keine Mitteilung von der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [4] [5] [6] erhalten hat, soll sich die 
Hauptzahlstelle darum bemühen, das Clearingsystem von dem Umstand zu informieren, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen nicht zum Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
[(5)] [(6)] [(7)] 
Eine einmal erfolgte Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 Abs. 
[3] [4] [5] ist unwiderruflich. Soweit § 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] anwendbar ist, stellt ein Versäumnis der 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen am Fälligkeitstag (es sei denn, die Emittentin hat im Einklang 
mit § 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] [6] die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen angezeigt) oder eine 
Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 3

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Abs. [3] [4] [5] keinen Kündigungsgrund für irgendwelchen Zweck dar, und gibt keinem 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger das Recht, eine Zinszahlung, Kapital oder andere Zahlungen auf die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu erhalten, es sei denn, solche Zahlungen sind ausdrücklich in 
diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vorgesehen.  
[(6)] [(7)] [(8)] 
[Bei einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] 
werden Zinssätze, Zinsperioden und Zinszahltage betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) im Einklang mit § 2 
Abs. 4 bis § 2 Abs. 6 und [andere angeben] bestimmt.] 
[(7)] [(8)] [(9)] 
Wenn die Emittentin einen Teil und nicht den gesamten Betrag des ausstehenden Nennbetrags 
der Schuldverschreibungen an einem Zinszahltag, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
fällt, zurückzahlt, werden die Rückzahlungserlöse anteilig über die Schuldverschreibungen verteilt und 
der auf die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehende Nennbetrag wird um die Höhe dieser Rückzahlung 
reduziert.  
[(8)] [(9)] [(10)] Solange eine dieser Schuldverschreibungen noch in Umlauf ist, wird die Emittentin keine 
weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, es sei denn, die Erlöse aus der Emission 
solcher weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen werden von der Emittentin bei der Begebung 
dazu 
verwendet, 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vollständig oder teilweise zu tilgen.  
[(9)] [(10)] [(11)] §§ 3 Abs. [3] [4] [5] bis § 3 Abs. [9] [10] [11] finden nur auf Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung, wenn die Emittentin es versäumt, diese Schuldverschreibungen vollumfänglich am 
Fälligkeitstag (bzw. innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen danach) zurückzuzahlen.] 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder] 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin: einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis 
zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. 2 einfügen: 
(d) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. 2 bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu zahlen 
einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen [.] [oder]] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. [2] [3] einfügen: 
(e) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. [2] [3] bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu 
zahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen[.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(2) 
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] des Zinsbetrags / der Zinsbeträge[,][und] [des Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am 
jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]” multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] am jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der Geschäftstagekonvention. 
[Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet [TARGET2] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist. 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (der Ersatz-
Fixing Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge [und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, 
wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der 
Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen Wechselkurses (der Ersatz-Wechselkurs) 
bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-
Wechselkurs.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder 
aus der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung 
findet, oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar 
machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen 
Ausführung ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen (der 
Zahltag) auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag.] 
 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] [verschoben wird], 
werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET2 ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen8 verzinst. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 
definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle[, Berechnungsstelle]) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die Zahlstellen) 
ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß 
§ 10 mitzuteilen. 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
[(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (die Berechnungsstelle).] 
([2][3]) Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder die Berechnungsstelle] 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder 
Berechnungsstelle] [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine 
andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] [, bzw. eine 
andere Person oder Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle] zu ernennen. Eine 
Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder Berechnungsstelle] [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist 
von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 10 mitzuteilen. 
([3][4]) Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die 
Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
                                                     
8  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
([4][5]) Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden nur nach Abzug und Einbehalt gegenwärtiger oder 
zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder staatlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die unter jedwedem 
anwendbaren Rechtssystem oder in jedwedem Land, das die Steuerhoheit beansprucht, von oder im 
Namen einer Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde des Landes, die zur Steuererhebung ermächtigt ist, 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden (die Steuern) geleistet, soweit ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Die Emittentin hat gegenüber den zuständigen 
Regierungsbehörden Rechenschaft über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern abzulegen. 
 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen seitens bzw. 
namens der Emittentin erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug jeglicher gegenwärtiger oder künftiger 
Steuern oder Abgaben welcher Art auch immer, die seitens bzw. namens der Steuerjurisdiktion erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt bzw. Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
letzterem Fall wird die Emittentin die notwendigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, um zu gewährleisten, 
dass die von den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen erhaltenen Nettobeträge nach einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug den jeweiligen Beträgen von Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen zustehen würden, mit der 
Ausnahme, dass keine solchen zusätzlichen Beträge für Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Inhaber für solche Steuern oder Abgaben in Bezug auf diese Schuldverschreibung 
aufgrund seiner (über die bloße Inhaberschaft der Schuldverschreibung hinausgehenden) 
Verbindung mit der Steuerjurisdiktion haftbar ist; oder 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, außer in dem Umfang, in dem der Inhaber Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen 
Betrag gehabt hätte, wenn er die Schuldverschreibung an diesem dreißigsten Tag zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 Abs. [2][3] definiert) 
gewesen. 
(3) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code, irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren 
offizieller Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Zusammenarbeit in diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz 
zur Umsetzung oder in Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird. 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die Tschechische Republik oder eine Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auf deren Gebiet mit der Befugnis zur Erhebung von Steuern; und

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den Tag, an dem die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, es sei denn, 
der volle zu zahlende Betrag ist an bzw. vor diesem Fälligkeitstag nicht bei der Hauptzahlstelle 
eingegangen, 
in 
welchem 
Fall 
das 
Relevante 
Datum 
der 
Tag 
ist, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ordnungsgemäß in Übereinstimmung mit § 10 davon verständigt 
wurden, dass der volle zu zahlende Betrag erhalten wurde.] 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 14 handelt es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begebene , mit Hypotheken gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus den von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben.  
(3) 
[Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich um sog. “CRR-kompatible” Schuldverschreibungen, die 
den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei 
denen ausschließlich die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den 
Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen.] 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
der ausstehende Nennwert des Hypothekendarlehens; und  
(ii) 
der Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehens; 
(b) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition: deren ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(c) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert; und  
(d) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 4. Juni 2020 zwischen der 
Emittentin als Emittent und Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als Sonderaufseher (der Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bezeichnet bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Handelsbanken und Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder TARGET2 für Zahlungen oder 
Wechselgeschäfte mit dem Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
vor dem Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jährlich jedes Datum 
seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, 
das zumindest einen Kalendermonat nach solchem ersten Eintreten folgt. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Barforderungen der Emittentin gemäß Abschnitt 31(2)(d) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden 
Angepassten Werte für alle Deckungsaktiva, wobei der Angepasste Wert: 
(a) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls es sich beim 
Hypothekendarlehen um ein Notleidendes Darlehen handelt; 
(b) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das Hypothekendarlehen 
nicht die in § 30 Abs. 1 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes aufgeführten 
Bedingungen erfüllt; 
(c) 
für das einzelne CRR-Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das CRR-
Hypothekendarlehen nicht die anwendbaren Anforderungen der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung 
(CRR) erfüllt; und  
(d) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das Hypothekendarlehen im 
Sinne des Art. 178 der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) überfällig ist, 
wobei nicht auf tschechischen Kronen (koruna) lautende Deckungsaktiva zum Maßgeblichen 
Wechselkurs in den Gegenwert in tschechischen Kronen umgerechnet werden. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien genügen (soweit auf die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar). 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen festgelegt sind, und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken 
sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren 
Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung). 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß § 
31 Abs. 2 a) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., über 
die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese tschechischem 
oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie im Rahmen des Programms (als 
die 
hierin 
definierten 
Schuldverschreibungen), 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
Lokalen 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms, im Rahmen eines von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden 
Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. sowie weitere 
von Zeit zu Zeit im Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf 
fortlaufender Basis ernannte Dealer (zusammen die Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neugefasste Dealer Agreement vom 24. Juni 2021 
zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent, UniCredit Bank AG als Arrangeur und Dealer, und UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. als Dealer. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein beliebiges zur Deckungsmasse gehörendes Hypothekendarlehen, 
das mehr als 90 Tage in Verzug ist. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der Verordnung 
(EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale Gegenparteien 
und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der MiFID II-
Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen gemäß § 31 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den 30. Juni 2020; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm 
begibt; 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neugefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 24. Juni 2021 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm  bezeichnet das (dritte, ruhende) CZK 100.000.000.000 
Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin für die Begebung von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten 
Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den Anforderungen 
von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung genügen (und somit die Definition der Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllen) sowie (ii) anderen gemäß tschechischem Recht im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, sodann das (zweite, ruhende) CZK 
20.000.000.000 Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin mit ausstehenden mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den 
Anforderungen von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und 
der 
Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung 
genügen 
(und 
somit 
die 
Definition 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllen), und schließlich ein ruhendes EUR 5.000.000.000 Programm für 
Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin, vertreten durch ihre Niederlassung in der Slowakei, für die Begebung 
von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypotekárne záložné listy) gemäß 
slowakischem Recht, die den Anforderungen von §§ 14 ff. des slowakischen Gesetzes Nr. 530/1990 Slg., 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(Slowakisches

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) genügen sowie (ii) anderen gemäß slowakischem Recht im Einklang mit 
dem Slowakischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ist, den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die in der Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz und die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen eine Immobilie, die 
alle relevanten Voraussetzungen gemäß §§ 29 und 30 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
erfüllt und die zur Besicherung des Hypothekendarlehens verpfändet ist.  
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem anzuwendenden Recht (einschl. § 29 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und einschl. des Tschechischen Vermögensbewertungsgesetzes) und mit 
den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde. 
Soweit die einschlägigen Rechtsvorschriften nicht anders vorsehen, wird der Wert der Beliehenen 
Immobilie so berechnet, dass (i) der ermittelte Betrag, falls er auf eine andere Währung als die 
tschechische Krone (koruna) lautet, zum Maßgeblichen Wechselkurs umgerechnet wird, und (ii) der auf 
tschechische Kronen lautende ermittelte Betrag zum jeweiligen Betrag in tschechischen Kronen 
angesetzt wird. 
Nennwert bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden Hauptforderungen sowie aufgelaufener und 
ausstehender Zinsen in Bezug auf die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, Hypothekendarlehen oder 
andere Schulden oder Sicherheiten, wobei der Nennwert so zu berechnen ist, dass (i) Beträge in einer 
anderen Währung als der tschechischen Krone (koruna) zum Maßgeblichen Wechselkurs umgerechnet 
werden, und (ii) auf tschechische Kronen lautende Beträge zum jeweiligen Betrag in tschechischen 
Kronen angesetzt werden. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen zusammen mit allen 
in § 31 Abs. 2 (b) und (c) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 164/2014 Slg. der CNB vom 30. Juli 2014 
(Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) über die Umsetzung einiger 
Bestimmungen des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, wie durch die CNB-Verordnung 
ersetzt. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 7.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in tschechischen 
Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für die Umrechnung 
der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Bankarbeitstag bereitstellt, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für die 
relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Bankarbeitstag, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das slowakische Gesetz Nr. 483/2001 Slg., über Banken, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz für die Emittentin 
vorgeschriebenen Tests (einschließlich der in Abschnitt 28a Abs. 1, 2 und 3 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der 
CNB-Verordnung (und insbesondere in Abschnitt 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes) 
enthaltenen gesetzlichen Kriterien, nach denen entschieden wird, welche Deckungsaktiva Bestandteil der 
Deckungsmasse sein können. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (der Ersten Person) zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (die Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden bzw. 
beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis zur 
Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, oder 
anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement; und 
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag.  
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, ergänzten, 
erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.  
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse 
mindestens 
110 
% 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennwerts 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt (der Vertragliche Deckungstest). 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen 
ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Schuldverschreibungen abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien erfüllt (zusammen die 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien): 
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem oder slowakischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine erfasste Immobilie gemäß Auszug aus dem Tschechischen 
Grundbuch (“Immobilienkataster” – katastr nemovitostí) oder dem entsprechenden 
Immobilienverzeichnis einer maßgeblichen Jurisdiktion; 
(c) 
die Hypothekendarlehen wurden an eine oder mehrere natürliche Personen bzw. eine oder 
mehrere juristische Personen vergeben; 
(d) 
die Hypothekendarlehen werden ordnungsgemäß bedient, und es bestehen bezüglich dieser 
Darlehen keine für mehr als 90 Tage ausstehenden Zahlungen; 
(e) 
der Betrag des jeweiligen in die Deckungsmasse aufgenommenen Hypothekendarlehens ist mit 
einem Beleihungsauslauf (LTV) von 100 % gedeckelt; 
(f) 
die Deckungsmasse der Emittentin enthält keine forderungsbesicherten Wertpapiere; und  
(g) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind weder durch Agrarflächen besichert (soweit diese Gegenstand 
eines separaten Grundpfandrechts sind und keinen funktionellen Bestandteil einer anderen 
beliehenen Immobilie darstellen) noch durch andere nicht zu Bauzwecken ausgewiesene 
Grundstücke. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 10) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
jederzeit ordnungsgemäß Buch zu führen und dafür zu sorgen, dass auch ihre 
Tochterunternehmen ordnungsgemäß Buch führen; 
(c) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und Registrierungen, 
die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik 
erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung 
zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind; 
(d) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(e) 
ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Rechtsvorschriften der Slowakischen Republik (was 
uneingeschränkt das Slowakische Bankengesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und 
wie dies gemäß diesen Rechtsvorschriften für irgendwelche Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
slowakischem Recht erforderlich ist, die Bestandteil der Deckungsmasse sind; 
(f) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(g) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (g) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens 
(f) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(h) 
jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(i) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder mehrere 
der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen;  
(b) 
Die Emittentin versäumt es, irgendwelche weiteren Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen einzuhalten 
oder zu erfüllen, und dieser Verzug besteht unbehoben für 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertage ab 
dem 
Tag 
fort, 
an 
dem 
der 
Emittentin 
eine 
Mitteilung 
seitens 
des 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers zugestellt wurde, in der sie aufgefordert wird, Abhilfe zu 
schaffen (mit Ausnahme derjenigen Fälle, in denen der Verzug wegen seiner Wesensart nicht 
behoben werden kann, und in denen deshalb weder Fortbestand noch Aufforderung zur Abhilfe 
erforderlich sind, um den Kündigungsgrund zu begründen); 
(c) 
Für die Zwecke des vorstehenden Buchstabens (b) sind unter Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen 
jegliche 
wesentliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und gemäß Sonderaufsichtsvertrag zu verstehen. Zur 
Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest für die Zwecke des 
vorstehenden Buchstabens (b) würde keinen Verstoß gegen Wesentliche Verpflichtungen 
darstellen; oder  
(d) 
Die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten 
nicht. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. 
Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.  
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam.  
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die persönlich 
oder per Einschreiben zuzustellen ist und einen hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen ist. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung 
durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung 
umgehend an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[Internetadresse einfügen]). Jede 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin 
die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 11 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 12 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
§ 13 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 14 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
In Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse enthaltene Hypothekendarlehen nach slowakischem Recht unterliegt 
die Deckungsmasse denjenigen Rechtsvorschriften des Slowakischen Bankengesetzes und anderer 
slowakischer Gesetze, die auf slowakische Hypothekendarlehen anwendbar bzw. für diese relevant sind, 
und genießt den sich aus diesen Vorschriften ergebenden Schutz. 
(4) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, 
München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen nur in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
§ 15 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen)

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) finden auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung. 
Von 
daher 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des 
Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Nachrangigstellung der sich aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Forderungen in einem 
gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahren;  
(e) 
die Umwandlung bzw. der Austausch der Schuldverschreibungen gegen Aktien oder andere 
Wertpapiere oder Obligationen; 
(f) 
Wechsel bzw. Freigabe von Sicherheiten; 
(g) 
Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(h) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben; 
(i) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen; und  
(j) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. 
Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss kann nicht dazu verwendet werden, Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verabschieden ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer Abstimmung [in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung][ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz 
SchVG i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, die zusammen Schuldverschreibungen in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der 
stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 15 Abs. 2 (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf 
solche Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden 
Stimmrechten verbundenen Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Unternehmen der Emittentin. Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz 
(erster Halbsatz) weiter oben beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt ist und bei der bzw. bei dem der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter) 
bestellen, 
der 
dann 
die 
Rechte 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger namens jedes einzelnen Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers ausübt. Jede 
geschäftsfähige natürliche Person oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats, Aufsichtsrats, Vorstands oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist 
oder dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) 
genannten Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
unverzüglich in angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, die er mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen]-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Option II: Emissionsbedingungen für Variable Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die Serie) von nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) (die Schuldverschreibungen der UniCredit 
Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (die Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen:  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (der Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(die 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Die Zinsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. Die 
Zinsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(4) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
[sind Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International 
Central Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs).] [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
(CBF).] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(5) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(6) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs 
eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden 
können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in 
§ 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) entweder als Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem 
Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(6)][(7)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff “Schuldverschreibungen” umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung auch solche zusätzlich begebene Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) [für jede Zinsperiode] bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie nachstehend in § 3 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) zum Zinssatz pro Jahr verzinst. Der 
jeweilige Zinsbetrag wird, vorbehaltlich einer Verschiebung gemäß der Geschäftstagekonvention [Wenn

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
eine Anpassung (wie in § 4 bestimmt) erfolgt einfügen: oder einer Anpassung], gemäß § 4 [(2)][(3)] 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahltag gemäß den Bestimmungen des § 4 (1) zur Zahlung fällig.  
Zinszahltag ist 
 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
für den Zeitraum, in dem die Schuldverschreibungen fest verzinst werden (der Festzinszeitraum), 
jeder [festgelegtes Zinszahlungsdatum einfügen] [eines Jahres] 
und für den Zeitraum, in dem die Schuldverschreibungen variabel verzinst werden (der Variable 
Zinszeitraum): 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
jeder [festen Zinszahltag einfügen] [jedes Jahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag], beginnend mit [ersten 
Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszeiträumen einfügen: 
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen anderweitig festgelegt) [Zahl 
einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen Zinszahltag [sowie der Fälligkeitstag], 
beginnend mit [ersten Zinszahltag einfügen, der in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
 
Bei festen Zinszahltagen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen ohne einen ersten langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen:  
jeder [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag]]  
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinszahltagen mit erstem langen/kurzen Kupon einfügen: 
Der erste Zinszahltag und danach [jeder][der] [feste(n) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] [sowie der Fälligkeitstag].] 
 
[Im Fall von festen Zinsperioden einfügen:  
jeder Tag, der (sofern nicht in diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen anderweitig festgelegt) 
[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen Zinszahltag oder, im Fall des 
ersten Zinszahltags, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt [, sowie der Fälligkeitstag].] 
Zinsperiode ist jeder Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich) und von jedem Zinszahltag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils folgenden Zinszahltag 
(ausschließlich).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
[Im Fall von Bildschirmfeststellung einfügen: 
(2) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz)  
 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
während des Festzinszeitraums ist für jede in den Festzinszeitraum fallende Zinsperiode [festen Zinssatz 
in % pro Jahr einfügen]  
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der Zinsbetrag für die erste 
Zinsperiode 
auf 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
beläuft] 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].] 
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende 
Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben,] 
 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben]  
der Referenzsatz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor],] [Im Falle einer Marge 
einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge].  
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Marge ist [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
Referenzsatz ist  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen außer Constant Maturity Swap (“CMS”) variabel verzinslichen
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Referenzsatz nicht SONIA®, SOFR® oder €STR® ist, 
einfügen: der [[Zahl einfügen]-Monats [Euribor] [Pribor] Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro 
Jahr) für Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des 
Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird]] 
[Im Fall von SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen: der “Sterling Overnight Index Average” (SONIA®) für 
den jeweiligen Londoner Bankarbeitstag, der auf der Bildschirmseite um 9.00 Uhr (Londoner Zeit) am 
relevanten Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode 
gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SONIA® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit dem täglichen SONIA® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
d 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner Bankarbeitstage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen Londoner Bankarbeitstag vom, und

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
einschließlich des, ersten Londoner Bankarbeitstages der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag “i” die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag “i” 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
SONIA®i-pLBD  
bezeichnet für jeden Londoner Bankarbeitstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SONIA® Referenzsatz an dem Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag, der “p” Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
Londoner Bankarbeitstag “i” liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher fünf 
Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der fünf Londoner Bankarbeitstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall von SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die “US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate” (SOFR®) für 
den jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag, die ab 17.00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) am relevanten 
Zinsfeststellungstag auf der Bildschirmseite erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante 
Zinsperiode nach der folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit der täglichen SOFR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
d 
 
 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag vom, 
und einschließlich des, ersten US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstages der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen]; 
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag “i” die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag “i” 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
SOFR®i-pUSBD  
bezeichnet für jeden US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den SOFR® Referenzsatz an dem US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag, der “p” US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem 
jeweiligen US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag “i” liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher fünf US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf US 
Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der fünf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage 
vor einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
[Im Fall €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen: die “Euro short-term rate” (€STR®) für den jeweiligen 
TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag 
entspricht, 
die 
ab 
9.00 
Uhr 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit) 
am 
relevanten

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag erscheint, wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für die relevante Zinsperiode nach der 
folgenden Formel berechnet wird. 
Compounded Daily €STR® bezeichnet den nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berechnenden Renditesatz 
einer Anlage (mit der täglichen €STR® als Referenzsatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] am Zinsfeststellungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet: 
 
d 
 
 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode; 
do 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der TARGET2-Bankarbeitstage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode; 
i 
bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag vom, und 
einschließlich des, ersten TARGET2-Bankarbeitstages der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode wiedergeben; 
p 
 
 
bezeichnet [relevante Definition einfügen].  
ni 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag “i” die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag “i” 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag 
(ausschließlich); 
€STR®i-pTBD  
bezeichnet für jeden TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR® Referenzsatz an dem TARGET2-
Bankarbeitstag, der “p” TARGET2-Bankarbeitstage vor dem jeweiligen 
TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag “i” liegt. 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher fünf 
TARGET2-Bankarbeitstage vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher fünf TARGET2-
Bankarbeitstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der fünf TARGET2-Bankarbeitstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig 
und zahlbar werden).  
[Falls erforderlich wird der ermittelte Prozentsatz auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird.] 
 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden soll, einfügen: 
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem ersten Zinszahltag endet, für die der Referenzsatz 
gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-]- [Zahl einfügen]-
Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-]- [Zahl einfügen]-Monats 
[Pribor] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00 
Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
 
[Im Fall eines letzten kurzen Kupons, bei der eine Interpolation angewandt werden soll, einfügen: :  
(Davon ausgenommen ist die Zinsperiode, die mit dem Fälligkeitstag endet, für die der Referenzsatz 
gebildet wird anhand der linearen Interpolation des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] -[Zahl einfügen]-
Monats [Pribor] Angebotssatz und des [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor-] [Zahl einfügen]-Monats 
[Pribor] Angebotssatz (jeweils ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz pro Jahr) jeweils für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die entsprechende Zinsperiode, der jeweils auf der Bildschirmseite um 11:00

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz 
einfügen: Prager] Zeit am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag angezeigt wird.)]  
 
[Im Fall des Euribor oder des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz 
angezeigt werden, so wird die Berechnungsstelle -jede[r] Referenzbank bitten, ihren Satz, zu dem sie 
führenden Banken im [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-
Zone] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager Interbanken-Markt] gegen 11:00 Uhr, [Im 
Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
Prager] Zeit, am entsprechenden Zinsfeststellungstag Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen Betrags anbieten, zur Verfügung zu stellen. 
Falls mindestens zwei Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, 
ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze (falls 
erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: eintausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,0005] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: einhunderttausendstel 
Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,000005] aufgerundet wird). 
Falls an einem Zinsfeststellungstag nur eine oder keine Referenzbank der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebote zur Verfügung stellt, ist der entsprechende Referenzsatz das arithmetische Mittel (wie oben 
beschrieben gerundet) der Sätze, zu denen Großbanken in [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: 
der Euro-Zone] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prag], die durch die Berechnungsstelle 
nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) ausgewählt wurden, gegen 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall des Euribor als 
Referenzsatz einfügen: Brüsseler Zeit] [Im Fall des Pribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Prager Zeit] an 
diesem Zinsfeststellungstag führenden europäischen Banken Darlehen in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode in Höhe eines repräsentativen Betrags anbieten. 
 
[Im Fall des SONIA® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA®: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of England (der Einlagenzinssatz), 
der bei Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen Londoner Bankarbeitstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der 
Zinsspannen von SONIA® zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA® 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine höchste 
Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn 
es mehr als eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) zum 
Einlagenzinssatz. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich die [Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die Bank 
of England Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von SONIA® oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der SONIA® ersetzen 
soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien zur 
Bestimmung von SONIA® für die Zwecke der Schuldverschreibungen anschließen, so lange wie 
SONIA® nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen 
Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von 
gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
 
[Im Fall des SOFR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR® des letzten US Staatsanleihen

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Bankarbeitstags, an dem der SOFR® auf der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn ein 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für den SOFR® vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder einem Ausschuss festgelegt wurde, 
der vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt 
oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer Federal 
Reserve Bank oder einer anderen zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, 
vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags nach 
dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an 
oder nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® 
Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage 
Bezugnahmen auf New York Bankarbeitstage wären, (iii) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR® Index 
Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
SOFR® 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtage 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
OBFR 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtage wären und weiterhin vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz innerhalb 
eines US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstags nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde 
und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis vorliegt, der Zinssatz für jeden Zinsfeststellungstag an oder 
nach dem SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR® 
Bezugnahmen auf die FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstage 
Verweise auf New York Bankarbeitstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die Bildschirmseite Verweise auf 
die Website der Federal Reserve wären. 
Wobei insofern gilt:  
FOMC Target Rate bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz festgesetzt durch das Federal Open Market 
Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder, wenn das Federal Open Market 
Committee keinen einzelnen Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt 
durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder einen 
Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association die ganztägliche Schließung der 
Abteilungen für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
OBFR bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Zinsfeststellungstag die tägliche Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
hinsichtlich des jenem Zinsfeststellungstag vorangehenden New Yorker Bankarbeitstags, wie von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York als Administrator (oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator) eines 
solchen Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York gegen 17:00 Uhr 
(New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen Zinsfeststellungstag zur Verfügung gestellt wird. 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu 
dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche 
Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR verbietet, wobei sich dieses Verbot u.a. (aber 
keineswegs ausschließlich) auf festverzinsliche Wertpapiere und Derivate erstreckt, insoweit

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
diese öffentliche Erklärung von der International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., als 
“OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis” (OBFR Index Cessation Event) öffentlich anerkannt wurde 
gemäß den von der International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. herausgegebenen 
2006 ISDA Definitions (in der zum Ausgabetag bzw. ggfs. einem anderen, in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen bestimmten Datum geltenden Fassung) (die ISDA-Definitionen). 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag meint in Bezug auf das SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder den 
Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.  
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die ankündigt, dass sie 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) 
die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr 
bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere öffentliche 
Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured Overnight Financing Rate verbietet, wobei 
sich dieses Verbot u.a. (aber keineswegs ausschließlich) auf festverzinsliche Wertpapiere und 
Derivate erstreckt, insoweit diese öffentliche Erklärung von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., als ein “SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis” (SOFR Index 
Cessation Event) im Sinne der ISDA-Definitionen öffentlich anerkannt wurde.] 
 
[Im Fall des €STR® als Referenzsatz einfügen:  
€STR®i ist: (i) der Satz, der zuletzt vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfeststellungstag auf der [Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] veröffentlicht wurde. 
Unbeschadet des vorstehenden Absatzes soll sich [die Berechnungsstelle] [●] für den Fall, dass die 
Europäische Zentralbank Leitlinien (i) zur Bestimmung von €STR® oder (ii) zu einem Satz, der €STR®i 
ersetzen soll, veröffentlicht, in einem Umfang, der vernünftigerweise praktikabel ist, solchen Leitlinien 
zur Bestimmung von €STR®i anschließen, so lange wie €STR®i für die Zwecke der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht von autorisierten Stellen veröffentlicht worden ist.  
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von [der 
Berechnungsstelle] [●] bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfeststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorangegangenen 
Zinsfeststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von 
gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben worden.] 
Zinsfeststellungstag bezeichnet den [zweiten] [ersten] [letzten] [andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [Falls 
der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET2] [Falls der Referenzsatz der 
SONIA® ist, einfügen: Londoner] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag [vor] [Beginn] [Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor oder der €STR® ist, einfügen: TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag 
bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.] 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA® ist, einfügen: [Londoner] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, 
einfügen: US Staatsanleihen] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Falls der Referenzsatz der SONIA®

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
ist, einfügen: London] [Falls der Referenzsatz der SOFR® ist, einfügen: New York] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET2 ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Referenzbanken sind vier Großbanken im [Im Fall des Euribor als Referenzsatz einfügen: Interbanken-
Markt in der Euro-Zone], die von der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) bestimmt werden. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz der Euribor ist, einfügen: Euro-Zone bezeichnet die Staaten und Gebiete, die 
im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die Einführung des Euro, 
in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.] 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] dauerhaft oder für 
eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] zahlungsunfähig wird oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches 
Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, oder (iv) der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte 
(I) bis (IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(i) 
Der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®], die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und für die Dauer 
des [Referenzsatzes] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] bekannt gegeben wird und der in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(ii) 
der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz 
ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz 
für Schuldverschreibungen in der jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet 
wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann);  
(iii) 
der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps 
(fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte 
Zinsfutures mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer 
Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann) 
(iv) 
der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der 
von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die 
Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer 
Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung 
hat), einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung 
der Dauer des [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] und der jeweiligen Währung in 
wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen Marktzinsniveau zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit einem 
solchen Nachfolge- Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge- Referenzsatzes (der maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt 
an als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten 
entsprechend. Die Emittentin informiert anschließend die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 8.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] durch einen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der 
oder die bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden 
soll, mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen vor Eintritt des Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der [Referenzsatz] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] nicht wie 
oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
den 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 8 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die 
unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische 
Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: 
Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so 
dass er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)] []. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
 
[Im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
der [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz pro Jahr), der auf der Bildschirmseite zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.  
Bildschirmseite ist [maßgebliche Bildschirmseite einfügen] (oder eine diese Seite ersetzende Seite). 
Sollte jeweils zur genannten Zeit die Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein [relevante 
Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres Constant Maturity Swap Satz angezeigt werden, so wird die 
Berechnungsstelle die Referenzbanken bitten, ihre [relevante Anzahl von Jahren einfügen]-Jahres-CMS-
Sätze ungefähr zur Referenzsatzzeit am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag bereitzustellen. 
Falls [Anzahl einfügen] Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebote zur Verfügung stellen, 
ist der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze (falls 
erforderlich, gerundet auf den nächsten einhunderttausendstel Prozentpunkt, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird), wobei das höchste (oder, bei mehreren höchsten, eines davon) und das niedrigste 
(oder, bei mehreren niedrigsten, eines davon) Angebot gestrichen werden. 
Referenzsatzzeit ist [Referenzsatzzeit einfügen]. 
Referenzbanken sind fünf führende Swaphändler im Interbanken-Markt, die von der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen bestimmt werden (§ 315 BGB). 
Zinsfeststellungstag ist der [zweite] [erste] [letzte] [andere Anzahl einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag [vor dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankarbeitstagen: [Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET2 ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Wenn (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzsatz nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft 
oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, (iii) der Administrator des Referenzsatzes zahlungsunfähig wird 
oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator 
betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, 
oder (iv) der Referenzsatz anderweitig eingestellt ist (jeweils ein Einstellungsereignis), soll der 
Referenzsatz durch einen von der Emittentin festgelegten Zinssatz durch Anwendung der Schritte (I) bis 
(IV) (in dieser Reihenfolge) folgendermaßen ersetzt werden (Nachfolge-Referenzsatz):  
(i) 
Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der durch den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolge- Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer des Referenzsatzes bekannt 
gegeben wird und der in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf; oder 
(wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann);  
(ii) 
der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise 
(in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der 
jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; 
oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden kann);  
(iii) 
der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps (fest-zu-variabel 
verzinslich) in der relevanten Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird; oder (falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann) 
(iv) 
der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Zinssatz ersetzt werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die 
Zwecke einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung 
eines renommierten, unabhängigen Finanzberaters oder einer Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, einzuholen und auf diese zu 
vertrauen) nach billigem Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des Referenzsatzes und 
der jeweiligen Währung in wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau zum relevanten Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland festgelegt wird. 
Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit einem 
solchen Nachfolge- Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite). Ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung des Nachfolge- Referenzsatzes (der maßgebliche Zeitpunkt) gilt jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge- Referenzsatz und jede 
Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als Bezugnahme auf 
die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die 
Emittentin informiert anschließend die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gemäß § 8.  
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die 
Emittentin einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung 
des Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet werden soll, mit dem Ziel ein 
Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der Schuldverschreibungen vor Eintritt des 
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber 
auswirkt. 
Wenn ein Einstellungsereignis eintritt und der Referenzsatz nicht wie oben beschrieben gemäß der 
Punkte (I) bis (IV) durch die Emittentin ersetzt werden kann, kann die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen ganz [oder teilweise] zurückzahlen. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
entsprechend der Vorschriften des § 4 zum Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen mit etwaigen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufenen Zinsen. Die Emittentin wird den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern 
gemäß § 8 eine solche Kündigung mitteilen. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, gilt als Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis bis zum Rückzahlungstag [der für die 
unmittelbar vorausgehende Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz][der Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische 
Mittel der Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfeststellungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des Referenzsatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: 
Nimmt der ermittelte Angebotssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so 
dass er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null)] []. Sofern sich die 
Emittentin nicht für die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen entscheidet, findet derselbe Zinssatz 
ab dem ersten Zinszahltag nach dem Einstellungsereignis Anwendung.] 
 
[Im Fall von ISDA Determination einfügen: 
(3) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz)  
 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
ist während des Festzinszeitraums für jede Zinsperiode in dem Festzinszeitraum [Festzinssatz in % pro 
Jahr einfügen]. 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen/langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der Zinsbetrag für die erste 
Zinsperiode 
auf 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
je 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
beläuft] 
[[Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag beläuft].]  
Der Zinssatz während des Variablen Zinszeitraums ist für jede in den Variablen Zinszeitraum fallende 
Zinsperiode, soweit nicht nachstehend anders angegeben,] 
 
[Im Fall von anderen als fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
für jede Zinsperiode ist, soweit nicht nachstehend anders beschrieben] 
der maßgebliche ISDA-Satz [Im Falle eines Faktor einfügen: multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]], [Im 
Falle einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
[Die Marge beträgt [Prozentsatz einfügen in % pro Jahr].] 
ISDA-Satz bezeichnet für eine Zinsperiode einen Satz, der dem variablen Zinssatz entspricht, der vom 
Calculation Agent im Rahmen einer Zinsswap-Transaktion bestimmt werden würde, wenn der 
Calculation Agent für diese Swap-Transaktion als Berechnungsstelle handeln würde, und zwar gemäß 
den Bestimmungen einer Vereinbarung, die die ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Derivative Definitions 
von 2006 in der zum Ausgabetag geltenden, aktualisierten und von der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. auf deren Website unter www.isda.org (oder einer Nachfolgewebsite) 
veröffentlichten Fassung (die ISDA Definitionen) zum Vertragsbestandteil erklärt, und gemäß der:  
(a) 
die Variable Zinssatz-Option entspricht [Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen], 
(b) 
die bezeichnete Laufzeit eine Periode [Periode von/bis einfügen] ist, und  
(c) 
das relevante Reset-Datum [Wenn die anwendbare Variable Zinssatz-Option auf dem Euro-
Zone Interbanken Angebotssatz (“Euribor”) oder dem Prager Interbanken Angebotssatz 
(“Pribor”) für eine Währung basiert: der erste Tag dieser Zinsperiode ist] [Wenn die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinssatz-Option für eine Währung nicht auf dem Euribor dem Pribor 
beruht, einfügen: [maßgebliches Datum einfügen]]. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes (2) haben (i) Variabler Zinssatz (Floating Rate), 
Berechnungsstelle (Calculation Agent), Variable Zinssatz-Option (Floating Rate Option), 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit (Designated Maturity) und Reset-Datum (Reset Date) dieselbe Bedeutung, die 
diesen Begriffen in den ISDA Definitionen beigemessen wird, und (ii) bezeichnet Euro-Zone die Staaten 
und Gebiete, die im Anhang der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 974/98 des Rates vom 3. Mai 1998 über die 
Einführung des Euro, in ihrer jeweils aktuellen Fassung, aufgeführt sind.]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatzes einfügen: (3) 
 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes einfügen:] 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen].] 
 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes einfügen:] 
[Wenn der für eine Zinsperiode in Übereinstimmung mit den obigen Bestimmungen ermittelte Zinssatz 
höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz 
einfügen].]] 
[(3)][(4)] 
Der Zinsbetrag (der Zinsbetrag) wird von der Berechnungsstelle berechnet, indem das Produkt 
aus Zinssatz und Zinstagequotient mit [der Festgelegten Stückelung] [dem Gesamtnennbetrag] multipliziert wird. 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
[(4)][(5)] 
Kommt es im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] zu einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen über den Fälligkeitstag hinaus, so werden die Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum relevanten, auf den Fälligkeitstag folgenden Zinszahltag, an dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden, oder bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
verzinst, und zwar jeweils ausschließlich und je nachdem, welcher dieser beiden Tage eher eintritt, mit 
der Maßgabe von § 2 Abs. 1. In einem solchen Fall sind für diese Schuldverschreibungen Zinsen zu 
einem Satz zu zahlen, der sich nach § 2 [(5)][(6)] bemisst; diese Zinsen laufen rückwirkend am 
Zinszahltag in jedem Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag auf den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf, und zwar bezüglich der Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar vor dem relevanten 
Zinszahltag endet. Der letzte Zinszahltag fällt spätestens auf den Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag.  
[(5)][(6)] 
Wird die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] über den 
Fälligkeitstag hinaus verlängert, so beträgt der Zinssatz für die Zinsen, die von Zeit zu Zeit bezüglich 
des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen am jeweiligen Zinszahltag nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag für die Zinsperiode zu zahlen sind, die unmittelbar vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag endet, 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] und wird, falls anwendbar, von der Hauptzahlstelle zwei Bankarbeitstage nach 
dem Fälligkeitstag bezüglich der ersten solchen Zinsperiode bestimmt und danach [Zinszahltag(e) 
einfügen] [eines jeden Monats / anderes angeben] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
[(6)][(7)] 
§ 2 [(4)][(5)] bis § 2 [(6)][(7)] finden nur Anwendung, falls die Emittentin es versäumt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Fälligkeitstag (bzw. innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag) (vollständig) zurückzuzahlen, woraufhin die Fälligkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
automatisch im Einklang mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag verlängert wird.] 
[(7)][(8)] 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, jeder Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, jede Zinsperiode und der entsprechende Zinszahltag der Emittentin, der Hauptzahlstelle und 
jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt zugelassen sind oder gehandelt 
werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an diese Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach ihrer 
Feststellung aber keinesfalls später als am [vierten][Anzahl Tage einfügen] auf die Berechnung folgenden 
Bankarbeitstag mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können 
nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) der Berechnungsstelle der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahltag 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche 
Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
zugelassen sind oder gehandelt werden, sowie den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gemäß § 8 
mitgeteilt.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln. 
[(8)][(9)] 
Zinstagequotient ist  
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
bei der Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum 
[Im Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (der Berechnungszeitraum): 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der gleich oder kürzer ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Berechnungszeitraum fällt, einfügen:  
die Anzahl der Tage in dem Berechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Zinsperiode, in die der Berechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden.] 
 
[Im Fall eines Berechnungszeitraums, der länger ist als eine Zinsperiode einfügen:] 
die Summe: 
(a) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher 
der Berechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr; und 
(b) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Berechnungszeitraum, die in die darauffolgende Zinsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl von Zinsperioden in einem Jahr.] 
 
[Im Fall eines kurzen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] als 
ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden.]  
[Im Fall eines langen ersten oder letzten Berechnungszeitraumes einfügen:  
Für die Zwecke der Feststellung der jeweiligen Zinsperiode soll der [Fiktiven Zinszahltag einfügen] 
jeweils als ein Zinszahltag angesehen werden].] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird. (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäße ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und 
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und D1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 
ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 (deutsche Zinsmethode) einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages des Berechnungszeitraums (es sei denn, der 
letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums, der am Fälligkeitstag endet, ist der letzte Tag im Monat Februar, 
in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gemäß ISDA 2006 einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist.]] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 (ISDA) (nur, wenn ISDA 2006 Definitionen anwendbar sein sollen (deutsche 
Zinsmethode)) einfügen: 
in Bezug auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für jeden Zeitraum [Im 
Fall von fest zu variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: innerhalb des 
[Festzinszeitraums] [und des] [Variablen Zinszeitraums]] (den Berechnungszeitraum): 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
Zinstagequotient = 
 
Wobei: 
Y1 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Y2 ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
M1 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des Berechnungszeitraums fällt; 
M2 ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
D1 ist der erste Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag 
ist der letzte Tag des Februars, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und  
D2 ist der Kalendertag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraums 
unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, (i) dieser Tag ist der letzte Tag des Februars, jedoch nicht der 
Fälligkeitstag, oder (ii) diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 gleich 30 ist,  
jedoch in jedem solchen Fall unter dem Vorbehalt, dass die Anzahl der Tage des 
Berechnungszeitraumes vom ersten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (einschließlich) bis 
zum letzten Tag des Berechnungszeitraumes (ausschließlich) berechnet wird.] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option), 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag)] 
[(1)]  
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden am [Falls ein Fälligkeitstag angegeben ist, einfügen: [Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen]] [Falls ein Fälligkeitsmonat angegeben ist, einfügen: der Zinszahltag, der im [Monat einfügen] [Jahr 
einfügen] liegt] (der Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe der [Festgelegten Stückelung] [des Gesamtnennbetrags] (der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig [falls ein Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag anwendbar ist, einfügen:, 
vorbehaltlich einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum [Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag) gemäß der Regelung in § 3 Abs. [3][4][5]. 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin zu einem beliebigen Zinszahltag 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle 
und gemäß § 10 an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] 
Tage und höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, 
falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet geworden ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, 
und zwar infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb 
einer Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung 
oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die 
Ausgabe der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 Abs. 2 erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; 
auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu 
überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]  
[(2)][(3)] 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin zu jedem beliebigen Zinszahltag 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle 
und gemäß § 10 an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] 
Tage und höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls 
es für die Emittentin vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag irgendeiner Schuldverschreibung gesetzwidrig 
geworden ist oder gesetzwidrig wird, weiterhin Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung 
bezüglich der Anwendung oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die 
Änderung bzw. Neufassung vor dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] ankündigt, wird sie der 
Hauptzahlstelle (zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an 
der von ihr benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung 
berechtigt ist, unter Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und 
kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] 
erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht 
verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt 
der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) 
mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.  
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)][(4)] 
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig 
[oder 
teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
mindestens 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis zum 
Kündigungstermin anfallen, gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Schuldverschreibung] 
[der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
 
[Im Fall eines auf die Schuldverschreibungen anzuwendenden Verlängerten Fälligkeitstags einfügen: 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
Falls die Emittentin es versäumt, alle diese Schuldverschreibungen vollständig zum 
Fälligkeitstag (oder innerhalb von zwei Bankarbeitstagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag) zurückzuzahlen, wird

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen und wird das Datum, zu dem diese Schuldverschreibungen für 
die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen zur Rückzahlung anstehen. automatisch bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) verlängert. In einem solchen Fall ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Zinszahltag 
zurückzuzahlen, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag fällt, und zwar bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich). 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
Die Emittentin hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern (im Einklang mit § 10) und der 
Hauptzahlstelle mindestens fünf Bankarbeitstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag oder dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
mitzuteilen, ob sie beabsichtigt, den ausstehenden Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen ganz oder 
teilweise vollständig zurückzuzahlen. Unterlässt es die Emittentin, die jeweilige Person solcherart zu 
verständigen, so hat dies keine Auswirkungen auf die Gültigkeit und Wirksamkeit der etwaigen 
Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag. Die 
Hauptzahlstelle wird das Clearingsystem von der Mitteilung seitens der Emittentin (falls zutreffend) 
unverzüglich nach Erhalt (und jedenfalls innerhalb von mindestens drei Bankarbeitstagen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen) verständigen. Zur Klarstellung: Falls die Hauptzahlstelle 
keine Mitteilung von der Emittentin gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [4][5][6] erhalten hat, soll sich die 
Hauptzahlstelle darum bemühen, das Clearingsystem von dem Umstand zu informieren, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen nicht zum Fälligkeitstag bzw. dem jeweiligen Zinszahltag 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
[(5)][(6)][(7)] 
Eine einmal erfolgte Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 Abs. 
[3][4][5] ist unwiderruflich. Soweit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] anwendbar ist, stellt ein Versäumnis der 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen am Fälligkeitstag (es sei denn, die Emittentin hat im Einklang 
mit § 3 Abs. [3][4][5][6] die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen angezeigt) oder eine Verlängerung 
der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] 
keinen 
Kündigungsgrund 
für 
welche 
Zwecke 
auch 
immer 
dar, 
und 
gibt 
keinem 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger das Recht, eine Zinszahlung, Kapital oder andere Zahlungen auf die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu erhalten, es sei denn, solche Zahlungen sind ausdrücklich in 
diesen Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vorgesehen.  
[(6)][(7)][(8)] 
Bei einer Verlängerung der Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] 
werden Zinssätze, Zinsperioden und Zinszahltage betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) im Einklang mit § 2 
Abs. [4][5] bis § 2 Abs. [6][7] und [andere angeben] bestimmt. 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] 
Wenn die Emittentin einen Teil und nicht den gesamten Betrag des ausstehenden Nennbetrags 
der Schuldverschreibungen an einem Zinszahltag, der in einen beliebigen Monat nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
fällt, zurückzahlt, werden die Rückzahlungserlöse anteilig über die Schuldverschreibungen verteilt und 
der auf die Schuldverschreibungen ausstehende Nennbetrag wird um die Höhe dieser Rückzahlung 
reduziert. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] 
Solange eine dieser Schuldverschreibungen noch in Umlauf ist, wird die Emittentin keine 
weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, es sei denn, die Erlöse aus der Emission solcher 
weiteren Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen werden von der Emittentin bei der Begebung dazu 
verwendet, 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen vollständig oder teilweise zu tilgen.  
[(9)][(10)][(11] § 3 Abs. [3][4][5] bis § 3 Abs. [9][10][11] finden nur auf Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung, 
wenn die Emittentin es versäumt, diese Schuldverschreibungen vollumfänglich am Fälligkeitstag (bzw. innerhalb 
von zwei Bankarbeitstagen danach) zurückzuzahlen.] 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Zinsbetrag an jedem Zinszahltag zu zahlen und 
(b) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen[.] [oder]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(c) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin einschließlich aller Zinsen, die bis 
zum Kündigungstermin anfallen, zu zahlen.] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. [2][3] einfügen: 
(d) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. [2][3] bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu 
zahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen [.] [oder]] 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. 3 einfügen: 
(e) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. 3 bestimmten Tag der Rückzahlung zu zahlen 
einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen Zinsen[.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] des Zinsbetrags / der Zinsbeträge[,][und] [des Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am 
jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]” multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] am 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit der Konvention für Bankarbeitstage. 
[Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet [TARGET2] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrages/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrages] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (der Ersatz-
Fixing Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge [und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, 
wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der 
Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede 
Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen Wechselkurses (der Ersatz-Wechselkurs) 
bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und 
veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung 
des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-
Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder 
aus der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung 
findet, oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar 
machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen 
Ausführung ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen (der 
Zahltag) auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag.] 
 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
[Im Fall der Floating Rate Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
(i) wird ein Zinszahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder 
nachfolgende Zinszahltag der jeweils letzte Bankarbeitstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] Monate] 
[andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorhergehenden anwendbaren Zinszahltag liegt.] 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf 
Grund einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] [verschoben wird], 
werden ein solcher Zahltag und der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET2 ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen9 verzinst. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
werden, erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 
definiert) durch die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle) 
                                                     
9  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die Zahlstellen) 
ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß 
§ 10 mitzuteilen. 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
(2) 
Die Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom [andere Person, die als Berechnungsstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen] ist die 
Berechnungsstelle (die Berechnungsstelle). 
(3) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle oder die Berechnungsstelle 
[oder eine zusätzliche Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle 
[oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von 
internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle], bzw. eine andere Person oder 
Institution mit der nötigen Sachkenntnis als Berechnungsstelle zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der 
Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle oder Berechnungsstelle [oder zusätzliche Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin 
unverzüglich gemäß § 10 mitzuteilen. 
(4) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle [handelt][handeln] im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, 
[übernimmt][übernehmen] keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern und 
stehen in keinem Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die 
Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle [ist] [sind] von den Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
(5) 
Falls es sich nicht um einen offensichtlichen Fehler handelt, sind Entscheidungen der Berechnungsstelle 
endgültig und für die Emittentin sowie die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(1) 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden nur nach Abzug und Einbehalt gegenwärtiger oder 
zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder staatlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die unter jedwedem 
anwendbaren Rechtssystem oder in jedwedem Land, das die Steuerhoheit beansprucht, von oder im 
Namen einer Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde des Landes, die zur Steuererhebung ermächtigt ist, 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden (die Steuern) geleistet, soweit ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Die Emittentin hat gegenüber den zuständigen 
Regierungsbehörden Rechenschaft über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern abzulegen.] 
 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen seitens bzw. 
namens der Emittentin erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug jeglicher gegenwärtiger oder künftiger 
Steuern oder Abgaben welcher Art auch immer, die seitens bzw. namens der Steuerjurisdiktion erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt bzw. Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
letzterem Fall wird die Emittentin die notwendigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, um zu gewährleisten, 
dass die von den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen erhaltenen Nettobeträge nach einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug den jeweiligen Beträgen von Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen ohne einen

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen zustehen würden, mit der 
Ausnahme, dass keine solchen zusätzlichen Beträge für Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Inhaber für solche Steuern oder Abgaben in Bezug auf diese Schuldverschreibung 
aufgrund seiner (über die bloße Inhaberschaft der Schuldverschreibung hinausgehenden) 
Verbindung mit der Steuerjurisdiktion haftbar ist; oder 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, außer in dem Umfang, in dem der Inhaber Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen 
Betrag gehabt hätte, wenn er die Schuldverschreibung an diesem dreißigsten Tag zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 Abs. [2][3] definiert) 
gewesen. 
(3) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code, irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, deren 
offizieller Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Zusammenarbeit in diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz 
zur Umsetzung oder in Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird.  
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die Tschechische Republik oder eine Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auf deren Gebiet mit der Befugnis zur Erhebung von Steuern; und  
Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den Tag, an dem die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, es sei denn, 
der volle zu zahlende Betrag ist an bzw. vor diesem Fälligkeitstag nicht bei der Hauptzahlstelle 
eingegangen, 
in 
welchem 
Fall 
das 
Relevante 
Datum 
der 
Tag 
ist, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ordnungsgemäß in Übereinstimmung mit § 10 davon verständigt 
wurden, dass der volle zu zahlende Betrag erhalten wurde.] 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 14 handelt es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
begebene, 
mit 
Hypotheken 
gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus den von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben.  
(3) 
[Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich um sog. “CRR-kompatible” Schuldverschreibungen, die 
den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
denen ausschließlich die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den 
Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen.]  
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
der ausstehende Nennwert des Hypothekendarlehens; und  
(ii) 
der Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehens; 
(b) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition: deren ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(c) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert; und  
(d) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht. 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 4. Juni 2020 zwischen der 
Emittentin als Emittent und Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als Sonderaufseher (der Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bezeichnet bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Handelsbanken und Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder TARGET2 für Zahlungen oder 
Wechselgeschäfte mit dem Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
vor dem Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jährlich jedes Datum 
seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, 
das zumindest einen Kalendermonat nach solchem ersten Eintreten folgt. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Barforderungen der Emittentin gemäß Abschnitt 31(2)(d) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden 
Angepassten Werte für alle Deckungsaktiva, wobei der Angepasste Wert: 
(a) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls es sich beim 
Hypothekendarlehen um ein Notleidendes Darlehen handelt; 
(b) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das Hypothekendarlehen 
nicht die in § 30 Abs. 1 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes aufgeführten 
Bedingungen erfüllt;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(c) 
für das einzelne CRR-Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das CRR-
Hypothekendarlehen nicht die anwendbaren Anforderungen der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung 
(CRR) erfüllt; und  
(d) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das Hypothekendarlehen im 
Sinne des Art. 178 der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) überfällig ist, 
wobei nicht auf tschechischen Kronen (koruna) lautende Deckungsaktiva zum Maßgeblichen 
Wechselkurs in den Gegenwert in tschechischen Kronen umgerechnet werden. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien genügen (soweit auf die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar). 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen festgelegt sind, und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken 
sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren 
Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung). 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß § 
31 Abs. 2 a) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., über 
die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese tschechischem 
oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie im Rahmen des Programms (als 
die 
hierin 
definierten 
Schuldverschreibungen), 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
Lokalen 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms, im Rahmen eines von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden 
Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. sowie weitere 
von Zeit zu Zeit im Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf 
fortlaufender Basis ernannte Dealer (zusammen die Dealer).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neugefasste Dealer Agreement vom 24. Juni 2021 
zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent, UniCredit Bank AG als Arrangeur und Dealer, und UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. als Dealer. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein beliebiges zur Deckungsmasse gehörendes Hypothekendarlehen, 
das mehr als 90 Tage in Verzug ist. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der Verordnung 
(EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale Gegenparteien 
und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der MiFID II-
Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen gemäß § 31 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den 30. Juni 2020; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm 
begibt; 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den geänderten und neugefassten Vertrag über die 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 24. Juni 2021 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
als der Hauptzahlstelle. 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm bezeichnet das (dritte, ruhende) CZK 100.000.000.000 
Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin für die Begebung von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten 
Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den Anforderungen 
von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung genügen (und somit die Definition der Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllen) sowie (ii) anderen gemäß tschechischem Recht im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, sodann das (zweite, ruhende) CZK 
20.000.000.000 Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin mit ausstehenden mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den 
Anforderungen von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und 
der 
Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung 
genügen 
(und 
somit 
die 
Definition 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllen), und schließlich ein ruhendes EUR 5.000.000.000 Programm für 
Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin, vertreten durch ihre Niederlassung in der Slowakei, für die Begebung 
von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypotekárne záložné listy) gemäß 
slowakischem Recht, die den Anforderungen von §§ 14 ff. des slowakischen Gesetzes Nr. 530/1990 Slg., 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(Slowakisches 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) genügen sowie (ii) anderen gemäß slowakischem Recht im Einklang mit 
dem Slowakischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ist, den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die in der Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz und die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen eine Immobilie, die 
alle relevanten Voraussetzungen gemäß §§ 29 und 30 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
erfüllt und die zur Besicherung des Hypothekendarlehens verpfändet ist.  
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem anzuwendenden Recht (einschl. § 29 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und einschl. des Tschechischen Vermögensbewertungsgesetzes) und mit 
den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde. 
Soweit die einschlägigen Rechtsvorschriften nicht anders vorsehen, wird der Wert der Beliehenen 
Immobilie so berechnet, dass (i) der ermittelte Betrag, falls er auf eine andere Währung als die 
tschechische Krone (koruna) lautet, zum Maßgeblichen Wechselkurs umgerechnet wird, und (ii) der auf 
tschechische Kronen lautende ermittelte Betrag zum jeweiligen Betrag in tschechischen Kronen 
angesetzt wird. 
Nennwert bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden Hauptforderungen sowie aufgelaufener und 
ausstehender Zinsen in Bezug auf die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, Hypothekendarlehen oder 
andere Schulden oder Sicherheiten, wobei der Nennwert so zu berechnen ist, dass (i) Beträge in einer 
anderen Währung als der tschechischen Krone (koruna) zum Maßgeblichen Wechselkurs umgerechnet

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
werden, und (ii) auf tschechische Kronen lautende Beträge zum jeweiligen Betrag in tschechischen 
Kronen angesetzt werden. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen zusammen mit allen 
in § 31 Abs. 2 (b) und (c) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 164/2014 Slg. der CNB vom 30. Juli 2014 
(Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) über die Umsetzung einiger 
Bestimmungen des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, wie durch die CNB-Verordnung 
ersetzt. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 7.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt. 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in tschechischen 
Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für die Umrechnung 
der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Bankarbeitstag bereitstellt, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für die 
relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Bankarbeitstag, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das slowakische Gesetz Nr. 483/2001 Slg., über Banken, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz für die Emittentin 
vorgeschriebenen Tests (einschließlich der in Abschnitt 28a Abs. 1, 2 und 3 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests). 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der 
CNB-Verordnung (und insbesondere in Abschnitt 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes) 
enthaltenen gesetzlichen Kriterien, nach denen entschieden wird, welche Deckungsaktiva Bestandteil der 
Deckungsmasse sein können. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (der Ersten Person) zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (die Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden bzw. 
beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis zur 
Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, oder 
anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement; und 
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, ergänzten, 
erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.  
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse 
mindestens 
110 
% 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennwerts 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt (der Vertragliche Deckungstest). 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen 
ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Schuldverschreibungen abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien erfüllt (zusammen die 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien): 
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem oder slowakischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine erfasste Immobilie gemäß Auszug aus dem Tschechischen 
Grundbuch (“Immobilienkataster” – katastr nemovitostí) oder dem entsprechenden 
Immobilienverzeichnis einer maßgeblichen Jurisdiktion; 
(c) 
die Hypothekendarlehen wurden an eine oder mehrere natürliche Personen bzw. eine oder 
mehrere juristische Personen vergeben;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
(d) 
die Hypothekendarlehen werden ordnungsgemäß bedient, und es bestehen bezüglich dieser 
Darlehen keine für mehr als 90 Tage ausstehenden Zahlungen; 
(e) 
der Betrag des jeweiligen in die Deckungsmasse aufgenommenen Hypothekendarlehens ist mit 
einem Beleihungsauslauf (LTV) von 100 % gedeckelt; 
(f) 
die Deckungsmasse der Emittentin enthält keine forderungsbesicherten Wertpapiere; und  
(g) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind weder durch Agrarflächen besichert (soweit diese Gegenstand 
eines separaten Grundpfandrechts sind und keinen funktionellen Bestandteil einer anderen 
beliehenen Immobilie darstellen) noch durch andere nicht zu Bauzwecken ausgewiesene 
Grundstücke. 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 10) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
jederzeit ordnungsgemäß Buch zu führen und dafür zu sorgen, dass auch ihre 
Tochterunternehmen ordnungsgemäß Buch führen; 
(c) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und Registrierungen, 
die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik 
erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung 
zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind; 
(d) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(e) 
ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Rechtsvorschriften der Slowakischen Republik (was 
uneingeschränkt das Slowakische Bankengesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und 
wie dies gemäß diesen Rechtsvorschriften für irgendwelche Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
slowakischem Recht erforderlich ist, die Bestandteil der Deckungsmasse sind; 
(f) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(g) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (g) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens 
(f) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(h) 
jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden; 
(i) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines oder mehrere 
der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen;  
(b) 
Die Emittentin versäumt es, irgendwelche weiteren Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen einzuhalten 
oder zu erfüllen, und dieser Verzug besteht unbehoben für 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertage ab 
dem 
Tag 
fort, 
an 
dem 
der 
Emittentin 
eine 
Mitteilung 
seitens 
des 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers zugestellt wurde, in der sie aufgefordert wird, Abhilfe zu 
schaffen (mit Ausnahme derjenigen Fälle, in denen der Verzug wegen seiner Wesensart nicht 
behoben werden kann, und in denen deshalb weder Fortbestand noch Aufforderung zur Abhilfe 
erforderlich sind, um den Kündigungsgrund zu begründen); 
(c) 
Für die Zwecke des vorstehenden Buchstabens (b) sind unter Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen 
jegliche 
wesentliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und gemäß Sonderaufsichtsvertrag zu verstehen. Zur 
Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest für die Zwecke des 
vorstehenden Buchstabens (b) würde keinen Verstoß gegen Wesentliche Verpflichtungen 
darstellen; oder  
(d) 
Die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten 
nicht. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. 
Allerdings darf die Emittentin solange dieser Verstoß fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.  
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die persönlich 
oder per Einschreiben zuzustellen ist und einen hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen ist. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung 
durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung 
umgehend an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[Internetadresse einfügen]). Jede 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin 
die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]  
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
 
§ 11 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 12 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 13 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 14 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
In Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse enthaltene Hypothekendarlehen nach slowakischem Recht unterliegt 
die Deckungsmasse denjenigen Rechtsvorschriften des Slowakischen Bankengesetzes und anderer

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
slowakischer Gesetze, die auf slowakische Hypothekendarlehen anwendbar bzw. für diese relevant sind, 
und genießt den sich aus diesen Vorschriften ergebenden Schutz. 
(4) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, 
München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen nur in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
§ 15 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) finden auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung. 
Von 
daher 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des 
Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Nachrangigstellung der sich aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Forderungen in einem 
gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahren;  
(e) 
die Umwandlung bzw. der Austausch der Schuldverschreibungen gegen Aktien oder andere 
Wertpapiere oder Obligationen; 
(f) 
Wechsel bzw. Freigabe von Sicherheiten; 
(g) 
Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(h) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben; 
(i) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen; und

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(j) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
kann 
nicht 
dazu 
verwendet 
werden, 
irgendwelchen 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern eine Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten 
aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verabschieden ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer Abstimmung [in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung][ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz 
SchVG i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, die zusammen Schuldverschreibungen in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der 
stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 15 Abs. 2 (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf 
solche Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden 
Stimmrechten verbundenen Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen 
Unternehmen der Emittentin. Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz 
(erster Halbsatz) weiter oben beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt ist und bei der bzw. bei dem der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(8) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter) 
bestellen, 
der 
dann 
die 
Rechte 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger namens jedes einzelnen Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers ausübt. Jede 
geschäftsfähige natürliche Person oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats, Aufsichtsrats, Vorstands oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist 
oder dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält; 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) 
genannten Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
unverzüglich in angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, derer er sich mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen]-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Option III: Emissionsbedingungen für Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen  
§ 1 
(Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen) 
(1) 
Diese Tranche der Serie (die Serie) von nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) (die Schuldverschreibungen)) der 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (die Emittentin) wird am [Ausgabetag einfügen] (der 
Ausgabetag) 
in 
Form 
von 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) in [Festgelegte Währung 
einfügen] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (der 
Gesamtnennbetrag) in einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die gegen eine Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wird, 
einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag (der Austauschtag) nach dem Ausgabetag nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen, wonach der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Person(en) ist bzw. sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten) 
(die 
Bescheinigungen 
über 
Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum), 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und, zusammen mit der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden und 
einzeln jeweils eine Globalurkunde) ausgetauscht. [Falls Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem bestimmt sind, gilt Folgendes: Die Details eines solchen Austausches werden in den 
Büchern der ICSDs (wie nachfolgend definiert) geführt.]  
Die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch 
auf Ausgabe von Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als 
Miteigentumsanteile an der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems 
übertragbar. Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft. 
U.S.-Personen sind solche, wie sie in Regulation S des United States Securities Act of 1933 definiert 
sind und umfassen insbesondere Gebietsansässige der Vereinigten Staaten sowie amerikanische Kapital- 
und Personengesellschaften.] 
Jede Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften von zwei berechtigten 
Vertretern der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift eines Kontrollbeauftragten der 
Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert).] 
 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde ab dem Ausgabetag, einfügen: 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind in einer Dauerglobalurkunde ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder die Globalurkunde), die die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten 
Unterschriften von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines Kontrollbeauftragten der Hauptzahlstelle (wie nachstehend in § 5 definiert) trägt. Die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger) haben keinen Anspruch auf Ausgabe von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiver Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind als Miteigentumsanteile an 
der Globalurkunde nach den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des Clearingsystems übertragbar. 
Zahlungsansprüche sind durch die Globalurkunde verbrieft.] 
(4) 
Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt. Clearingsystem 
sind Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxemburg (Clearstream, Luxemburg) und Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear)[(Clearstream, Luxemburg und Euroclear sind jeweils ein ICSD (International

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Central Securities Depository) und gemeinsam die ICSDs).]. [ist Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
(CBF).] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde keine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(5) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Classical Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg und wenn die Vorläufige Globalurkunde oder die 
Dauerglobalurkunde eine New Global Note ist, einfügen: 
(6) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in New Global Note Form ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (Common Safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Büchern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Bücher der ICSDs (die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt der Bücher des jeweiligen ICSD. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen werden die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde anteilig in die Bücher der ICSDs eingetragen und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines optionalen 
Kündigungsrechts teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, einfügen: Für das technische Verfahren der 
ICSDs im Fall der optionalen Rückzahlung (wie in § 3 definiert) hinsichtlich einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung wird der ausstehende Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) entweder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags oder als Poolfaktor nach billigem Ermessen der ICSDs gemäß § 317 BGB 
in die Bücher der ICSDs aufgenommen.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
Die Emittentin darf ohne Zustimmung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung in der Weise begeben, dass sie mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammengefasst werden, mit ihnen eine einheitliche Serie bilden und den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen erhöhen. Der Begriff “Schuldverschreibungen ” umfasst im Fall einer solchen Erhöhung 
auch solche zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
§ 2 
(Verzinsung) 
(1) 
Während ihrer Laufzeit erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[Im Fall der Abhängigkeit des, auf den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[und den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] anfallenden, Verzugszinses von der Emissionsrendite, 
einfügen: anfällt, einfügen: 
(2) 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet für die Berechnung des auf eine Schuldverschreibung entfallenden 
Zinsbetrags für jeglichen Zeitraum (der Berechnungszeitraum): 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ICMA) einfügen:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in diesem Berechnungszeitraum (vom ersten Tag dieses Zeitraums 
(einschließlich), jedoch ausschließlich des letzten Tages), geteilt durch die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
jeweiligen Kalenderjahr.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / Actual (ISDA) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Berechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des Berechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual / 365 (Fixed) einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gemäß ISDA 2000 einfügen: 
die Anzahl der Tage im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und mit 12 Monaten mit jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des Berechnungszeitraums ist der 31. Tag eines Monats und der erste Tag des 
Berechnungszeitraums ist weder der 30. noch der 31. eines Monats, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Berechnungszeitraums ist der letzte Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als en auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]] 
§ 3 
(Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag [, Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer 
Gesetzwidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)]) 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden am [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] (der Fälligkeitstag) in Höhe [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: der 
Festgelegten Stückelung] [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einem von der Festgelegten Stückelung 
abweichenden Betrag zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: von [Betrag einfügen] pro Festgelegte 
Stückelung] (der Rückzahlungsbetrag) zur Rückzahlung fällig. Für die Zwecke von § 3 Abs. 2, § 3 
Abs. 3 und § 9 gilt, dass jede Schuldverschreibung zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (der 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag) zurückgezahlt wird, der gemäß der folgenden Formel berechnet wird:  
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag = RP x (1 + ER)y 
wobei gilt: 
RP bezeichnet [Referenzpreis einfügen];  
ER bezeichnet [Emissionsrendite als Dezimalzahl einfügen]; und  
y bezeichnet den Zinstagequotient (wie in § 2 definiert). 
 
[Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen einfügen:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß § 10 an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] und höchstens 
[maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus, zurückgezahlt werden, falls: 
(a) 
die Emittentin anlässlich der nächsten gemäß der Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zahlung 
verpflichtet ist bzw. verpflichtet sein wird, zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 zu zahlen, und zwar 
infolge einer Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen innerhalb einer 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 6 definiert) oder einer Änderung bezüglich der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung am oder nach dem Datum wirksam wird, zu dem eine Vereinbarung über die 
Ausgabe der ersten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen getroffen wird; und 
(b) 
eine solche Verpflichtung nicht dadurch vermieden werden kann, dass die Emittentin die ihr zur 
Verfügung stehenden angemessenen Maßnahmen ergreift, 
mit der Maßgabe, dass diese Ankündigung der Rückzahlung nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühesten 
Datum erfolgen darf, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, 
falls eine Zahlung bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre. 
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 ankündigt, wird sie der Hauptzahlstelle 
(zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an der von ihr 
benannten Geschäftsadresse) (i) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin unterschriebene 
Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung berechtigt ist, unter 
Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das Recht der Emittentin 
zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind, sowie (ii) ein Gutachten von unabhängigen, anerkannten Rechtsberatern 
zustellen, wonach die Emittentin verpflichtet ist bzw. sein wird, die zusätzlichen Beträge infolge der 
betreffenden Änderung oder Neufassung zu zahlen, woraufhin diese Rückzahlung für die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger abschließende und verbindliche Wirkung entfaltet. Die Hauptzahlstelle 
ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß 
diesem § 3 Abs. 2 erforderlichen Bescheinigungen und Gutachten zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; 
auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten zu 
überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser 
Bescheinigungen und Gutachten und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt der Bescheinigungen oder Gutachten 
ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. 2 zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückbezahlt, zusammen (falls anwendbar) mit den bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.]  
[(2)] [(3)] 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin jederzeit (insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise), nach vorheriger (unwiderruflicher) Mitteilung an die Hauptzahlstelle und gemäß 
§ 10 an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger mindestens [Mindestanzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage und 
höchstens [maximale Anzahl von Tagen einfügen] Tage im Voraus zurückgezahlt werden, falls es für die 
Emittentin vor dem nächsten Zinszahltag irgendeiner Schuldverschreibung gesetzwidrig geworden ist 
oder gesetzwidrig wird, weiterhin Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen zu lassen, und zwar infolge einer 
Änderung oder Neufassung von Gesetzen oder Verordnungen oder einer Änderung bezüglich der 
Anwendung oder offiziellen Auslegung solcher Gesetze oder Verordnungen, wobei die Änderung bzw. 
Neufassung vor dem nächsten derartigen Zinszahltag wirksam geworden ist oder wird.  
Bevor die Emittentin die Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] ankündigt, wird sie der 
Hauptzahlstelle (zwecks Bereitstellung zur Einsichtnahme durch die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger an 
der von ihr benannten Geschäftsadresse) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zustellen, wonach die Emittentin zur Veranlassung der Rückzahlung 
berechtigt ist, unter Nennung der Umstände, die belegen, dass die aufschiebenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung erfüllt sind. Die Hauptzahlstelle ist nicht dafür verantwortlich und 
kann nicht dafür haftbar gemacht werden, die Bereitstellung der gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] 
erforderlichen Bescheinigungen zu überwachen oder sicherzustellen; auch ist die Hauptzahlstelle nicht 
verpflichtet, bereitgestellte Bescheinigungen zu überprüfen, zu kontrollieren oder zu analysieren, 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für den Inhalt dieser Bescheinigungen und haftet nicht, falls der Inhalt 
der Bescheinigungen ungenau oder falsch ist. Gemäß diesem § 3 Abs. [2][3] zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt, zusammen (falls 
anwendbar) mit den bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
[Im Fall einer optionalen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call-Option) einfügen: 
[(3)] [(4)]  
Die Emittentin kann am [Kündigungstermin[e] einfügen ][eines jeden Jahres beginnend am 
[Datum einfügen]] ([der][jedes dieser Daten ein] Kündigungstermin) die Schuldverschreibungen vollständig 
[oder 
teilweise] 
zurückzahlen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
mindestens 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankarbeitstage)][Bankarbeitstage (wie nachstehend in § 4[(2)][(3)] definiert)][Monate] vor dem 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin eine solche Rückzahlung gemäß § 8 mitteilen. Diese Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den [betreffenden] Kündigungstermin an. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum 
[betreffenden] Kündigungstermin zum Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag gemäß den Vorschriften des § 4 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag (der Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag) [je Schuldverschreibung] 
[der Schuldverschreibungen] ist [seine Festgelegte Stückelung] [ihr Gesamtnennbetrag] [wie folgt: 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
[Kündigungstermin(e) einfügen] 
[Optionale(r) Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) einfügen, der/die 
nicht unterhalb des Nennwerts/Emissionspreises 
liegt/liegen]]] 
([4][5]) Falls die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und den 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] nicht bei Fälligkeit zurückzahlt, wird dieser Betrag für den Zeitraum verzinst, 
der mit dem Tag für die Rückzahlung oder dem Fälligkeitstag der jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen beginnt und 
mit dem Ablauf des Tages endet, der der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht, [und 
zwar zu einem Betrag in Höhe des gesetzlichen Verzugszinssatzes]10 [in Höhe eines Betrags, der der Summe 
entspricht aus:  
(a) 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] (der Referenzpreis), und  
(b) 
das Produkt von [Emissionsrendite in Prozent einfügen] (die Emissionsrendite) und dem 
Referenzpreis für den Zeitraum von [Ausgabetag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Tag bzw. dem Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden, wobei die Emissionsrendite jährlich berechnet wird. 
Erfolgt diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht einer vollen Anzahl an Jahren entspricht, 
wird die Berechnung in Bezug auf den Zeitraum von weniger als einem ganzen Jahr auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten vorgenommen (wie in § 2 definiert).] 
§ 4 
(Zahlungen) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich,  
(a) 
den Rückzahlungsbetrag am Fälligkeitstag zu zahlen [oder] 
 
[Im Fall eines Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags einfügen: 
(b) 
den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag am Kündigungstermin zu zahlen.] 
 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. 2 einfügen: 
                                                     
10  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(c) 
den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. 2 bestimmten Tag der 
Rückzahlung zu bezahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen[.] [oder]] 
 
[Im Falle einer Rückzahlung gemäß §3 Abs. [2][3] einfügen: 
(d) 
den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag an dem gemäß § 3 Abs. [2][3] bestimmten Tag der 
Rückzahlung zu bezahlen einschließlich aller bis zu diesem Tag der Rückzahlung aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen[.]] 
Die 
in 
diesem 
Absatz 
(1) 
genannten 
Beträge 
sowie 
alle 
weiteren 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geschuldeten Beträge werden [Falls die Festgelegte Währung der 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,005 Euro [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden][Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht der Euro ist einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet, wobei 0,5 einer solchen Einheit [aufgerundet] 
[stets abgerundet] werden]  
 
[Im Fall von Dual-Currency Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(2) 
Die Zahlung des Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] [des Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] werden in [Währung einfügen] abgewickelt.  
[Die Umrechnung der Beträge zahlbar in [Währung einfügen] erfolgt mit dem Wechselkurs am 
jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag für den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die Zinsbeträge 
[und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
Wechselkurs ist [der "[ersten Kurs einfügen]” multipliziert mit "[zweiten Kurs einfügen]"] am 
[Umtauschfaktor einfügen] jeweiligen Kursberechnungstag. 
"[ersten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
"[zweiten Kurs einfügen]” bezeichnet den von [Sponsor einfügen] (ein Fixing Sponsor) veröffentlichten 
[entsprechende Bezeichnung einfügen] Kassakurs (ein Kassakurs) (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von 
([Währung] pro [einem][●] [Währung]), der am Kursberechnungstag auf der Reuters Bildschirmseite 
"[Seite einfügen]” gegen [Zeit einfügen] [Zeitzone einfügen]) erscheint. 
Kursberechnungstag 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten] 
Bankarbeitstag 
vor 
der 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags], jeweils in Übereinstimmung mit 
der Konvention von Bankarbeitstagen. 
[Bankarbeitstag bedeutet [TARGET2] [, [Finanzzentrum einfügen] [und [Finanzzentrum einfügen]].] 
Marktstörung bezeichnet: 
(a) 
das Ausbleiben der Veröffentlichung eines Kassakurses durch den jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor,  
(b) 
die Aufhebung oder Beschränkung des Devisenhandels für mindestens eine der relevanten 
Währungen, die für den Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden (einschließlich Optionen oder 
Terminkontrakte), oder die Beschränkung der Konvertibilität der Währungen, die für den 
Wechselkurs Berücksichtigung finden, oder die effektive Unmöglichkeit, eine Kursstellung für 
den betreffenden Wechselkurs zu erhalten, oder 
(c) 
alle sonstigen Ereignisse, deren wirtschaftliche Auswirkungen den vorgenannten Fällen ähnlich 
sind, 
jeweils in einem Umfange, der nach Ansicht der Emittentin wesentlich ist.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Wenn eine wie vorstehend bezeichnete Marktstörung an einem Kursberechnungstag eintritt, wird der 
betreffende Kursberechnungstag auf den nächstfolgenden Bankarbeitstag vor der Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] verschoben. 
Wenn die Marktstörung auch nach diesem Tag fortbesteht, gilt für die Berechnung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrags[,][und] 
des 
Zinsbetrags/der 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[des 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrags] [und] [des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags] der letzte ermittelbare Wechselkurs 
vor Eintritt der Marktstörung. 
Für den Fall, dass einer der Kassakurse vom jeweiligen Fixing Sponsor nicht länger festgestellt und 
veröffentlicht wird, sondern dies durch eine andere Person, Gesellschaft oder Einrichtung (der Ersatz-
Fixing Sponsor) geschieht, kann die Emittentin den Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] den Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge [und] [den Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
auf der Basis des Wechselkurses berechnen, wie er durch den entsprechenden Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor 
berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-Fixing Sponsors, gilt, unter 
Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Fixing Sponsor als eine Bezugnahme auf 
den Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor.  
Im Falle, dass einer der Kassakurse nicht länger festgestellt und veröffentlicht wird, kann die Emittentin 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag[,][und] 
den 
Zinsbetrag/die 
Zinsbeträge 
[und] 
[den 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [und] [den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag] auf der Grundlage eines anderen 
Wechselkurses (der Ersatz-Wechselkurs) bestimmen, wie dieser vom betreffenden Fixing Sponsor oder 
Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor berechnet und veröffentlicht wird. Im Falle der Bestimmung eines Ersatz-
Wechselkurses gilt, unter Berücksichtigung des Kontextes, jede Bezugnahme auf den Wechselkurs als 
eine Bezugnahme auf den Ersatz-Wechselkurs. 
Sollte die Emittentin zu dem Ergebnis kommen, dass 
(a) 
der Austausch eines Fixing-Sponsors nicht möglich ist,  
(b) 
der Austausch des Wechselkurses nicht möglich ist, oder 
(c) 
aufgrund des Eintritts besonderer Umstände oder Höherer Gewalt wie beispielsweise 
Katastrophen, Krieg, Terrorereignisse, Aufruhr, Beschränkungen von Zahlungsvorgängen, den 
Beitritt der Währung zur Europäischen Währungsunion, dem Austritt dieser Währung wieder 
aus der Europäischen Währungsunion, die für den betreffenden Kassakurs Berücksichtigung 
findet, oder andere Umstände mit vergleichbaren Auswirkungen auf den Wechselkurs, die die 
verlässliche Feststellung des Wechselkurses unmöglich oder praktisch nicht durchführbar 
machen, 
wird die Emittentin die Bestimmung des Wechselkurses im Rahmen einer verhältnismäßigen 
Ausführung ihres Ermessens nach den Vorschriften des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches (BGB) vornehmen.] 
[Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro][•] erfolgt in [•].] [Es werden jedoch mindestens [EUR][•] 
[0,001][•] [je Festgelegte Stückelung ] [auf den Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen (der 
Zahltag) auf einen Tag, der kein Bankarbeitstag ist, dann: 
 
[Im Fall der Following Business Day Convention einfügen: 
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf jegliche Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag.] 
 
[Im Fall der Modified Following Business Day Convention einfügen:  
haben die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nachfolgenden 
Bankarbeitstag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
[Im Fall der Preceding Business Day Convention einfügen:  
wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Bankarbeitstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn keine Anpassung erfolgt:  
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf Grund 
einer solchen Verschiebung zu verlangen.] 
 
[Für alle Business Day Conventions, wenn eine Anpassung erfolgt: 
Falls die Fälligkeit einer Zahlung, wie oben beschrieben, [vorgezogen wird] [oder] [verschoben wird], 
werden ein solcher Zahltag und die jeweilige Zahlung entsprechend angepasst.] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem [Wenn 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist oder wenn TARGET2 aus anderen Gründen benötigt wird, einfügen: 
und TARGET2 für Geschäfte geöffnet [ist] [sind] [Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [alle maßgeblichen Finanzzentren 
einfügen] abwickeln]. 
[Falls TARGET2 anwendbar ist, einfügen: TARGET2 ist das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
Alle Zahlungen werden an die Hauptzahlstelle (wie in § 5 definiert) geleistet. Die Hauptzahlstelle zahlt 
die fälligen Beträge an das Clearingsystem zwecks Gutschrift auf die jeweiligen Konten der 
Depotbanken zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Die Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem befreit die Emittentin in Höhe der Zahlung von ihren Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(4) 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht leistet, wird der 
fällige Betrag auf Basis des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen11 verzinst [(es sei denn, der 
zur Zahlung anstehende Betrag wird zu einem Zinssatz verzinst, der auf dem gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinssatz beruht und gemäß vorstehendem § [(2)][(3)] berechnet wird)]. Diese Verzinsung 
beginnt an dem Tag der Fälligkeit der Zahlung (einschließlich) und endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der der 
tatsächlichen Zahlung vorangeht (ausschließlich). 
 
[Im Fall einer Vorläufigen Globalurkunde einfügen:  
(5) 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, 
erfolgen nur nach Lieferung der Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum (wie in § 1 definiert) durch 
die relevanten Teilnehmer am Clearingsystem.] 
§ 5 
(Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle) 
(1) 
Die [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 
5LB, United Kingdom] [andere Person, die als Hauptzahlstelle ernannt wurde, einfügen], ist die 
Hauptzahlstelle (die Hauptzahlstelle). Die Emittentin kann zusätzliche Zahlstellen (die Zahlstellen) 
                                                     
11  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz gemäß §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte (sofern 
mindestens ein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) oder acht Prozentpunkte (sofern kein Verbraucher beteiligt ist) über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
ernennen und die Ernennung von Zahlstellen widerrufen. Die Ernennung bzw. der Widerruf ist gemäß 
§ 10 mitzuteilen. 
[Zusätzliche Zahlstelle zum [Zeitpunkt einfügen] ist [Person, die als zusätzliche Zahlstelle ernannt 
wurde, einfügen].] 
(2) 
Sofern irgendwelche Ereignisse eintreten sollten, die die Hauptzahlstelle [oder eine zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle] daran hindern, ihre Aufgabe als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu erfüllen, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, eine andere Bank von internationalem Rang als Hauptzahlstelle [oder als 
zusätzliche Zahlstelle] zu ernennen. Eine Übertragung der Stellung als Hauptzahlstelle [oder zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle] ist von der Emittentin unverzüglich gemäß § 10 mitzuteilen. 
(3) 
Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [handelt][handeln] im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin, [übernimmt][übernehmen] 
keine Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern und stehen in keinem Auftrags- 
oder Treuhandverhältnis zu diesen. Die Hauptzahlstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [ist] [sind] von den 
Beschränkungen des §181 BGB befreit. 
§ 6 
(Steuern) 
 
[Falls keine Pflicht zum Steuerausgleich (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(1) 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden nur nach Abzug und Einbehalt gegenwärtiger oder 
zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder staatlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art, die unter jedwedem 
anwendbaren Rechtssystem oder in jedwedem Land, das die Steuerhoheit beansprucht, von oder im 
Namen einer Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde des Landes, die zur Steuererhebung ermächtigt ist, 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden (die Steuern) geleistet, soweit ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Die Emittentin hat gegenüber den zuständigen 
Regierungsbehörden Rechenschaft über die abgezogenen oder einbehaltenen Steuern abzulegen. 
 
 
[Falls eine Steuerausgleichpflicht (Gross-up) anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen seitens bzw. 
namens der Emittentin erfolgen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug jeglicher gegenwärtiger oder künftiger 
Steuern oder Abgaben welcher Art auch immer, die seitens bzw. namens der Steuerjurisdiktion erhoben 
oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt bzw. Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
letzterem Fall wird die Emittentin die notwendigen zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, um zu gewährleisten, 
dass die von den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen erhaltenen Nettobeträge nach einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug den jeweiligen Beträgen von Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug bezüglich der Schuldverschreibungen zustehen würden, mit der 
Ausnahme, dass keine solchen zusätzlichen Beträge für Schuldverschreibungen gezahlt werden: 
(a) 
die in der Tschechischen Republik zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden; oder  
(b) 
deren Inhaber für solche Steuern oder Abgaben in Bezug auf diese Schuldverschreibung 
aufgrund seiner (über die bloße Inhaberschaft der Schuldverschreibung hinausgehenden) 
Verbindung mit der Steuerjurisdiktion haftbar ist; oder 
(c) 
die mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Relevanten Datum (wie nachstehend definiert) zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, außer in dem Umfang, in dem der Inhaber Anspruch auf einen zusätzlichen 
Betrag gehabt hätte, wenn er die Schuldverschreibung an diesem dreißigsten Tag zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt hätte, vorausgesetzt dieser Tag wäre ein Zahlungstag (wie in § 4 Abs. [2][3] definiert) 
gewesen.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(3) 
Unbeschadet anderslautender Bestimmungen in diesem § 6 werden keine zusätzlichen Beträge gezahlt, 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß einer in Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (der Code) beschriebenen Vereinbarung erforderlich ist oder anderweitig gemäß den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code oder irgendwelchen Vorschriften oder Vereinbarungen darunter, 
deren offizieller Auslegung oder gemäß einem Gesetz zur Umsetzung einer zwischenstaatlichen 
Zusammenarbeit in diesem Bereich oder gemäß einer Vereinbarung zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
von Amerika und der Tschechischen Republik zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß einem Gesetz 
zur Umsetzung oder in Befolgung oder zwecks Einhaltung einer solchen Vereinbarung auferlegt wird.  
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Steuerjurisdiktion bezeichnet die Tschechische Republik oder eine Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auf deren Gebiet mit der Befugnis zur Erhebung von Steuern; und  
Relevantes Datum bezeichnet den Tag, an dem die betreffende Zahlung erstmals fällig wird, es sei denn, 
der volle zu zahlende Betrag ist an bzw. vor diesem Fälligkeitstag nicht bei der Hauptzahlstelle 
eingegangen, 
in 
welchem 
Fall 
das 
Relevante 
Datum 
der 
Tag 
ist, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ordnungsgemäß in Übereinstimmung mit § 10 davon verständigt 
wurden, dass der volle zu zahlende Betrag erhalten wurde.] 
§ 7 
(Rang) 
(1) 
Unbeachtlich § 14 handelt es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel 
III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
begebene, 
mit 
Hypotheken 
gedeckte 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy). 
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefen direkte, unbedingte, nicht nachrangige und unbesicherte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und sind gleichrangig sowohl untereinander als auch bezüglich aller 
anderen von der Emittentin begebenen Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, die zum jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt ausstehen und von derselben Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen (wobei die Emittentin nach 
eigenem Ermessen mehrere Deckungsmassen bilden kann), sowie bezüglich aller anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen gleichrangig gestellt 
wurden. Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen unbesicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin darstellen, 
sind im Falle eines etwaigen gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahrens besondere Regeln für 
die Verbindlichkeiten anwendbar, die sich aus den von der Emittentin begebenen ausstehenden 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben.  
(3) 
[Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich um sog. “CRR-kompatible” Schuldverschreibungen, die 
den Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genügen und bei 
denen ausschließlich die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin verwendet werden, um den 
Anforderungen von § 28a Abs. 2 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes zu genügen.] 
(4) 
Für die Zwecke dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen haben die folgenden Begriffe die ihnen 
nachstehend zugeordnete Bedeutung: 
Angepasster Wert bezeichnet, soweit die einschlägigen Gesetze nichts anderes vorsehen: 
(a) 
für jedes Hypothekendarlehen den jeweils niedrigeren Wert der folgenden Größen: 
(i) 
der ausstehende Nennwert des Hypothekendarlehens; und  
(ii) 
der Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezüglich dieses Hypothekendarlehens; 
(b) 
für jede PSB-Forderung und -Risikoposition: deren ausstehenden Nennwert; 
(c) 
für Bargeld: den ausstehenden Nennwert; und  
(d) 
für jedes Derivat: dessen tatsächlichen Wert gemäß anwendbarem Recht.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag bezeichnet den Sonderaufsichtsvertrag vom 4. Juni 2020 zwischen der 
Emittentin als Emittent und Deloitte Audit s.r.o. als Sonderaufseher (der Sonderaufseher). 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag bezeichnet bezeichnet jeden Tag (außer Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Handelsbanken und Devisenmärkte in Prag Zahlungen abwickeln oder TARGET2 für Zahlungen oder 
Wechselgeschäfte mit dem Euro als Ausgangs- oder Zielwährung geöffnet ist. 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet: 
(a) 
den Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag; und 
(b) 
nach dem Ersten Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag: 
(i) 
vor dem Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jährlich jedes Datum 
seiner alljährlichen Wiederkehr; und 
(ii) 
nach Eintreten eines fortbestehenden Kündigungsgrundes: jedes Monatliche Datum, 
das zumindest einen Kalendermonat nach solchem ersten Eintreten folgt. 
Bargeld bezeichnet Barforderungen der Emittentin gemäß Abschnitt 31(2)(d) des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
Zeichnungsberechtigter bezeichnet eine Person, die ein Gesellschaftsamt bei der Emittentin bekleidet 
oder einer andere Person, die von der Emittentin als Zeichnungsberechtigter ernannt wurde und für die 
eine von der Emittentin unterzeichnete Urkunde vorgelegt wurde, in der Name und Unterschrift dieser 
Person aufgeführt sind und die die Zeichnungsberechtigung dieser Person bestätigt. 
CNB bezeichnet die Tschechische Nationalbank. 
CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 2/2019 Slg. der CNB vom 21.12.2018 (Vyhláška České 
národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018), über die Umsetzung einiger Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der Deckungsmasse bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden 
Angepassten Werte für alle Deckungsaktiva, wobei der Angepasste Wert: 
(a) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls es sich beim 
Hypothekendarlehen um ein Notleidendes Darlehen handelt; 
(b) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das Hypothekendarlehen 
nicht die in § 30 Abs. 1 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes aufgeführten 
Bedingungen erfüllt; 
(c) 
für das einzelne CRR-Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das CRR-
Hypothekendarlehen nicht die anwendbaren Anforderungen der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung 
(CRR) erfüllt; und  
(d) 
für das einzelne Hypothekendarlehen mit Null angesetzt wird, falls das Hypothekendarlehen im 
Sinne des Art. 178 der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) überfällig ist, 
wobei nicht auf tschechischen Kronen (koruna) lautende Deckungsaktiva zum Maßgeblichen 
Wechselkurs in den Gegenwert in tschechischen Kronen umgerechnet werden. 
Deckungsaktiva bezeichnet die im Deckungsregister eingestellten Deckungsaktiva, die den 
Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien genügen (soweit auf die 
jeweiligen Deckungsaktiva anwendbar). 
Deckungsregister bezeichnet das jeweilige Deckungsregister für jede Deckungsmasse, die von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung 
geführt wird.  
Deckungsmasse bezeichnet einen Teil des Vermögens der Emittentin, welcher buchhalterisch separat 
erfasst wird und aus Aktivposten besteht, welche die relevanten Auswahlkriterien erfüllen, die in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen festgelegt sind, und die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin decken

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
sollen, welche sich aus den Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen ergeben (wozu u.a. deren 
Gesamtnennwert und anteiliger Ertrag gehören). 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung). 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die Forderungen der Emittentin aus Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
Art. 129 Abs. 1 d) bis f) der Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR). 
CRR PSB-Forderungen bezeichnet Risikopositionen gemäß Art. 129 Abs. 1 a) oder b) der 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR).  
Tschechisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 21/1992 Slg., in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 190/2004 Slg., in 
der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz bezeichnet die Hypothekendarlehen der Emittentin gemäß § 
31 Abs. 2 a) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 256/2004 Slg., über 
Kapitalmarktgeschäfte, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 15/1998 Slg., über 
die Aufsicht im Bereich Kapitalmärkte und die Änderung bestimmter Gesetze, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung. 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 182/2006 Slg., über Insolvenz 
und die Methoden zu deren Abwicklung (Insolvenzordnung), in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet alle Instrumente und Wertpapiere, die von der 
Emittentin in der Form von mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe des 
tschechischen Rechts (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes begeben wurden, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob diese tschechischem 
oder Drittstaatrecht unterworfen wurden, und unabhängig davon, ob sie im Rahmen des Programms (als 
die 
hierin 
definierten 
Schuldverschreibungen), 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
Lokalen 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms, im Rahmen eines von der Emittentin erst noch aufzulegenden 
Programms oder als eigenständiges Produkt aufgelegt werden. 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz bezeichnet das tschechische Gesetz Nr. 151/1997 Slg., 
über Vermögensbewertung, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Dealer bezeichnet UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. sowie weitere 
von Zeit zu Zeit im Einklang mit dem Dealer Agreement für eine bestimmte Emission oder auf 
fortlaufender Basis ernannte Dealer (zusammen die Dealer). 
Dealer Agreement bezeichnet das geänderte und neugefasste Dealer Agreement vom 24. Juni 2021 
zwischen der Emittentin als Emittent, UniCredit Bank AG als Arrangeur und Dealer, und UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. als Dealer. 
Notleidendes Darlehen bezeichnet ein beliebiges zur Deckungsmasse gehörendes Hypothekendarlehen, 
das mehr als 90 Tage in Verzug ist. 
Derivate bezeichnet die sich aus einem Derivat ergebenden Rechte gemäß Art. 2 Ziffer 5 der Verordnung 
(EU) 648/2012 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates über OTC-Derivate, zentrale Gegenparteien 
und Transaktionsregister (also eines der in Ziffer 4 bis 10 in Anhang I, Abschnitt C der MiFID II-
Verordnung aufgeführten Finanzinstrumente), vorausgesetzt, alle relevanten Bedingungen gemäß § 31 
des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes sind erfüllt;  
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag bezeichnet den 30. Juni 2020; 
Ausgabetag bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm 
begibt; 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag bezeichnet den Vertrag über die Ausgabe- und Zahlstelle vom 24. 
Juni 2021 zwischen der Emittentin und Citibank, N.A., London Branch als der Hauptzahlstelle.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm bezeichnet das (dritte, ruhende) CZK 100.000.000.000 
Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin für die Begebung von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten 
Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den Anforderungen 
von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung genügen (und somit die Definition der Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllen) sowie (ii) anderen gemäß tschechischem Recht im Einklang mit dem Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, sodann das (zweite, ruhende) CZK 
20.000.000.000 Programm für Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin mit ausstehenden mit Hypotheken 
gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypoteční zástavní listy) gemäß tschechischem Recht, die den 
Anforderungen von §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und 
der 
Früheren 
CNB-Verordnung 
genügen 
(und 
somit 
die 
Definition 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllen), und schließlich ein ruhendes EUR 5.000.000.000 Programm für 
Inlandsanleihen der Emittentin, vertreten durch ihre Niederlassung in der Slowakei, für die Begebung 
von (i) mit Hypotheken gedeckten Schuldverschreibungen (hypotekárne záložné listy) gemäß 
slowakischem Recht, die den Anforderungen von §§ 14 ff. des slowakischen Gesetzes Nr. 530/1990 Slg., 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
in 
der 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(Slowakisches 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) genügen sowie (ii) anderen gemäß slowakischem Recht im Einklang mit 
dem Slowakischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Monatliches Datum bezeichnet den ersten Tag jedes Monats bzw. falls, dieser kein 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ist, den unmittelbar darauffolgenden Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag. 
Hypothekendarlehen bezeichnet die in der Deckungsmasse enthaltenen Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
SchVG-cz und die CRR-Hypothekendarlehen. 
Beliehene Immobilie bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein beliebiges Hypothekendarlehen eine Immobilie, die 
alle relevanten Voraussetzungen gemäß §§ 29 und 30 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes 
erfüllt und die zur Besicherung des Hypothekendarlehens verpfändet ist.  
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie bezeichnet den Gesamtwert der Beliehenen Immobilie, der von der 
Emittentin im Einklang mit dem anzuwendenden Recht (einschl. § 29 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und einschl. des Tschechischen Vermögensbewertungsgesetzes) und mit 
den internen Regelungen der Emittentin für die Bewertung Beliehener Immobilien bestimmt wurde. 
Soweit die einschlägigen Rechtsvorschriften nicht anders vorsehen, wird der Wert der Beliehenen 
Immobilie so berechnet, dass (i) der ermittelte Betrag, falls er auf eine andere Währung als die 
tschechische Krone (koruna) lautet, zum Maßgeblichen Wechselkurs umgerechnet wird, und (ii) der auf 
tschechische Kronen lautende ermittelte Betrag zum jeweiligen Betrag in tschechischen Kronen 
angesetzt wird. 
Nennwert bezeichnet die Summe der ausstehenden Hauptforderungen sowie aufgelaufener und 
ausstehender Zinsen in Bezug auf die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen, Hypothekendarlehen oder 
andere Schulden oder Sicherheiten, wobei der Nennwert so zu berechnen ist, dass (i) Beträge in einer 
anderen Währung als der tschechischen Krone (koruna) zum Maßgeblichen Wechselkurs umgerechnet 
werden, und (ii) auf tschechische Kronen lautende Beträge zum jeweiligen Betrag in tschechischen 
Kronen angesetzt werden. 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen bezeichnet die CRR PSB-Forderungen zusammen mit allen 
in § 31 Abs. 2 (b) und (c) des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Forderungen. 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund bezeichnet einen Zustand, ein Ereignis oder eine Handlung, der bzw. 
das bzw. die einen Kündigungsgrund darstellen würde, sobald mehr Zeit verstrichen ist bzw. falls eine 
Mitteilung, Bestätigung, Erklärung, Forderung und/oder Ersuchen erteilt oder übermittelt wird oder eine 
vergleichbare Maßnahme ergriffen wird oder eine vergleichbare Bedingung erfüllt ist. 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung bezeichnet Verordnung Nr. 164/2014 Slg. der CNB vom 30. Juli 2014 
(Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) über die Umsetzung einiger 
Bestimmungen des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, wie durch die CNB-Verordnung 
ersetzt. 
Programm bezeichnet das € 7.000.000.000 Programm der Emittentin für die Begebung von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. sowie jeglichen Rechtsnachfolger, 
welcher deren Ratinggeschäft übernimmt.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs bezeichnet den von der Emittentin bestimmten Gegenwert in tschechischen 
Kronen (koruna) (i) anhand des Kurses, wie ihn die CNB oder eine Nachfolgerquelle für die Umrechnung 
der relevanten Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen für den Bankarbeitstag bereitstellt, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht oder, (ii) falls ein solcher direkter Wechselkurs für die 
relevante(n) Währung(en) in tschechische Kronen nicht verfügbar ist, der (von der jeweiligen 
Zentralbank bereitgestellten) Kurs für die Umrechnung der relevante(n) Währungen in U.S.-Dollar oder 
Euro, gefolgt von der Umrechnung des betreffenden Betrags in U.S.-Dollar oder Euro in tschechische 
Kronen anhand des (seitens der CNB bereitgestellten) Wechselkurses für den Bankarbeitstag, der der 
jeweiligen Betragsbestimmung vorausgeht. 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz bezeichnet das slowakische Gesetz Nr. 483/2001 Slg., über Banken, in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung. 
Gesetzliche Tests bezeichnet alle vom Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz für die Emittentin 
vorgeschriebenen Tests (einschließlich der in Abschnitt 28a Abs. 1, 2 und 3 des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes genannten Tests). 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien bezeichnet die im Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der 
CNB-Verordnung (und insbesondere in Abschnitt 31 des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes) 
enthaltenen gesetzlichen Kriterien, nach denen entschieden wird, welche Deckungsaktiva Bestandteil der 
Deckungsmasse sein können. 
Tochterunternehmen bezeichnet bezüglich einer beliebigen Person (der Ersten Person) zum 
jeweiligen Zeitpunkt eine solche andere Person (die Zweite Person): 
(a) 
deren Angelegenheiten und Unternehmenspolitik von der Ersten Person beherrscht werden bzw. 
beherrscht werden können, sei es im Wege einer Beteiligung, eines Vertrags, der Befugnis zur 
Ernennung oder Abberufung von Mitgliedern des Führungsgremiums der Zweiten Person, oder 
anderweitig; oder  
(b) 
deren Jahresabschluss gemäß dem anzuwendenden Recht und den allgemein anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätzen mit dem der Ersten Person konsolidiert wird. 
Transaktionsdokumente bezeichnet:  
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen; 
(b) 
die relevante Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen; 
(c) 
das Dealer Agreement; und 
(d) 
den Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag.  
(5) 
Soweit sich aus dem Kontext nichts Gegenteiliges ergibt, gilt, dass eine Bezugnahme in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen: 
(a) 
auf irgendein Transaktionsdokument oder eine sonstige Vereinbarung oder ein sonstiges 
Instrument als Bezugnahme auf das jeweilige Transaktionsdokument bzw. die jeweilige 
Vereinbarung oder das jeweilige Instrument in deren allfällig geänderten, erneuerten, ergänzten, 
erweiterten oder neugefassten Fassung zu verstehen ist; und  
(b) 
auf eine Gesetzesnorm oder eine gesetzliche Vorschrift als Bezugnahme auf die allfällig 
geänderte, ersetzte oder neugefasste Gesetzesnorm oder Vorschrift zu verstehen ist.  
(6) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, in Zukunft zusätzliche Deckungsmassen bezüglich der 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen zu bilden. Ist dies der Fall, so bleiben die zum jeweiligen

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Zeitpunkt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen von der Deckungsmasse gedeckt, die zum Ausgabetag 
besteht, und zwar in deren allfällig geänderten oder ergänzten Form.  
§ 8 
(Verpflichtungen der Emittentin) 
(1) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, die Deckungsmasse im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien, den Gesetzlichen Tests und den weiteren einschlägigen Anforderungen gemäß dem 
Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz und der CNB-Verordnung aufrechtzuerhalten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, an jedem Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und an jedem Ausgabetag die 
vorgeschriebenen Kontrollen und Prüfungen vorzunehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass jedes in die 
Deckungsmasse eingebrachte Hypothekendarlehen auch weiterhin im Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen 
Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien (gemäß nachstehender Definition) ist. Soweit 
kein Einklang mit den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien gegeben 
ist, wird die Emittentin Bestandteile der Deckungsmasse entsprechend ersetzen, um den Einklang mit 
den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien und den Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien herzustellen. 
(2) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem sicherzustellen, dass der Vertragliche Bereinigte Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse 
mindestens 
110 
% 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennwerts 
der 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt (der Vertragliche Deckungstest). 
(3) 
Die Emittentin wird jeweils am Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag und jedem Ausgabetag ihre Einhaltung 
der Gesetzlichen Tests und des Vertraglichen Deckungstests prüfen; soweit sie diesen nicht genügt, wird 
sie Ersetzungen in der Deckungsmasse vornehmen, um die Einhaltung der Gesetzlichen Tests und des 
Vertraglichen Deckungstests zu gewährleisten. Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen 
Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. Allerdings darf die Emittentin, solange dieser Verstoß 
fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen 
ziehen. 
(4) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, der Ratingagentur (bzw. einer anderen Ratingagentur, die eine 
Bewertung für die Schuldverschreibungen abgegeben hat) und dem Sonderaufseher von Zeit zu Zeit 
Auskünfte über den aktuellen Wert des Vertraglichen Bereinigten Saldos der Deckungsmasse zu erteilen 
und die Einhaltung des Vertraglichen Deckungstests durch die Emittentin zu bestätigen.  
(5) 
Zusätzlich zu den Gesetzlichen Auswahlkriterien wird die Emittentin außerdem dafür sorgen, dass die 
Deckungsmasse auch die folgenden vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien erfüllt (zusammen die 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien): 
(a) 
die Hypothekendarlehen unterliegen tschechischem oder slowakischem Recht; 
(b) 
die Beliehene Immobilie ist eine erfasste Immobilie gemäß Auszug aus dem Tschechischen 
Grundbuch (“Immobilienkataster” – katastr nemovitostí) oder dem entsprechenden 
Immobilienverzeichnis einer maßgeblichen Jurisdiktion; 
(c) 
die Hypothekendarlehen wurden an eine oder mehrere natürliche Personen bzw. eine oder 
mehrere juristische Personen vergeben; 
(d) 
die Hypothekendarlehen werden ordnungsgemäß bedient, und es bestehen bezüglich dieser 
Darlehen keine für mehr als 90 Tage ausstehenden Zahlungen; 
(e) 
der Betrag des jeweiligen in die Deckungsmasse aufgenommenen Hypothekendarlehens ist mit 
einem Beleihungsauslauf (LTV) von 100 % gedeckelt; 
(f) 
die Deckungsmasse der Emittentin enthält keine forderungsbesicherten Wertpapiere; und  
(g) 
die Hypothekendarlehen sind weder durch Agrarflächen besichert (soweit diese Gegenstand 
eines separaten Grundpfandrechts sind und keinen funktionellen Bestandteil einer anderen 
beliehenen Immobilie darstellen) noch durch andere nicht zu Bauzwecken ausgewiesene 
Grundstücke.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(6) 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich außerdem für den gesamten Zeitraum, zu dem irgendwelche der 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen: 
(a) 
die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger (im Einklang mit § 10) und die Hauptzahlstelle 
unverzüglich vom Eintreten jeglichen Kündigungsgrundes in Kenntnis zu setzen; 
(b) 
jederzeit ordnungsgemäß Buch zu führen und dafür zu sorgen, dass auch ihre 
Tochterunternehmen ordnungsgemäß Buch führen; 
(c) 
ihren Sitz in der Tschechischen Republik und ihre Bankenlizenz gemäß dem Tschechischen 
Bankengesetz aufrechtzuerhalten, sowie sämtliche weiteren Zulassungen und Registrierungen, 
die für das Programm gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften der Tschechischen Republik 
erforderlich sind (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das Tschechische 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das Tschechische 
Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt), und der CNB sämtliche Dokumente zur Verfügung 
zu stellen, die für die Aufrechterhaltung der Zulassungen und Registrierungen erforderlich sind; 
(d) 
in allen wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Gesetzen und Vorschriften 
der Tschechischen Republik (was uneingeschränkt das Tschechische Bankengesetz, das 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, das Tschechische Kapitalmarktgesetz und das 
Tschechische Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und wie 
gemäß dieser Rechtsvorschriften erforderlich; insbesondere hat die Emittentin in allen 
wesentlichen Aspekten ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß der CNB-Verordnung und anderen 
Durchführungsvorschriften zum Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetz bezüglich der 
Schuldverschreibungen einzuhalten, was uneingeschränkt ihre Verpflichtungen betreffend die 
Führung des Deckungsregisters und sämtliche weiteren Dauerpflichten der Emittentin 
betreffend die Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse einschließt; 
(e) 
ihre sämtlichen Pflichten gemäß den Rechtsvorschriften der Slowakischen Republik (was 
uneingeschränkt das Slowakische Bankengesetz einschließt) dann und so einzuhalten, wenn und 
wie dies gemäß diesen Rechtsvorschriften für irgendwelche Hypothekendarlehen gemäß 
slowakischem Recht erforderlich ist, die Bestandteil der Deckungsmasse sind; 
(f) 
in englischer Sprache sämtliche Berichte und mit Bestätigungsvermerk versehenen geprüften 
Jahresabschlüsse für das jeweilige Geschäftsjahr/die jeweilige Rechnungsperiode zu 
veröffentlichen, die die Bilanz und die Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung enthalten sollen, sowie 
sämtliche weiteren an Gläubiger der Emittentin ergehenden Mitteilungen, Erklärungen oder 
Rundschreiben, und zwar jeweils sobald als möglich nach dem Erscheinungsdatum, jedenfalls 
aber innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Bilanzstichtag der Emittentin; 
(g) 
zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung des Geschäftsberichts und des Jahresabschlusses gemäß 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (f) eine von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten der Emittenten 
unterschriebene Bescheinigung zu veröffentlichen, wonach nach bestem Wissen und Gewissen 
der Emittentin Folgendes der Fall ist: (a) während des Zeitraums zwischen dem Abgabedatum 
der letzten Bescheinigung (bzw., im Falle der ersten solchen Bescheinigung, dem Datum dieser 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) und dem Datum der Abgabe der aktuellen Bescheinigung 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
ihren 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
gemäß 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, dem Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag und den übrigen 
Transaktionsdokumenten nachgekommen (und falls dies nicht der Fall ist, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu den Umständen dieser Nichteinhaltung der Verpflichtungen), und (b) 
unbeschadet der Allgemeingültigkeit dieses Buchstabens (g) und des vorstehenden Buchstabens 
(f) lag zu einem Zeitpunkt von nicht mehr als 10 Tagen vor Zustellung der Bescheinigung kein 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vor (und falls ein solcher 
Kündigungsgrund bzw. Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund vorliegt, macht die Emittentin 
detaillierte Angaben zu selbigem); 
(h) 
jeden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger auf dessen schriftlichen Wunsch hin mit sämtlichen 
Berichten zu versorgen, die vom Sonderaufseher gemäß dem Sonderaufsichtsvertrag erstellt 
wurden;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(i) 
keine der Bedingungen des Sonderaufsichtsvertrags anzupassen, zu ändern, zu erneuern, zu 
ergänzen oder aufzuheben, ausgenommen: 
(i) 
rein verwaltungstechnische Änderungen und Korrekturen offensichtlicher Irrtümer; 
(ii) 
notwendige Änderungen im Zuge einer Änderung von Gesetzen oder deren 
Auslegung, einschließlich des Tschechischen Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes und der 
CNB-Verordnung; oder  
(iii) 
Änderungen, die den Interessen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht wesentlich 
entgegenstehen. 
§ 9 
(Kündigungsgründe) 
(1) 
Jeder Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort fällig zu stellen 
und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zu verlangen, falls eines 
oder mehrere der folgenden Ereignisse (jeweils ein Kündigungsgrund) eintreten: 
(a) 
Nichterfüllung irgendwelcher Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Emittentin gemäß bzw. im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von mehr als 10 (zehn) 
Bankarbeitstagen ab dem Tag der Fälligkeit dieser Zahlungsverpflichtungen;  
(b) 
Die Emittentin versäumt es, irgendwelche weiteren Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen einzuhalten 
oder zu erfüllen, und dieser Verzug besteht unbehoben für 45 (fünfundvierzig) Kalendertage ab 
dem 
Tag 
fort, 
an 
dem 
der 
Emittentin 
eine 
Mitteilung 
seitens 
des 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers zugestellt wurde, in der sie aufgefordert wird, Abhilfe zu 
schaffen (mit Ausnahme derjenigen Fälle, in denen der Verzug wegen seiner Wesensart nicht 
behoben werden kann, und in denen deshalb weder Fortbestand noch Aufforderung zur Abhilfe 
erforderlich sind, um den Kündigungsgrund zu begründen); 
(c) 
Für die Zwecke des vorstehenden Buchstabens (b) sind unter Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen 
jegliche 
wesentliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
den 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und gemäß Sonderaufsichtsvertrag zu verstehen. Zur 
Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest für die Zwecke des 
vorstehenden Buchstabens (b) würde keinen Verstoß gegen Wesentliche Verpflichtungen 
darstellen; oder  
(d) 
Die Emittentin erfüllt die Gesetzlichen Tests für einen Zeitraum von mehr als drei Monaten 
nicht. 
Zur Klarstellung: Ein Verstoß gegen den Vertraglichen Deckungstest löst keinen Kündigungsgrund aus. 
Allerdings darf die Emittentin solange dieser Verstoß fortbesteht, keine Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben, die aus der Deckungsmasse Nutzen ziehen.  
Das Recht zur Fälligstellung der Schuldverschreibungen erlischt, falls der fragliche Kündigungsgrund 
behoben wurde, bevor es zur Ausübung des Rechts kam.  
(2) 
Die Mitteilung der Fälligstellung von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem Abs. 1 soll in 
Textform seitens des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers an die Hauptzahlstelle erfolgen, die persönlich 
oder per Einschreiben zuzustellen ist und einen hinreichend stichhaltigen Nachweis enthalten muss, dass 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Inhaber der relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen ist. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden zum Zeitpunkt des Erhalts der Mitteilung

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
durch die Hauptzahlstelle fällig. Die Hauptzahlstelle wird die Mitteilung ohne weitere Prüfung 
umgehend an die Emittentin weiterleiten.  
§ 10 
(Mitteilungen) 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
(1) 
Mitteilungen 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen nicht durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen 
Börse bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen 
[und]  
[Wenn die Veröffentlichung daneben in einem Börsenpflichtblatt zu machen ist:, soweit gesetzlich 
erforderlich in einem Börsenpflichtblatt. Dies ist voraussichtlich die [Name des Börsenpflichtblatts 
einfügen].] [Ist die Veröffentlichung in dieser Zeitung nicht mehr möglich, werden die Mitteilungen in 
einem anderen Börsenpflichtblatt gemacht.] 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.] 
 
[Wenn Mitteilungen durch elektronische Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der maßgeblichen Börse 
bewirkt werden dürfen, einfügen: 
Alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen werden [zusätzlich] durch elektronische 
Veröffentlichung auf der Homepage der [maßgebliche Börse] (www.[Internetadresse einfügen]). Jede 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum (oder, wenn sie mehrmals 
veröffentlicht wird, am dritten Tage nach der ersten Veröffentlichung) als bewirkt.]] 
[(2)] 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
 
[Im Fall von nicht börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
Die Emittentin übermittelt alle Mitteilungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen dem 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. Jede 
solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als an die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
 
[Im Fall von börsennotierten Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
Anstelle der in Absatz (1) erwähnten Veröffentlichung in einem Börsenpflichtblatt darf die Emittentin 
die jeweilige Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
übermitteln, sofern das Regelwerk der Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung gestattet. Jede solche Mitteilung gilt am vierten [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Bankarbeitstag nach dem Tag der Übermittlung der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als an die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger bewirkt.] 
[Im Fall von TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag einfügen: TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag ist ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem TARGET2 betriebsbereit ist.]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
[Im Fall von nicht-TARGET2 Bankarbeitstagen: [Londoner] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Bankarbeitstag bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
[London] [anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.]] 
§ 11 
(Rückerwerb) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen am Markt oder auf sonstige Weise und zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zurückzukaufen. Von der Emittentin zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Ermessen der Emittentin von der Emittentin gehalten, erneut verkauft oder der Hauptzahlstelle zur Entwertung 
übermittelt werden. 
§ 12 
(Vorlegungsfrist) 
Die in § 801 Absatz (1) Satz 1 BGB vorgesehene Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 13 
(Teilunwirksamkeit) 
Sollte eine Bestimmung dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen davon unberührt. Eine in Folge 
Unwirksamkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen entstehende Lücke ist durch 
eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen und den Interessen der Parteien 
entsprechende Regelung auszufüllen. 
§ 14 
(Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand, Sprache) 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Emittentin und der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger unterliegen dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(2) 
Obschon die Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterliegen 
und nach diesem auszulegen sind, ziehen sie Nutzen aus den einschlägigen Bestimmungen des 
Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes, 
der 
CNB-Verordnung, 
der 
Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung und weiteren Bestimmungen des tschechischen Rechts, die auf die Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar oder anderweitig für diese von Relevanz sind. Deshalb müssen die 
Schuldverschreibungen die Anforderungen der §§ 28 ff. in Teil 2, Kapitel III des Tschechischen 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetzes erfüllen und die Deckungsmasse und ihre Verwaltung unterliegen 
tschechischem Recht. Außerdem finden im Falle eines Insolvenzverfahrens gegen die Emittentin § 375 
der Tschechischen Insolvenzordnung sowie weitere einschlägige Bestimmungen der Tschechischen 
Insolvenzordnung Anwendung auf die Schuldverschreibungen und die Deckungsmasse. 
(3) 
In Bezug auf in der Deckungsmasse enthaltene Hypothekendarlehen nach slowakischem Recht unterliegt 
die Deckungsmasse denjenigen Rechtsvorschriften des Slowakischen Bankengesetzes und anderer 
slowakischer Gesetze, die auf slowakische Hypothekendarlehen anwendbar bzw. für diese relevant sind, 
und genießt den sich aus diesen Vorschriften ergebenden Schutz. 
(4) 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den in diesen 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen geregelten Angelegenheiten ist, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, 
München. 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen nur in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen:  
(5) 
Diese Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
§ 15 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen) 
(1) 
§§ 5 ff. des (bundesdeutschen) Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (SchVG) 
finden auf die Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung. Von daher ist die Emittentin berechtigt, diese 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen mit der im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses erteilten Einwilligung 
der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu ändern.  
(2) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses insbesondere 
Folgendem zustimmen: 
(a) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für den Zinszahltag, die Minderung oder Aufhebung des 
Zinses; 
(b) 
Änderung des Fälligkeitsdatums für die Zahlung des Kapitalbetrags; 
(c) 
Minderung der des Kapitalbetrags; 
(d) 
Nachrangigstellung der sich aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Forderungen in einem 
gegen die Emittentin geführten Insolvenzverfahren;  
(e) 
die Umwandlung bzw. der Austausch der Schuldverschreibungen gegen Aktien oder andere 
Wertpapiere oder Obligationen; 
(f) 
Wechsel bzw. Freigabe von Sicherheiten; 
(g) 
Änderung der Währung der Schuldverschreibungen; 
(h) 
Verzicht 
auf 
bzw. 
Einschränkung 
der 
Kündigungsrechte, 
die 
sich 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger aus den Schuldverschreibungen ergeben; 
(i) 
Änderung oder Aufhebung von Nebenbestimmungen der Schuldverschreibungen; und  
(j) 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
kann 
nicht 
dazu 
verwendet 
werden, 
irgendwelchen 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern eine Zahlungsverpflichtung oder sonstige Leistungspflichten 
aufzuerlegen. 
(3) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verabschieden ihre Beschlüsse im Wege einer Abstimmung [in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung][ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 SchVG]. 
Die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger wird von der Emittentin oder vom Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (gemäß der Definition in nachstehender Ziffer 8) einberufen. Gemäß § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
SchVG i. Verb. m. § 18 SchVG gilt, dass die Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
einberufen werden muss, falls Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger, die zusammen Schuldverschreibungen in 
einem Wert von 5 % des ausstehenden Kapitalbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen schriftlich hierum 
nachsuchen, unter Benennung einer der in § 9 Abs. 1 erster Satz SchVG aufgeführten Gründe. 
(4) 
Beschlüsse der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger werden, vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
solange Beschlussfähigkeit gegeben ist, durch eine einfache Mehrheit von Stimmen der 
stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gefasst. 
Für die Verabschiedung von Beschlüssen in den Fällen gemäß § 15 Abs. 2 (a) bis (i) bedarf es einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der Stimmen der stimmberechtigten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger.  
(5) 
Die an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geben ihre Stimmen gemäß der 
Höhe des Kapitalbetrags bzw. ihres rechnerischen Anteils an den ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ab. Solange die Berechtigung aus den Schuldverschreibungen bei der Emittentin oder irgendeinem ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen liegt bzw. auf Rechnung der Emittentin oder ihres verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten wird (§ 271 Abs. 2 des Handelsgesetzbuchs), ruht das Stimmrecht in Bezug auf 
solche Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die mit solchen ruhenden 
Stimmrechten verbundenen Schuldverschreibungen auf einen Dritten zu übertragen, um die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte anstelle der Emittentin zu ermöglichen; dies gilt auch für alle verbundenen 
Unternehmen der Emittentin. Niemand ist berechtigt, ein solches Stimmrecht für den im dritten Satz 
(erster Halbsatz) weiter oben beschriebenen Zweck auszuüben.  
(6) 
Bindende Wirkung: Mehrheitsbeschlüsse sind für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger verbindlich. 
Beschlüsse, die nicht für identische Bedingungen für alle Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger sorgen, sind 
nichtig, es sei denn, die benachteiligten Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger haben dieser nachteiligen 
Behandlung ausdrücklich zugestimmt. 
(7) 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger müssen ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an Abstimmungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Abstimmung nachweisen, und zwar durch eine besondere Bescheinigung seitens der 
Depotstelle (wie nachstehend definiert) und durch Vorlage einer Weisung zur Sperrung seitens der 
Depotstelle zugunsten der Hauptzahlstelle für den Zeitraum der Abstimmung. 
Die von der Depotstelle erteilte Bescheinigung muss 
(a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die Adresse des Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers bezeichnen; 
(b) 
den Gesamtkapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnen, der dem Wertpapierkonto 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Bescheinigung gutgeschrieben ist; und  
(c) 
bestätigen, dass die Depotstelle dem Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle schriftlich die 
Informationen gemäß (a) und (b) übermittelt hat, sowie Bestätigungen seitens des 
Clearingsystems. 
Depotstelle bezeichnet eine Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, die bzw. das zur 
geschäftsmäßigen Wertpapierverwahrung berechtigt ist und bei der bzw. bei dem der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ein Wertpapierkonto betreffend die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(8) 
Die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger können im Wege eines Mehrheitsbeschlusses einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(den 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter) 
bestellen, 
der 
dann 
die 
Rechte 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger namens jedes einzelnen Schuldverschreibungsgläubigers ausübt. Jede 
geschäftsfähige natürliche Person oder qualifizierte juristische Person kann als Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
tätig werden. Jede Person, die: 
(a) 
Mitglied des Verwaltungsrats, Aufsichtsrats, Vorstands oder eines vergleichbaren 
Gesellschaftsgremiums der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist 
oder dort ein Gesellschaftsamt bekleidet oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; 
(b) 
eine Beteiligung von mindestens 20 % am Aktienkapital der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer 
verbundenen Unternehmen hält;

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(c) 
Finanzgläubiger der Emittentin oder irgendeiner ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen ist, mit einer 
Forderung, deren Betrag mindestens 20 % der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, 
oder bei einem solchen Finanzgläubiger als Mitglied eines Gesellschaftsgremiums, in leitender 
oder verantwortlicher Position oder als Arbeitnehmer beschäftigt ist; oder  
(d) 
aufgrund einer besonderen persönlichen Beziehung zu irgendeiner der unter (i) bis (iii) 
genannten Personen der Kontrolle durch eine solche Person unterworfen ist;  
muss die maßgeblichen Umstände den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber offenlegen, bevor er 
als Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. Treten solche Umstände nach der Ernennung zum 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ein, so wird der Gemeinsame Vertreter die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger 
unverzüglich in angemessener Form hiervon unterrichten. 
(9) 
Dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter kommen die Pflichten und Kompetenzen zu, die ihm das Gesetz oder die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger per Mehrheitsbeschluss einräumen. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat sich 
nach den Weisungen der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger zu richten. Insoweit als der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter bevollmächtigt wurde, bestimmte Rechte der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger geltend zu 
machen, sind die Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger nicht berechtigt, diese Rechte selbst in Anspruch zu 
nehmen, es sei denn, der betreffende Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter hat den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern Bericht über seine Tätigkeiten zu erstatten.  
(10) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern gegenüber in deren Eigenschaft 
als Gesamtgläubiger für die Erfüllung seiner Pflichten, derer er sich mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Geschäftsleiters auszuüben hat. [Falls der Beschluss der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters vorsieht, einfügen: Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters kann im Wege eines von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern verabschiedeten 
Beschlusses beschränkt werden.][Falls die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters auf einen festen Betrag 
beschränkt ist, einfügen: Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf einen Betrag des [[Betrag 
einfügen] 
-fachen 
seiner 
Jahresvergütung] 
[Betrag 
einfügen] 
beschränkt.] 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger entscheiden über die Geltendmachung von Schadensersatzansprüchen 
seitens der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger gegenüber dem Gemeinsamen Vertreter. 
(11) 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann von den Schuldverschreibungsgläubigern jederzeit auch ohne Angabe 
von Gründen von seinem Amt enthoben werden. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter kann bei der Emittentin um 
sämtliche Auskünfte nachsuchen, die für die Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin 
kommt für die Kosten und Aufwendungen auf, die mit der Ernennung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
verbunden sind, und zwar einschließlich der angemessenen Vergütung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
III. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS (ENGLISH LANGUAGE 
VERSION) 
Option I: Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (the Issuer) is 
being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date) in bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions 
(the Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Aggregate Principal Amount) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination).  
 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the Exchange 
Date) only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
through such financial institutions) (the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and 
private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below).] 
 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(4) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
[Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear).] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Euroclear are individually referred to as an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the ICSDs)]. 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
(6) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, 
insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as 
defined in § 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the 
reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) (including) to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. The respective Interest 
Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day convention [If adjustment 
(as specified in § 4) is applicable, insert: or an adjustment] pursuant to § 4 ([2][3]), be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4 (1). The first payment of interest shall, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to § 4 ([2][3]), be made on [[insert first Interest Payment Date] [In the 
case of a first short/long coupon, insert: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [Initial Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] 
per Aggregate Principal Amount] [In the case of a last short/long coupon, insert: Interest in respect of 
the period from [insert Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the Maturity 
Date (exclusive) will amount to [[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Denomination] [[Final Broken Amount per Aggregate Principal Amount] per Aggregate Principal 
Amount].] 
Interest Period means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) respectively. 
(2) 
Interest Rate means 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
insert:  
[insert interest rate in per cent. per annum]. 
Interest Payment Date means the [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] and the 
Maturity Date.] 
 
[In the case of step- up or step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the percentage relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
as set out in the column “Interest Rate” of the table below.  
Interest Payment Date(s) means each date which is set out under the column “Interest Payment Date” 
in the following table: 
 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Rate 
[first Interest Payment Date] 
[interest rate] 
[For each further Interest Payment Date, insert:  
[insert Interest Payment Date] 
 
[interest rate]] 
Maturity Date 
[interest rate]] 
(3) 
The calculation of the Interest Amount (the Interest Amount) occurs by multiplying the product of the 
Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]. 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
(4) 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to § 2(1). In 
that event, interest shall be payable on those Mortgage Covered Bonds at the rate determined in 
accordance with § 2(5) on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(5) 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be 
[insert percentage] and, where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying Agent two Banking Days

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter [insert Interest Payment 
Date(s)] [of each month / specify other] up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
(6) 
§§2(4) to 2(6) shall only apply if the Issuer fails to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds (in full) on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Banking Days thereafter) and the maturity of those Mortgage Covered 
Bonds shall be automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with § 
3[(3)][(4)][(5)] .] 
(7) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage 
Covered Bond for any period of time (the Calculation Period) 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls, 
insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number of Interest Periods 
normally ending in any year.]  
 
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) 
the number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the 
number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]  
 
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive Interest 
Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30.]] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or 
last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period.] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date)] 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the Maturity Date) at their 
Specified Denomination (the Redemption Amount) [if an Extended Maturity Date is applicable, insert:, 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
subject to an extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to [insert Extended Maturity 
Date] (the Extended Maturity Date) as provided in § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] below]. 
 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 10, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 
6) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this 
§ 3(2) are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event 
the content of such certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds 
redeemed pursuant to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert 
maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 10, all 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, or will, before the next 
Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the Issuer to allow to remain 
outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable 
laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment 
Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)], the Issuer delivers to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this § 3[(2)][(3)] 
are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it 
be responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of 
such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or 
incorrect. Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)] will be redeemed at their

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give 
notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined 
in § 4 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued until 
the Call Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] 
[of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal 
Amount] [as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue price]]] 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
If the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date 
or within two Banking Days thereafter, the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the date on 
which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions will be automatically extended up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. In that 
event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
The Issuer shall give to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 10) and the 
Principal Paying Agent, notice as to whether or not it intends to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full at least five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such person shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of any extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date. The Principal Paying Agent will notify the Clearing System of the notification (if any) 
given by the Issuer promptly upon such receipt (and in any event by no later than three Banking Days 
prior to the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Principal 
Paying Agent has not received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with this § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)], the 
Principal Paying Agent shall endeavour to notify the Clearing System that the relevant Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be. 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] shall be 
irrevocable. Where § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] applies, any failure to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds on the 
Maturity Date (except where the Issuer has given notice in accordance with § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)] that it will 
redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds to 
the Extended Maturity Date under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] shall not constitute an event of default for any 
purpose or give any Mortgage Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal 
or otherwise on the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] 
[In the event of the extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Mortgage Covered

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be 
determined and made in accordance with §§ 2(4) to 2(6) and [specify other].] 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds 
shall be applied rateably across the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] 
For so long as any of those Mortgage Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue 
any further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
[(9)][(10)][(11)] §§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] to 3[(9)][(10)][(11)] shall only apply to Mortgage Covered Bonds if the Issuer 
fails to redeem those Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Banking Days 
thereafter).] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and  
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date [including any interest accrued until 
the Call Date [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3(2)), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3(2) 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)], insert: 
(e) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)] 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption [.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s)[,][and] [the Optional 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] 
[the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the “[insert first exchange rate]” multiplied by the “[insert second exchange 
rate]”] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert first exchange rate]” means the [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency])

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone]) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert second exchange rate]” means [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone]) 
on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET2][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant 
currencies quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the 
restriction of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective 
impossibility of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (the Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published by the Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every reference to the Fixing 
Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (the Replacement Exchange Rate) as calculated 
and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing Sponsor, as the case may be. In 
case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference to the Settlement Rate, 
depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a) 
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b) 
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c) 
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the 
calculation of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances 
having a comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement 
Rate is impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch “BGB”).]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [●] is effected [●].] [At least [EUR] [●] [0.001] [●] 
[per Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Payment Date) is not a Banking 
Day then  
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking 
Day.] 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Banking 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the payment shall be made 
on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Banking 
Day.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in respect 
of such delay.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described above, such 
Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law12. Such accrual of 
                                                     
12 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if 
at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the 
effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the 
relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent[, Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying 
Agent] (the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the Paying 
Agents) and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to 
§ 10. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
[(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the 
Calculation Agent).] 
([2][3]) Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or 
Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of 
international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] [or another person or 
institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the 
Principal Paying Agent [or Calculation Agent] [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 10. 
([3][4]) In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] 
[and the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The 
Principal Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] shall be exempt from the 
restrictions of § 181 German Civil Code. 
([4][5]) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
(1) 
Payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall only be made after deduction and withholding 
of current or future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, 
levied or collected (the Taxes) under any applicable system of law or in any country which claims fiscal 
jurisdiction by or for the account of any political subdivision thereof or government agency therein 
authorised to levy Taxes, to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. The Issuer 
shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies.] 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
(2) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered Bond: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of his having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Mortgage Covered Bond; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in § 4([2][3])). 
(3) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
(4) 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
§ 10.] 
§ 7 
(Status) 
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 14, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a special

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
[The Mortgage Covered Bonds are “CRR Compliant” Mortgage Covered Bonds complying with 
requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage 
Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech Bonds Act.] 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the outstanding Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; and  
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(c) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value; and 
(d) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 4 June 2020 and entered into by 
and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte Audit s.r.o. as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in 
or conversions to or from euros, TARGET2 is open for business. 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly 
Date falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Cash means cash receivables of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (in Czech, Vyhláška 
České národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the outstanding Adjusted 
Values of all Cover Assets, where the Adjusted Value is, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan;

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(b) 
each Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan does not fulfil requirements set 
out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act; 
(c) 
each CRR Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such CRR Mortgage Loan does not fulfil the 
applicable CRR requirements; and 
(d) 
each Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan is in default pursuant to Article 
178 of CRR, 
and when any Cover Asset is not denominated in Czech Koruna such balance shall be converted to its 
equivalent in Czech Koruna at the Relevant Exchange Rate. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a Cover Assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions to cover the 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including, among other 
things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage 
covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the 
Czech Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under 
the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), under the Local Bond Programme, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Dealer means UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. and any other 
dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 June 2021 and entered 
into between the Issuer as issuer, UniCredit Bank AG as arranger and dealer and UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s. as dealer. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool which is more than 90 days in 
arrears. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of Section 
C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the Czech 
Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means 30 June 2020. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme; 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 24 June 2021 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Local Bond Programmes means the (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic bond programme of the 
Issuer for the issuance of both (i) mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under 
Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the (second, 
inactive) CZK 20,000,000,000 domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., 
Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds) and an inactive EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme of the Issuer, acting through its branch in Slovakia, for the issuance of (i) mortgage covered 
bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
14 et seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Slovak Bonds Act) and (ii) 
other bonds issued under Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not an Asset Monitor Business Day, 
then the immediately following Asset Monitor Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure the 
Mortgage Loan fulfilling all the relevant conditions set out in Sections 29 and 30 of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including Section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act and the Czech 
Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. Unless 
required by the applicable laws otherwise, the Mortgaged Property Value shall be calculated in relation 
to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech Koruna, the Czech Koruna 
equivalent of such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at 
the relevant date and (ii) Czech Koruna, the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
Nominal Value means the sum of the outstanding principal balances and any accrued and unpaid interest 
relating to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, Mortgage Loans or any other debt or security as the case 
may be, calculated in relation to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech 
Koruna, by applying the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts and (ii) Czech Koruna, the 
applicable amount in Czech Koruna.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Previous CNB Decree means Decree of the CNB No. 164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, 
Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing certain 
provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB Decree. 
Programme means the €7,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables together with all receivables set out 
in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Banking Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) 
if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, 
the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or 
currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently 
converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate 
to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Banking Day before the relevant 
determination. 
Slovak Banking Act means Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Section 28a(1), (2) and (3) of the Czech Bonds Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Section 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; and 
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional Cover Pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the 
Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and reviews 
as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that each 
Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in compliance with 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such substitutions in 
the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Value of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in compliance, 
it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the 
Issuer shall not issue any Czech Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating agency 
which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value 
of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer 
with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria to (collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) or the respective land registry in the relevant 
jurisdiction; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(d) 
the Mortgage Loans are performing and there are no payments in respect of such loans that are 
due and unpaid for more than 90 days; 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a maximum loan to value 
ratio of 100 per cent.;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
(f) 
the Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(g) 
the Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 10) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
at all times keep and procure that its Subsidiaries keep, proper books of account; 
(c) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations; 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time and 
in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply in all 
material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), including, but not limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the 
Cover Assets Register and any other ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Slovak Republic (including, without limitation, the Slovak Banking Act) at such time and in 
such manner as required by such laws and regulations in respect of any Mortgage Loan governed 
by Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(f) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(g) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (f) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (g) and 
paragraph (f) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(h) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement;

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
(i) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, except 
for: 
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or 
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due;  
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains 
unremedied for the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (b) above, Significant Obligations means any material 
obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test would 
not be a breach of a Significant Obligation for the purposes of paragraph (b) above; or 
(d) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of 
Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the Issuer must not issue any Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant event 
of default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent by hand or registered mail together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall fall and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert:

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
(1) 
Publication.  
 
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange, insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette (in 
German, Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (in German, Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, 
the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (in 
German, Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, 
insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet 
address]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).]] 
[(2)] 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: TARGET2 Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
§ 11 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 12 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 13 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ 14 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act 
and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Cover Pool, will be subject to and will benefit from, in respect of Mortgage Loans governed by 
Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool, those provisions of the Slovak Banking Act and any other 
provisions of Slovak law applicable to or relevant for the Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided.]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language.] 
§ 15 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (in German, Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (the SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, 
the Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds in insolvency proceedings 
of the Issuer;  
(e) 
a conversion of the Mortgage Covered Bonds into, or the exchange of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for, shares, other securities or obligations; 
(f) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(g) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ termination rights under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(i) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(j) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [in a bondholders’ 
meeting][without a physical meeting pursuant to § 18 SchVG]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection 
with § 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set 
out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote 
participating in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 15 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(in German, Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so 
suspended, to another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; 
this shall also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting 
right for the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time 
of voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate 
body, an officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (in German, Gesamtgläubiger); in the 
performance of its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed 
by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited 
to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] 
times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon 
the assertion of claims for compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common 
Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Option II: Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (the Issuer) is 
being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date) in bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions 
(the Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Aggregate Principal Amount) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the Exchange 
Date) only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
through such financial institutions) (the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive interest is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and 
private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below).] 
 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive interest is represented by the Global Note.] 
(4) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear).] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear are individually referred to as an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the ICSDs).]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the 
Permanent Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
(6) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
On any redemption or payment of interest or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds represented by the Global Note details of such redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
reflected in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the 
aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, 
insert: For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as 
defined in § 3) relating to a partial redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the 
reasonable discretion of the ICSDs pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds” shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest on their outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount from 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the Interest Commencement Date) (including) [for each Interest 
Period] to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 3 (1) below) (excluding) at the Interest Rate per annum. 
The respective Interest Amount shall, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the business day 
convention [If adjustment is applicable (as specified in § 4): or an adjustment] pursuant to § 4 [(2)][(3)], 
be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4 (1). 
Interest Payment Date means 
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
for the period, during which the Mortgage Covered Bonds bear interest on a fixed rate basis (the Fixed 
Interest Term):

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year]] 
and for the period, during which the Mortgage Covered Bonds bear interest on a floating rate basis (the 
Floating Interest Term): 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert: 
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date] beginning with 
[first Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].] 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert number] 
[weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date [and the Maturity Date] beginning with [first 
Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].]  
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert: 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert:  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates without a first long/short coupon, 
insert:  
each [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date]]  
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates with a first long/short coupon, insert: 
the [insert first Interest Payment Date] and thereafter [each][the] [insert specified 
Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] [and the Maturity Date].] 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert:  
each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [insert 
number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date[, and the Maturity Date].]] 
Interest Period means each period from the Interest Commencement Date (including) to the first Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) and from each Interest Payment Date (including) to the following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding) respectively. 
 
[In the case of Screen Rate Determination, insert:

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
(2) 
The interest rate (the Interest Rate)  
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Fixed Interest Term, will 
be [insert fixed interest rate in per cent. per annum]  
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the First Interest 
Period (as defined below) will be [[insert initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination] 
[[insert initial broken amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
the Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the 
Floating Interest Term, will, except as provided below, be:] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert:  
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be]  
the Reference Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied with [factor],] [In the case of a Margin, 
insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin].  
[In the case of a Margin, insert: Margin means [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
Reference Rate means,  
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) Floating Rate 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
[insert in case of Mortgage Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is not SONIA®, SOFR® 
or €STR®: the [[insert number]-month [Euribor] [[insert number]-month [Pribor] offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the 
respective Interest Determination Date]] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA®) rate for the relevant London Banking Day which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to the 
following formula.  
Compounded Daily SONIA® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily SONIA® as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following 
formula: 
 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
p 
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
SONIA®i-pLBD 
means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA® reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
“i ”. 
Observation Period  
means the period from and including the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds become due and payable)] 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: the daily US Dollar overnight reference rate (SOFR®) rate for 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 5.00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the 
relevant Interest Period pursuant to the following formula. 
Compounded Daily SOFR® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily US Dollar overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the [Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following 
formula: 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities Banking Day (as defined below) in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
means [insert relevant definition].  
ni 
for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Banking Day; 
SOFR®i-pUSBD means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SOFR® reference rate for the U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Banking Days 
prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Banking Day “i”. 
Observation Period 
means the period from and including the date falling five U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling five U.S. Government Securities Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become due and 
payable).]  
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert: the daily Euro short-term rate (€STR®) for the relevant 
TARGET2 Banking Day which appears on the Screen Page as of 9.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, calculated on a compounded basis for the relevant Interest Period pursuant 
to the following formula.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Compounded Daily €STR® means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] on the Interest Determination Date, pursuant to the following formula: 
 
d 
means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do 
means the number of TARGET2 Banking Days since the relevant Interest Period; 
I 
means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET2 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET2 Banking Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
p 
 
 
means [insert relevant definitions].  
ni 
for any day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but 
excluding the following TARGET2 Banking Day; 
€STR®i-pTBD  
means, in respect of any TARGET2 Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR® reference rate for the TARGET2 Banking Day 
falling “p” TARGET2 Banking Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Banking 
Day “i”. 
Observation Period 
means the period from and including the date falling five TARGET2 Banking 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five TARGET2 Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five TARGET2 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds become due and payable). 
[If necessary, the resulting percentage will be rounded to the fifth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards.] 
 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a first short/long coupon, insert:  
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the first Interest Payment Date, for 
which the Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] 
[insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
each for deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest Period which appears on 
the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
 
[If Interpolation shall apply for a last short/long coupon, insert:  
(This shall not apply for the Interest Period which ends with the Maturity Date, for which the 
Reference Rate will be the linear interpolation between the [insert number] month [Euribor] 
[insert number] month [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert number] month [Euribor] [insert 
number] month [Pribor] offered rate (each expressed as a percentage rate per annum) each for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for the respective Interest Period which appears on the Screen 
Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate 
is Pribor, insert: Prague] time, on the respective Interest Determination Date.)]  
 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or Pribor, insert:

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such offered rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page, the Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Banks to provide its rate 
at which deposits in the Specified Currency are offered at approximately 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] 
time, on the respective Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the [If the Reference Rate 
is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] interbank market 
for the respective Interest Period in a representative amount. 
If at least two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the 
respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005] 
being rounded upwards) of such quotations. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the respective Reference Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as described above) of the rates quoted by major banks in the [If the Reference 
Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague], determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion § 315 BGB), at approximately 11:00 a.m., 
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: 
Prague] time, on that Interest Determination Date for deposits in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for the respective Interest Period and in a representative amount. 
 
If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert:  
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time, SONIA® shall 
be: (i) the Bank of England’s bank rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA® to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which SONIA® has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as 
to (i) how SONIA® is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace SONIA®, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA® for the purpose of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for so 
long as SONIA® is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the [Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Mortgage Covered Bonds been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert:  
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) unless 
both a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and a SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, SOFR® in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Banking Day for which 
SOFR® was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if a SOFR® Index Cessation Event and SOFR® 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated administrator),

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
provided that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day of the SOFR® Index Cessation Event, then the rate for each Interest Determination 
Date occurring on or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
(i) references to SOFR® where references to OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government 
Securities Banking Day were references to New York Banking Day, (iii) references to SOFR® 
Index Cessation Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Banking Day of the SOFR® Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate for each Interest Determination Date occurring on 
or after the SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if (x) references to 
SOFR® were references to FOMC Target Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities 
Banking Day were references to New York Banking Day and (z) references to the Screen Page 
were references to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
Where: 
FOMC Target Rate means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if the Federal Open Market 
Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range 
set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s Website 
(calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower bound 
of the target range). 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
OBFR, means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate in respect of the New York Banking Day immediately preceding such Interest 
Determination Date as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 
p.m. (New York time) on such Interest Determination Date. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a OBFR Index Cessation Event, 
the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the 
date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has ceased or will cease to 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income securities and 
derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been publicly acknowledged 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as an “OBFR Index 
Cessation Event” under the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) (the ISDA 
Definitions). 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of a SOFR® Index Cessation Event, 
the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(b) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity prohibiting 
the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited 
to, fixed income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has 
been publicly acknowledged by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. as an “SOFR Index Cessation Event” under the ISDA Definitions.] 
 
[If the Reference Rate is €STR®, insert:  
€STR®i shall be the rate which was last published before the respective Interest Determination 
Date on the [insert screen page]. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the European Central Bank publishes 
guidance as to (i) how €STR® is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace €STR®i, the 
[Calculation Agent] [●] shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine €STR®i for the purpose of the Mortgage Covered Bonds for so 
long as €STR®i is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the [Calculation Agent] [●], the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such 
Mortgage Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Mortgage Covered Bonds been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
Interest Determination Date means the [first] [last] [second] [insert other number of days] [If 
the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET2] [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, 
insert: London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] [insert 
other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor or €STR®, insert: TARGET2 Banking Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] [If the 
Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: U.S. Government Securities] Banking Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [If the Reference Rate is SONIA®, insert: 
London] [If the Reference Rate is SOFR®, insert: New York] [insert other financial centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page).

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Reference Banks means four major banks in the [If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-
Zone] interbank market, which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion 
(§ 315 BGB).  
[If the Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed 
in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the 
euro, as amended.]  
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use [Reference Rate] 
[SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], (ii) the administrator of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] ceases to calculate and publish the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the [Reference 
Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, 
restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the 
administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; or (iv) the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] [€STR®] is otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation Event), the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate determined by the 
Issuer as follows by applying steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the Successor Reference 
Rate): 
(I) 
The [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], which is announced by the administrator of the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®], the competent central bank or a regulatory or 
supervisory authority as the successor rate for the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] for the term of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] and which can be 
used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate cannot be determined); 
(II) 
the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable 
law) as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating rate mortgage covered bonds in the 
respective currency; or (if such an alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
(III) 
the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be commonly used (in accordance with applicable 
law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant currency, or 
(y) for exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant currency on a recognised futures 
exchange for exchange traded interest futures with regard to the Reference Rate for a 
comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference rate can be determined);  
(IV) 
the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be replaced with a rate, which 
is determined by the Issuer (who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged 
to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution 
experienced with the type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (in 
German, billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] and the relevant currency in a commercially reasonable manner based on the general 
market interest levels in the Federal Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used in connection 
with such successor reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate). From the date of the 
determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the Relevant Date) any reference to the 
[Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] shall be read as a reference to the Successor 
Reference Rate and any reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be 
read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply 
mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 8. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
with a Successor Reference Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor or fraction 
which shall be applied in determining the Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for 
the purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds before the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.  
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the [Reference Rate] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] cannot be replaced by the Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above,

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
the Issuer may redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par, together with any accrued interest until the redemption 
date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8.  
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate applicable from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the redemption date 
shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were 
offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In case the relevant quotation 
will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied against such quotation. The Margin will 
thereby be reduced.] The Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] []. If the Issuer elects 
not to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first 
Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
[In the case of CMS Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
the [insert relevant number of years] year Constant Maturity Swap, being the swap rate 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum which appears on the Screen Page as of the Reference 
Rate Time on the respective Interest Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
Screen Page means [insert relevant Screen Page] (or any replacement Page). 
If the Screen Page is not available at such time, or if such quotations do not appear on the Screen 
Page, the Calculation Agent will request the Reference Banks to provide the mid-market annual 
swap rate quotations at approximately the Reference Rate Time, on the respective Interest 
Determination Date. 
If at least [insert number] quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for that Interest 
Determination Date will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest hundred 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotations (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
Reference Rate Time means [insert Reference Rate Time]. 
As used herein, Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
which will be determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion § 315 BGB). 
Interest Determination Date means the [second] [first] [last] [insert other number of days] 
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day [prior to the] 
[commencement][expiry] of the relevant Interest Period.  
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: TARGET2 Banking Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: [insert financial centre] Banking Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [insert financial 
centre]]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
If (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate, (ii) 
the administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to calculate and publish the Reference Rate 
permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Rate 
becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority; 
or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise being discontinued (each a Discontinuation Event), the 
Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate determined by the Issuer as follows by applying 
steps (I) through (IV) in such order (the Successor Reference Rate): 
(I) 
The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference rate, which is announced by 
the administrator of the Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a regulatory or 
supervisory authority as the successor rate for the Reference Rate for the term of the Reference 
Rate and which can be used in accordance with applicable law; or (if such a successor rate 
cannot be determined);  
(II) 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, which is or will 
be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate for a comparable 
term for floating rate mortgage covered bonds in the respective currency; or (if such an 
alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
(III) 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an alternative reference rate, which is or will 
be commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) as a reference rate (x) for interest rate 
swaps (fix-to-floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for exchange traded interest rate futures 
in the relevant currency on a recognised futures exchange for exchange traded interest futures 
with regard to the Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such alternative reference 
rate can be determined);  
(IV) 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, which is determined by the Issuer 
(who, for the purposes of such determination, may (but is not obliged to) seek and rely on the 
opinion of a reputable third party financial adviser or financial institution experienced with the 
type of calculations required at the time) in its reasonable discretion (in German, billiges 
Ermessen) with regard to the term of the Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner based on the general market interest levels in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the relevant time. 
The Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other source shall be used in connection 
with such successor reference rate (the Successor Reference Rate). From the date of the 
determination of the Successor Reference Rate (the Relevant Date) any reference to the 
Reference Rate shall be read as a reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any reference 
to the Screen Page herein shall from the Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with § 8. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the Reference Rate with a Successor Reference 
Rate the Issuer may specify an interest adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in 
determining the Interest Rate and calculating the interest amount, for the purpose of achieving 
a result which is consistent with the economic substance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds before 
the Discontinuation Event occurred and which is not to the economic detriment of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
If a Discontinuation Event occurs and in case the Reference Rate cannot be replaced by the 
Issuer by applying steps (I) through (IV) as described above, the Issuer may redeem the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at par, together with any accrued interest until the redemption date pursuant to the provisions in 
§ 4. The Issuer will give notice of such redemption to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 8.  
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Interest Rate applicable from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event until the redemption date 
shall be [the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period][the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were 
offered [in the case of Factor, insert: multiplied by [factor]] [in the case of Margin, insert: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period)]. [in the case of a Margin being added, insert: In case the relevant quotation 
will be less than zero, the Margin will be applied against such quotation. The Margin will

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
thereby be reduced.] The Interest Rate will never be less than 0 (zero)] []. If the Issuer elects 
not to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the same Interest Rate shall apply from the first 
Interest Payment Date following the Discontinuation Event.] 
 
[In the case of ISDA determination, insert: 
(3) 
The interest rate (the Interest Rate)  
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Fixed Interest Term, will 
be [insert fixed interest rate in per cent. per annum] 
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the First Interest 
Period (as defined below) will be [[insert initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination] 
[[insert initial broken amount] per Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
The Interest Rate during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the 
Floating Interest Term, will be, except as provided below:] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, insert:  
for each Interest Period will, except as provided below, be] 
the relevant ISDA Rate [In the case of a factor, insert: multiplied by [insert factor]], [In the case of a 
Margin, insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
[The Margin amounts to [insert percentage in per cent per annum].] 
ISDA Rate means for an Interest Period the rate corresponding to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were to act as calculation agent for such swap transaction, such determination occurring pursuant 
to an agreement declaring the 2006 ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Definitions (in the version that is 
valid, current, updated and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on their 
website at www.isda.org (or a successor website) on the Issue Date) part of the contract and according 
to which 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option corresponds to [insert Floating Rate Option], 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity means a period [insert period from/to], and  
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date corresponds to [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Euro-Zone Interbank Offer Rate (“Euribor”) or the Prague Interbank Offered Rate (“Pribor”) 
for a currency: the first day of this Interest Period] [If the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
not based on the Euribor or the Pribor for a currency, insert: [insert relevant date]]). 
For purposes of this paragraph (3), (i) Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meaning accorded to these terms in the ISDA Definitions, 
and (ii) Euro-Zone means the countries and territories listed in the Annex of Council Regulation (EC) 
No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.] 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate applies, insert: 
(3) 
 
[In the case of a Minimum Interest Rate, insert:

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above provisions is 
less than [insert Minimum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Interest Rate].] 
 
[In the case of a Maximum Interest Rate, insert: 
If the Interest Rate in respect of any Interest Period specified in accordance with the above provisions is 
higher than [insert Maximum Interest Rate], the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Interest Rate].]] 
[(3)][(4)]  
The Interest Amount (the Interest Amount) will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Day Count Fraction with [each Specified Denomination] [the 
Aggregate Principal Amount]. 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
[(4)][(5)] 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) 
the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject 
to § 2(1). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Mortgage Covered Bonds at the rate determined 
in accordance with § 2[(5)][(6)] on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. The final Interest Payment Date shall 
fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
[(5)][(6)] 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will 
be [insert percentage] and, where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying Agent two Banking 
Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter [insert Interest 
Payment Date(s)] [of each month / specify other] up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. 
[(6)][(7)] 
§§ 2[(4)][(5)] to 2[(6)][(7)] shall only apply if the Issuer fails to redeem the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Banking Days thereafter) and the maturity of those 
Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)].] 
[(7)][(8)] 
The Calculation Agent will arrange for the Interest Rate, each Interest Amount for the respective 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent and every stock exchange, on which the Mortgage Covered Bonds are at that 
point of time listed or admitted to trading and whose regulations require a notification to the stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than on the [fourth] [insert 
number of days] Banking Day following its calculation. In the case of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period, the Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be adjusted 
in the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment). Any such adjustment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange, on which the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are then admitted or traded and to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with § 8. 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres].

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
[(8)][(9)] 
Day Count Fraction means,  
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any period of 
time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: during the [Fixed 
Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period): 
 
[If the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls, 
insert:  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Interest Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number 
of Interest Periods normally ending in any year.]  
 
[If the Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period, insert: 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Interest Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Interest 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Interest Period 
and (2) the number of Interest Periods in a year.] 
 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period, insert:  
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive 
Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]  
 
[In the case of a long first or last Calculation Period, insert: 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Interest Period only, [insert Fictive 
Interest Payment Date] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert:

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30.]] 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 (German interest calculation 
method) insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 with the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to the 
date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period (unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case 
the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2006, insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period): 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.]] 
 
[If 30E/360 (ISDA) (only, if ISDA 2006 Definitions shall be applicable (German interest calculation 
method)) insert: 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage Covered Bonds for any 
period of time [In the case of Fixed-to-Floating Interest Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
during the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating Interest Term]] (the Calculation Period):  
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
Where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31 and, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period.] 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date)] 
[(1)]  
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [In the case of a specified maturity date, insert: 
[insert Maturity Date]] [In the case of a specified maturity month, insert: the Interest Payment Date falling 
in [insert month] of [insert year]] (the Maturity Date) at their [Specified Denomination] [Aggregate 
Principal Amount] (the Redemption Amount) [if an Extended Maturity Date is applicable, insert:, 
subject to an extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to [insert Extended Maturity 
Date] (the Extended Maturity Date) as provided in § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] below]. 
 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on 
any Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than 
[insert maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 
10, the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this 
§ 3(2) are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event 
the content of such certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds 
redeemed pursuant to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, on any Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not 
more than [insert maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with § 10, all Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, 
or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the 
Issuer to allow to remain outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next such Interest Payment Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)], the Issuer delivers to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this § 3[(2)][(3)] 
are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it 
be responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of 
such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or 
incorrect. Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)] will be redeemed at their 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give 
notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined 
in § 4 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued until 
the Call Date pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] 
[of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal 
Amount] [as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue price]]] 
 
[If the Extended Maturity Date with respect to the Mortgage Covered Bonds applies, insert: 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
If the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date 
or within two Banking Days thereafter, the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the date on 
which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions will be automatically extended up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. In that 
event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
[(4)][(5)][(6)] 
The Issuer shall give to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 10) and the 
Principal Paying Agent, notice as to whether or not it intends to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Mortgage Covered Bonds in full at least five Banking Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such person shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of any extension of the maturity of the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Extended 
Maturity Date. The Principal Paying Agent will notify the Clearing System of the notification (if any) 
given by the Issuer promptly upon such receipt (and in any event by no later than three Banking Days 
prior to the Maturity Date of the Mortgage Covered Bonds). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Principal 
Paying Agent has not received a notice from the Issuer in accordance with this § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)], the 
Principal Paying Agent shall endeavour to notify the Clearing System that the relevant Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be. 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] shall be 
irrevocable. Where § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] applies, any failure to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds on the 
Maturity Date (except where the Issuer has given notice in accordance with § 3[(4)][(5)][(6)] that it will 
redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds) or any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds to 
the Extended Maturity Date under § 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] shall not constitute an event of default for any 
purpose or give any Mortgage Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal 
or otherwise on the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
[(6)][(7)][(8)] 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)], interest rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be 
determined and made in accordance with §§ 2[(4)][(5)] to 2[(6)][(7)] and [specify other]. 
[(7)][(8)][(9)] 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds 
shall be applied rateably across the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
[(8)][(9)][(10)] 
For so long as any of those Mortgage Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue 
any further Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Mortgage 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
[(9)][(10)][(11)] §§ 3[(3)][(4)][(5)] to 3[(9)][(10)][(11)] shall only apply to Mortgage Covered Bonds if the 
Issuer fails to redeem those Mortgage Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two Banking 
Days thereafter).] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes 
(a) 
to pay the Interest Amount on each Interest Payment Date and 
(b) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[.] [or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date including any interest accrued until 
the Call Date [.] [or]]  
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3(2)), insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3(2) any 
interest accrued until such date of redemption [.] [or]]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)], insert: 
(e) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)] 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption[.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert: 
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s)[,][and] [the Optional 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] 
[the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the “[insert first exchange rate]” multiplied by the “[insert second exchange 
rate]”] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert first exchange rate]” means the [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone]) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert second exchange rate]” means [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone]) 
on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET2][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant 
currencies quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the 
restriction of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective 
impossibility of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (the Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and published by the Replacement Fixing

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each and every reference to the Fixing 
Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount], 
respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (the Replacement Exchange Rate) as calculated 
and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing Sponsor, as the case may be. In 
case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every reference to the Settlement Rate, 
depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a) 
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b) 
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c) 
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the 
calculation of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances 
having a comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement 
Rate is impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German 
Civil Code (in German, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch “BGB”).] 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [●] is effected [●].] [At least [EUR] [●] [0.001] [●] 
[per Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
[(2)][(3)] 
If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Payment Date) is not 
a Banking Day then 
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the 
payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Floating Rate Convention, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) an 
Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Banking Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Banking Day in the month, which falls [[insert number] 
months][insert other specified periods] after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert: 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to further interest or other payments in 
respect of such delay.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert: 
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described 
above, such Payment Date and the respective Interest Amount will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law13. Such accrual of 
interest starts on the due date of that payment (including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the 
effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
Payments of interest on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be 
made only upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the 
relevant participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying 
Agent] (the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the Paying 
Agents) and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to 
§ 10. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
(2) 
The Calculation Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Calculation Agent] (the 
Calculation Agent). 
(3) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any 
additional Paying Agent] being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent or 
                                                     
13 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if 
at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent], the Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of 
international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as additional Paying Agent] or another person or 
institution with the relevant expertise as Calculation Agent. Any such transfer of the functions of the 
Principal Paying Agent or Calculation Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly 
by the Issuer pursuant to § 10. 
(4) 
In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent[, the Paying Agent[s]] and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal 
Paying Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent shall be exempt from the restrictions 
of § 181 German Civil Code. 
(5) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent, will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
(1) 
Payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall only be made after deduction and withholding 
of current or future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, 
levied or collected (the Taxes) under any applicable system of law or in any country which claims fiscal 
jurisdiction by or for the account of any political subdivision thereof or government agency therein 
authorised to levy Taxes, to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. The Issuer 
shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies.] 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
(1) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered Bond: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of his having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Mortgage Covered Bond; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in § 4([2][3])). 
(2) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
(3) 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
§ 10.] 
§ 7 
(Status) 
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 14, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a special 
regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
[The Mortgage Covered Bonds are “CRR Compliant” Mortgage Covered Bonds complying with 
requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage 
Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech Bonds Act.] 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the outstanding Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; and  
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(c) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value; and 
(d) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 4 June 2020 and entered into by 
and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte Audit s.r.o. as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in 
or conversions to or from euros, TARGET2 is open for business. 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means:

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly 
Date falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Cash means cash receivables of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (in Czech, Vyhláška 
České národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the outstanding Adjusted 
Values of all Cover Assets, where the Adjusted Value is, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan;  
(b) 
each Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan does not fulfil requirements set 
out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act;  
(c) 
each CRR Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such CRR Mortgage Loan does not fulfil the 
applicable CRR requirements; and 
(d) 
each Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan is in default pursuant to 
Article 178 of CRR, 
and when any Cover Asset is not denominated in Czech Koruna such balance shall be converted to its 
equivalent in Czech Koruna at the Relevant Exchange Rate. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a cover assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions to cover the 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including, among other 
things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Section 
31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage 
covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the 
Czech Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under 
the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), under the Local Bond Programme, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Dealer means UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. and any other 
dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 June 2021 and entered 
into between the Issuer as issuer, UniCredit Bank AG as arranger and dealer and UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s.as dealer. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool which is more than 90 days in 
arrears. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of Section 
C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the Czech 
Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means 30 June 2020 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme; 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 24 June 2021 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent. 
Local Bond Programmes means the (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic bond programme of the 
Issuer for the issuance of both (i) mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under 
Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the (second, 
inactive) CZK 20,000,000,000 domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., 
Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds) and an inactive EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme of the Issuer, acting through its branch in Slovakia, for the issuance of (i) mortgage covered 
bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
14 et seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Slovak Bonds Act) and (ii) 
other bonds issued under Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not an Asset Monitor Business Day, 
then the immediately following Asset Monitor Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure the 
Mortgage Loan fulfilling all the relevant conditions set out in Sections 29 and 30 of the Czech Bonds 
Act. 
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including Section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act and the Czech 
Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. Unless 
required by the applicable laws otherwise, the Mortgaged Property Value shall be calculated in relation 
to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech Koruna, the Czech Koruna 
equivalent of such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at 
the relevant date and (ii) Czech Koruna, the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
Nominal Value means the sum of the outstanding principal balances and any accrued and unpaid interest 
relating to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, Mortgage Loans or any other debt or security as the case 
may be, calculated in relation to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech 
Koruna, by applying the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts and (ii) Czech Koruna, the 
applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Previous CNB Decree means Decree of the CNB No. 164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, 
Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing certain 
provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB Decree. 
Programme means the €7,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables together with all receivables set out 
in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Banking Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) 
if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, 
the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or 
currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently 
converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate 
to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Banking Day before the relevant 
determination. 
Slovak Banking Act means Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Section 28a(1), (2) and (3) of the Czech Bonds Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Section 31 of the Czech Bonds Act.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; and 
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional Cover Pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the 
Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and reviews 
as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that each 
Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in compliance with 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such substitutions in 
the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Value of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in compliance, 
it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the 
Issuer shall not issue any Czech Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating agency 
which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value 
of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer 
with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria to (collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) or the respective land registry in the relevant 
jurisdiction; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(d) 
the Mortgage Loans are performing and there are no payments in respect of such loans that are 
due and unpaid for more than 90 days; 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a maximum loan to value 
ratio of 100 per cent.; 
(f) 
the Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(g) 
the Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 10) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
at all times keep and procure that its Subsidiaries keep, proper books of account; 
(c) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations; 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, 
the Czech Capital Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time and 
in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply in all 
material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), including, but not limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the 
Cover Assets Register and any other ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Slovak Republic (including, without limitation, the Slovak Banking Act) at such time and in

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
such manner as required by such laws and regulations in respect of any Mortgage Loan governed 
by Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(f) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(g) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (f) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (g) and 
paragraph (f) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(h) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(i) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, except 
for:  
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or  
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due; 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains 
unremedied for the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
(c) 
for the purposes of paragraph (b) above, Significant Obligations means any material 
obligations of the Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test would 
not be a breach of a Significant Obligation for the purposes of paragraph (b) above; or

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
(d) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of 
Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the Issuer must not issue any Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant event 
of default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent by hand or registered mail together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall fall and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
 
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette (in 
German, Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (in German, Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, 
the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (in 
German, Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet 
address]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).]] 
[(2)] 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert: 
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert: 
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: TARGET2 Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].] 
§ 11 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 12 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 13 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties. 
§ 14 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act 
and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Cover Pool will be subject to and will benefit from, in respect of Mortgage Loans governed by 
Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool, those provisions of the Slovak Banking Act and any other 
provisions of Slovak law applicable to or relevant for the Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided.] 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language.] 
§ 15 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (in German, Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (the SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, 
the Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds in insolvency proceedings 
of the Issuer;  
(e) 
a conversion of the Mortgage Covered Bonds into, or the exchange of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for, shares, other securities or obligations; 
(f) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(g) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ termination rights under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(i) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(j) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [in a bondholders’ 
meeting][without a physical meeting pursuant to § 18 SchVG]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection 
with § 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set 
out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote 
participating in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 15 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(in German, Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so 
suspended, to another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; 
this shall also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting 
right for the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time 
of voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights on behalf of each

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate 
body, an officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (in German, Gesamtgläubiger); in the 
performance of its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed 
by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited 
to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] 
times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon 
the assertion of claims for compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common 
Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Option III: Terms and Conditions of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds 
§ 1 
(Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
(1) 
This Tranche of the series (the Series) of Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) of UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (the Issuer) is 
being issued on [insert Issue Date] (the Issue Date) in bearer form pursuant to these terms and conditions 
(the Terms and Conditions) in [insert Specified Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert Aggregate Principal Amount] (the Aggregate Principal Amount) in the 
denomination of [insert Specified Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, which is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are initially represented by a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the Permanent Global Note, and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date (the Exchange 
Date) only upon delivery of certifications, to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person or are not U.S. 
persons (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
through such financial institutions) (the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates). [If Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are specified as Clearing System, the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered into the records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] 
The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to 
receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in 
the Global Notes may be transferred pursuant to the relevant regulations of the Clearing System. The 
right to receive payments is represented by the Permanent Global Note. 
U.S. persons means such persons as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933 
and particularly includes residents of the United States as well as American stock corporations and 
private companies.  
The Global Notes bear the manual or facsimile signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer 
as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 
below). ] 
 
[In the case of a Permanent Global Note from the Issue Date, insert: 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Note (the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note) without interest coupons, which bears the manual or facsimile signatures of two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer as well as the manual signature of a control officer of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined in § 5 below). The holders of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders) are not entitled to receive definitive Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds as co-ownership interests in the Global Note may be transferred pursuant to the relevant 
regulations of the Clearing System. The right to receive payments is represented by the Global Note.] 
(4) 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System. Clearing System means 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear).] [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF).] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
Euroclear are individually referred to as an ICSD (International Central Securities Depositary) and, 
collectively, the ICSDs).] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent
Global Note is not a New Global Note, insert: 
(5) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in classical global note form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and if the Temporary Global Note or the Permanent 
Global Note is a New Global Note, insert: 
(6) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are issued in new global note form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) on behalf of both ICSDs. The principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount entered into the records of 
both ICSDs from time to time. The records of the ICSDs (which each ICSD holds for its customers 
reflecting the amount of such customer’s interest in the Mortgage Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
On any redemption or purchase and cancellation of any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by 
the Global Note details of such redemption, or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the Global Note, shall be entered pro rata into the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds reflected in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. [If the Mortgage Covered Bonds may be 
partially redeemed on the basis of an optional redemption right, insert: For technical procedure of the 
ICSDs, in the case of the exercise of an optional redemption (as defined in § 3) relating to a partial 
redemption, the outstanding Redemption Amount (as defined below) will be reflected in the records of 
the ICSDs as either a nominal reduction or as a pool factor, at the reasonable discretion of the ICSDs 
pursuant to § 317 BGB.] 
[(4)][(5)] The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders to issue additional Mortgage Covered Bonds with identical terms, so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Series comprising the Mortgage Covered Bonds. The term 
“Mortgage Covered Bonds” shall, in the event of such increase, also comprise all additionally issued 
Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
§ 2 
(Interest) 
(1) 
During their lifetime, there will be no periodic interest payment on the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
[If the default interest on the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] [and the Early 
Redemption Amount] accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield, insert: 
(2) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Mortgage 
Covered Bonds for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ICMA), insert: 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period (from, and including, the first day of such 
period to, but excluding, the last) divided by the actual number of days in the relevant calendar 
year.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / Actual (ISDA), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 365 (Fixed), insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual / 360, insert: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis in accordance with ISDA 2000 insert: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]]

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
§ 3 
(Maturity, Redemption Amount 
[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, Optional Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)]) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on [insert Maturity Date] (the Maturity Date) at [If 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed at their Specified Denomination, insert: their Specified 
Denomination] [If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are redeemed at an amount other than their Specified 
Denomination, insert: [insert amount] per Specified Denomination] (the Redemption Amount). For the 
purpose of § 3(2), § 3(3) and § 9, each Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed at its early redemption 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means [insert Reference Price]; 
AY means [insert Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal]; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction (as defined under § 2). 
 
[In the case of redemption for tax reasons, insert: 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days] and not more than [insert maximum 
numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 10, the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in § 6 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in § 6) 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3(2), the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any 
liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this 
§ 3(2) are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any 
liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the event 
the content of such certification and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. The Mortgage Covered Bonds 
redeemed pursuant to this § 3(2) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.] 
[(2)][(3)] 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than [insert minimum numbers of days]and not more than [insert

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
maximum numbers of days] days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 10, all 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if it has, or will, before the next 
Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Covered Bond, become unlawful for the Issuer to allow to remain 
outstanding any Mortgage Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable 
laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment 
Date.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)], the Issuer delivers to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur 
any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this § 3[(2)][(3)] 
are provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it 
be responsible for contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of 
such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certification is inaccurate or 
incorrect. Mortgage Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this § 3[(2)][(3)] will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
[In the case of optional redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call-Option), insert: 
[(3)][(4)] 
The Issuer may on [insert Call Date(s)] [of each year, commencing on [insert date]] ([the][each 
such date a] Call Date) redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in whole [or in part]. The Issuer will give 
notice of such redemption at least [insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking Days (as defined 
in § 4 [(2)][(3)] below)][months] prior to the [relevant] Call Date pursuant to § 8. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the [relevant] Call Date. The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at the [relevant] Call Date at the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to the provisions in § 4. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) [per Mortgage Covered Bond] 
[of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] shall be [its Specified Denomination] [their Aggregate Principal 
Amount] [as follows: 
[Call Date(s) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Date(s)] 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may 
not be lower than the principal amount/issue price]]] 
([4][5]) If the Issuer fails to pay the Redemption Amount [and the Optional Redemption Amount] [and the Early 
Redemption Amount] when due, such amount shall bear interest from the due date for redemption or the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, respectively, until the expiry of the day 
preceding the day of the actual redemption of the Mortgage Covered Bonds [in the amount of the default 
rate of interest established by law]14 [in an amount equal to the sum of  
(a) 
[insert Reference Price] (the Reference Price), and 
(b) 
the product of [insert Amortisation Yield in per cent.] (the Amortisation Yield) and the 
Reference Price from (and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Mortgage Covered Bonds become 
due and payable, whereby the Amortisation Yield shall be compounded annually. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined under § 2).] 
                                                     
14 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if 
at least one consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
The Issuer undertakes  
(a) 
to pay the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date[or] 
[In the case of an Optional Redemption Amount, insert: 
(b) 
to pay the Optional Redemption Amount on the Call Date.] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3(2)), insert: 
(c) 
to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to § 3(2) 
including any interest accrued until such date of redemption [.] [or]] 
[In the case of a redemption pursuant to § 3[(2)][(3)], insert: 
(d) 
to pay the Early Redemption Amount on the date of redemption determined pursuant to 
§ 3[(2)][(3)] including any interest accrued until such date of redemption[.]] 
The amounts mentioned in this paragraph (1) and all further amounts payable under these Terms and 
Conditions shall be rounded [If the Specified Currency is Euro, insert: up or down to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, with 0.005 Euro being rounded [upwards][always downwards]] [If the Specified Currency is not 
Euro, insert: up or down to the smallest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded [upwards][always downwards].  
[In the case of dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds, insert:  
(2) 
The payment of the Redemption Amount[,][and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early 
Redemption Amount] will be settled in [insert currency].  
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [insert currency] is effected by using the Settlement Rate on 
the Rate Calculation Date applicable to the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] 
[the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early Redemption Amount], respectively. 
Settlement Rate means [the “[insert first exchange rate]” multiplied by the “[insert second exchange 
rate]”] [insert conversion rate] on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert first exchange rate]” means the [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert other time 
zone]) on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
“[insert second exchange rate]” means [insert sponsor]’s (a Fixing Sponsor) published [insert relevant 
rate] spot rate (a Spot Rate) (expressed as a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] [insert currency]) 
which appears on Reuters Screen page “[insert page]” at approximately [insert time] [insert time zone]) 
on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
Rate Calculation Date means the [second] [insert day] Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the 
Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the 
Early Redemption Amount], respectively, in accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
[Bank Working Day means [TARGET2][, [insert financial centre] [and [insert financial centre]].] 
Market Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure to publish any of the Spot Rates by the relevant Fixing Sponsor, 
(b) 
the suspension or restriction in foreign exchange trading for at least one of the relevant 
currencies quoted as a part of the Settlement Rate (including options or futures contracts) or the

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
restriction of the convertibility of the currencies quoted in such exchange rate or the effective 
impossibility of obtaining a quotation of such exchange rate, or 
(c) 
any other events the commercial effects of which are similar to the events listed above 
to the extent that the above-mentioned events in the opinion of the Issuer are material. 
If a Market Disruption occurs on any Rate Calculation Date as specified above, such Rate Calculation 
Date shall be postponed to the next following Bank Working Day prior to the payment of the Redemption 
Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early 
Redemption Amount], respectively. 
If the Market Disruption continues after such day the last available Settlement Rate before the occurrence 
of the Market Disruption shall be taken for calculation of the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest 
Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] [the Early Redemption Amount], 
respectively. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published by a Fixing Sponsor but by 
another person, company or institution (the Replacement Fixing Sponsor), the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] 
[the Early Redemption Amount], respectively, on the basis of the Settlement Rate as calculated and 
published by the Replacement Fixing Sponsor. In case of election of a Replacement Fixing Sponsor, each 
and every reference to the Fixing Sponsor, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Replacement Fixing Sponsor. 
In the event that any of the Spot Rates is no longer determined and published, the Issuer may determine 
the Redemption Amount[,][and] the Interest Amount(s) [and] [the Optional Redemption Amount] [and] 
[the Early Redemption Amount], respectively, on the basis of another Settlement Rate (the Replacement 
Exchange Rate) as calculated and published by the relevant Fixing Sponsor or Replacement Fixing 
Sponsor, as the case may be. In case of election of a Replacement Exchange Rate, each and every 
reference to the Settlement Rate, depending on the context, shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement 
Exchange Rate. 
Should the Issuer come to the conclusion that 
(a) 
a replacement of any Fixing Sponsor is not available; 
(b) 
a replacement of the Settlement Rate is not available; or 
(c) 
due to the occurrence of special circumstances or force majeur such as catastrophes, war, terror, 
insurgency, restrictions on payment transactions, entering of the currency used for the 
calculation of the relevant Spot Rate into the European Monetary Union and other circumstances 
having a comparable impact on the Settlement Rate the reliable determination of the Settlement 
Rate is impossible or impracticable,  
the Issuer will determine the Settlement Rate in its own reasonable discretion pursuant to the German 
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch “BGB“).] 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] [•] is effected in .] [At least [EUR] [•] [0.001] [•] [per 
Specified Denomination] [for the Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid.]] 
([2][3]) If the due date for any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Payment Date) is not a Banking 
Day then  
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to any payment until the next following 
Banking Day.]

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Banking Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the 
payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Banking Day.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding 
Banking Day.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if no adjustment is effected, insert:  
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to interest or other payments in respect 
of such delay.] 
 
[For any Business Day Convention, if an adjustment is effected, insert:  
In the event that the maturity of a payment is [brought forward][or][postponed] as described 
above, such Payment Date and the respective payment will be adjusted accordingly.] 
Banking Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Clearing System [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro or if TARGET2 is needed for other reasons, insert: and TARGET2] [is] [are] 
open for business [If the Specified Currency is not Euro or if needed for other reasons, insert: and 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [insert all relevant financial centres]. 
[If TARGET2 applies, insert: TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer-System (TARGET2).] 
(3) 
All payments shall be made to the Principal Paying Agent (as defined in § 5). The Principal Paying Agent 
shall pay the amounts due to the Clearing System for credit to the respective accounts of the depository 
banks for transfer to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The payment to the Clearing System shall 
discharge the Issuer from its obligations under the Mortgage Covered Bonds in the amount of such 
payment. 
(4) 
If the Issuer fails to make any payment under the Mortgage Covered Bonds when due, accrual of interest 
on due amounts continues on the basis of the default interest rate established by law15 [(unless, the 
relevant amount payable is subject to the accrual of interest on the basis of the default rate established 
by law as set out in § [(2)][(3)] above)]. Such accrual of interest starts on the due date of that payment 
(including) and ends at the end of the day preceding the effective date of payment (excluding). 
[In the case of a Temporary Global Note, insert:  
                                                     
15 The default rate of interest pursuant to §§ 288 para 1, 247 para 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is five percentage points (if at least one 
consumer is involved) or eight percentage points (if no consumer is involved) above the basic rate of interest published by the German Central 
Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) from time to time.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
(5) 
Payments on the Mortgage Covered Bonds represented by a Temporary Global Note shall be made only 
upon delivery of the Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates (as described in § 1) by the relevant 
participants to the Clearing System.] 
§ 5 
(Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent) 
(1) 
The Principal Paying Agent is [Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] [insert other entity appointed as Principal Paying 
Agent] (the Principal Paying Agent). The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents (the Paying 
Agents) and revoke such appointment. The appointment and revocation shall be published pursuant to 
§ 10. 
[Additional paying agent as of [insert date] is [insert entity appointed as additional paying agent].] 
(2) 
Should any event occur which results in the Principal Paying Agent [or any additional Paying Agent] 
being unable to continue in its function as Principal Paying Agent [or any additional Paying Agent], the 
Issuer is obliged to appoint another bank of international standing as Principal Paying Agent [or as 
additional Paying Agent]. Any such transfer of the functions of the Principal Paying Agent [or any 
additional Paying Agent] shall be notified promptly by the Issuer pursuant to § 10. 
(3) 
In connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent[and the Paying Agent[s]] 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do[es] not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent [and the 
Paying Agent[s]] shall be exempt from the restrictions of § 181 German Civil Code. 
§ 6 
(Taxes) 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation does not apply, insert:  
(1) 
Payments in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall only be made after deduction and withholding 
of current or future taxes, levies or governmental charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, 
levied or collected (the Taxes) under any applicable system of law or in any country which claims fiscal 
jurisdiction by or for the account of any political subdivision thereof or government agency therein 
authorised to levy Taxes, to the extent that such deduction or withholding is required by law. The Issuer 
shall account for the deducted or withheld Taxes with the competent government agencies.] 
 
[If a tax gross-up obligation applies, insert:  
(1) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Mortgage Covered Bond: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Czech Republic; or

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bond 
by reason of his having some connection with the Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Mortgage Covered Bond; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in § 4([2][3])). 
(2) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6, no additional amounts will be paid where such 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or an agreement between the United States of 
America and the Czech Republic to implement FATCA or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such agreement. 
(3) 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Czech Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
§ 10.] 
§ 7 
(Status) 
(1) 
Notwithstanding § 14, the Mortgage Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy) issued in accordance with Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole 
discretion, create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
the same priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Although the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer, in any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, a special 
regime applies in respect of the obligations arising from the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued by the Issuer. 
(3) 
[The Mortgage Covered Bonds are “CRR Compliant” Mortgage Covered Bonds complying with 
requirements of Section 28c(2) of the Czech Bonds Act and solely using the Issuer’s CRR Mortgage 
Loans in order to fulfil the requirements of Section 28a(2) of the Czech Bonds Act.] 
(4) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjusted Value means, unless required by the applicable laws otherwise, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the outstanding Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan; and  
(ii) 
the Mortgaged Property Value related to such Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value;

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
(c) 
the Cash, its outstanding Nominal Value; and 
(d) 
each Derivative, its real value determined pursuant to the applicable law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement dated 4 June 2020 and entered into by 
and between the Issuer as issuer and Deloitte Audit s.r.o. as asset monitor (the Asset Monitor). 
Asset Monitor Business Day means each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Prague, or in relation to payments in 
or conversions to or from euros, TARGET2 is open for business. 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date means: 
(a) 
the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
following the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date: 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, yearly each day of 
annual anniversary of the First Asset Monitor Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, each Monthly 
Date falling at least one calendar month after the first such occurrence. 
Authorised Signatory means an officer of the Issuer or such other person appointed by the Issuer to act 
as authorised signatory and in respect of whom a certificate has been provided, signed by the Issuer 
setting out the name and signature of that person and confirming such person’s authority to sign. 
Cash means cash receivables of the Issuer pursuant to Section 31(2)(d) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
CNB means the Czech National Bank. 
CNB Decree means the Decree of the CNB No. 2/2019 Coll. of 21 December 2018 (in Czech, Vyhláška 
České národní banky č. 2/2019 Sb. ze dne 21. prosince 2018) implementing certain provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, as amended. 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance means the sum of the outstanding Adjusted 
Values of all Cover Assets, where the Adjusted Value is, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan;  
(b) 
each Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan does not fulfil requirements set 
out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act;  
(c) 
each CRR Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such CRR Mortgage Loan does not fulfil the 
applicable CRR requirements; and 
(d) 
each Mortgage Loan deemed to be zero if such Mortgage Loan is in default pursuant to Article 
178 of CRR, 
and when any Cover Asset is not denominated in Czech Koruna such balance shall be converted to its 
equivalent in Czech Koruna at the Relevant Exchange Rate. 
Cover Assets means the assets registered in the Cover Assets Register satisfying the Statutory Eligibility 
Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (if applicable for the particular Cover Asset). 
Cover Assets Register means a cover assets register for each Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. 
Cover Pool means a part of the assets of the Issuer, which is recorded separately and which is composed 
of assets satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set out in these Terms and Conditions to cover the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including, among other 
things, their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). 
CRR means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013, on 
Prudential Requirements for Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended. 
CRR Mortgage Loans mean the issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of 
the CRR. 
CRR PSB’s Receivables mean exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR.  
Czech Banking Act means Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act means the Czech Act No. 190/2004 Coll., on Bonds, as amended. 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans mean the Issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant to 
Section 31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Czech Capital Markets Act means the Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the 
Capital Market, as amended. 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act means the Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in 
the Capital Market Area and Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended. 
Czech Insolvency Act means the Czech Act No. 182/2006 Coll., on Insolvency and Method of its 
Resolution (Insolvency Act), as amended. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds means all instruments and securities issued by the Issuer as mortgage 
covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) pursuant to Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the 
Czech Bonds Act, whether issued under and governed by Czech or foreign law and whether issued under 
the Programme (as the Mortgage Covered Bonds), under the Local Bond Programme, under a programme 
yet to be established by the Issuer or on a standalone basis, which are then outstanding. 
Czech Property Valuation Act means the Act No. 151/1997 Coll., on property valuation, as amended. 
Dealer means UniCredit Bank AG, UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. and any other 
dealers appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together the Dealers). 
Dealer Agreement means the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 June 2021 and entered 
into between the Issuer as issuer, UniCredit Bank AG as arranger and dealer and UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s.as dealer. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool which is more than 90 days in 
arrears. 
Derivatives mean rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) of Section 
C of Annex I to MiFID II), provided that all the relevant conditions set out in Section 31 of the Czech 
Bonds Act are met. 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date means 30 June 2020. 
Issue Date means a date on which the Issuer issues Mortgage Covered Bonds under the Programme; 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement means the amended and restated issuing and paying agency 
agreement dated 24 June 2021 between the Issuer as issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
Local Bond Programmes means the (third) CZK100,000,000,000 domestic bond programme of the 
Issuer for the issuance of both (i) mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under 
Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds) and (ii) other bonds issued under Czech law in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the (second, 
inactive) CZK20,000,000,000 domestic bond programme with outstanding mortgage covered bonds (in 
Czech, hypoteční zástavní listy) under Czech law which satisfy the requirements of Section 28 et seq., 
Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act and the Previous CNB Decree (and thus falling within the 
definition of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds) and an inactive EUR5,000,000,000 domestic bond 
programme of the Issuer, acting through its branch in Slovakia, for the issuance of (i) mortgage covered 
bonds (in Slovak, hypotekárne záložné listy) under Slovak law which satisfy the requirements of Section 
14 et seq. of the Slovak Act No. 530/1990 Coll., on Bonds, as amended (the Slovak Bonds Act) and (ii) 
other bonds issued under Slovak law in accordance with the Slovak Bonds Act. 
Monthly Date means the first day of each month (or if such day is not an Asset Monitor Business Day, 
then the immediately following Asset Monitor Business Day). 
Mortgage Loans mean the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans and the CRR Mortgage Loans, included 
in the Cover Pool. 
Mortgaged Property means in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the real property pledged to secure the 
Mortgage Loan fulfilling all the relevant conditions set out in Sections 29 and 30 of the Czech Bonds 
Act.  
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws (including Section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act and the Czech 
Property Valuation Act) and the Issuer’s internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. Unless 
required by the applicable laws otherwise, the Mortgaged Property Value shall be calculated in relation 
to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech Koruna, the Czech Koruna 
equivalent of such amount ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at 
the relevant date and (ii) Czech Koruna, the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
Nominal Value means the sum of the outstanding principal balances and any accrued and unpaid interest 
relating to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, Mortgage Loans or any other debt or security as the case 
may be, calculated in relation to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech 
Koruna, by applying the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts and (ii) Czech Koruna, the 
applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
Potential Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination and/or request 
and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute 
an Event of Default. 
Previous CNB Decree means Decree of the CNB No. 164/2014 Coll. of 30 July 2014 (in Czech, 
Vyhláška České národní banky č. 164/2014 Sb., ze dne 30. července 2014) implementing certain 
provisions of the Czech Bonds Act, as replaced by the CNB Decree. 
Programme means the €7,000,000,000 Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of the Issuer. 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures mean CRR PSB’s Receivables together with all receivables set out 
in Section 31(2)(b) and (c) of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. and includes any successor to its rating 
business. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate 
available from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Czech Koruna on the Banking Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) 
if no such direct exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, 
the Issuer will use for conversions into Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
currencies (as available from the relevant central bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently 
converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate 
to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on the Banking Day before the relevant 
determination. 
Slovak Banking Act means Slovak Act No. 483/2001 Coll. on Banks, as amended. 
Statutory Tests means all the mandatory statutory tests required by the applicable law or regulations to 
be fulfilled by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or the Cover Pool, in particular the 
Czech Bonds Act, including those set out in Section 28a(1), (2) and (3) of the Czech Bonds Act.  
Statutory Eligibility Criteria means the statutory eligibility criteria for Cover Assets included in the 
Cover Pool as set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act and the CNB 
Decree, in particular Clause 31 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the First Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the Second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the First Person. 
Transaction Documents means:  
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the relevant set of the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement; and 
(d) 
the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. 
(5) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that 
Transaction Document or other agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, 
extended or restated; and 
(b) 
a legal act or provision of law is a reference to that legal act or provision of law as amended, 
replaced or re-enacted. 
(6) 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the Issuer is authorised to establish any additional Cover Pools in respect 
of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in the future. In such case, the then outstanding Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will remain covered by the Cover Pool existing on the Issue Date, as the same may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time. 
§ 8 
(Issuer Undertakings) 
(1) 
The Issuer covenants to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Statutory Tests and other relevant requirements set out in the applicable law or regulations, including the 
Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree. The Issuer covenants that it will perform such checks and reviews 
as are required on each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date to ensure that each 
Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool remains in compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria 
and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). To the extent that it is not in compliance with 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria it will make such substitutions in

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria. 
(2) 
The Issuer also covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance is an 
amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Value of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). 
(3) 
The Issuer will check that it complies with the Statutory Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test on 
each Asset Monitor Calculation Date and on each Issue Date and, to the extent that it is not in compliance, 
it will make such substitutions in the Cover Pool as are necessary to ensure compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Contractual Asset Cover Test. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual 
Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the 
Issuer shall not issue any Czech Covered Bonds, which have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover Pool. 
(4) 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to the Rating Agency (or another rating agency 
which has rated the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value 
of the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer 
with the Contractual Asset Cover Test.  
(5) 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Cover Pool meets 
the following contractual eligibility criteria to (collectively the Contractual Eligibility Criteria): 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
the Mortgaged Property is real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) or the respective land registry in the relevant 
jurisdiction; 
(c) 
the Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(d) 
the Mortgage Loans are performing and there are no payments in respect of such loans that are 
due and unpaid for more than 90 days; 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a maximum loan to value 
ratio of 100 per cent.; 
(f) 
the Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and 
(g) 
the Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes. 
(6) 
The Issuer also covenants that, as long as any of the Mortgage Covered Bonds remains outstanding, it 
will: 
(a) 
give notice to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders (in accordance with § 10) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent immediately on the occurrence of any Event of Default; 
(b) 
at all times keep and procure that its Subsidiaries keep, proper books of account; 
(c) 
maintain, at all times, its registered office in the Czech Republic and its authorisation under the 
Czech Banking Act to carry out its activity as a bank as well as all other authorisations and 
registrations required for the Programme under the laws and regulations of the Czech Republic 
(including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Capital 
Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) and it shall furnish the CNB with 
any and all documents that may be necessary in order to maintain such authorisations or 
registrations; 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Czech Republic (including, without limitation, the Czech Banking Act, the Czech Bonds Act,

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
the Czech Capital Market Act and the Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act) at such time and 
in such manner as required by such laws and regulations and, in particular, it shall comply in all 
material respects with all of its obligations under the CNB Decree and any other measure 
implementing the Czech Bonds Act in respect of mortgage covered bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), including, but not limited to, its obligations relating to administration of the 
Cover Assets Register and any other ongoing obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Czech 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool); 
(e) 
comply in all material respects with all of its obligations under the laws and regulations of the 
Slovak Republic (including, without limitation, the Slovak Banking Act) at such time and in 
such manner as required by such laws and regulations in respect of any Mortgage Loan governed 
by Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(f) 
publish, as soon as practicable after the time of issue thereof and in any event not later than 180 
days after the last day of each financial period of the Issuer, in the English language of each 
report and audited accounts for the relevant financial year/financial period (as appropriate) 
containing a balance sheet and profit and loss account report or other notice, statement or 
circular issued to the creditors of the Issuer; 
(g) 
publish, at the time of publication of its report and accounts pursuant to paragraph (f) above, a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer certifying that, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, (a) during the period between the date as of 
which the last certificate was given (or, in case of the first such certificate, the date hereof) and 
the date as of which such certificate is given, the Issuer has complied with its material 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents or (if such is not the case) giving details of the circumstances 
of such non-compliance and (b) without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph (g) and 
paragraph (f) above, there did not exist as at a date not more than 10 days prior to the date of 
delivery of the certificate, on the part of the Issuer, any Event of Default or Potential Event of 
Default (as applicable) or, if any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as applicable) 
exists, giving details of the same; 
(h) 
provide any Mortgage Covered Bondholder, upon its written request, with any report prepared 
by the Asset Monitor pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(i) 
not amend, vary, novate, supplement or waive any term of the Asset Monitor Agreement, except 
for: 
(i) 
changes of administrative nature or corrections of manifest errors; 
(ii) 
changes necessary to reflect consequences of a change in, or a change in interpretation 
of, the applicable law or regulations, including the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree 
and the CRR; or  
(iii) 
changes that are not materially adverse to the interests of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders.  
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to declare its Mortgage Covered Bonds due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, if any one or more of the 
following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
non-payment of any payment obligations by the Issuer under or in connection with the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which lasts for more than 10 (ten) Banking Days from the date when such 
obligations became due;

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with, perform or observe any of its other Significant Obligations and 
(except, in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such failure continues and remains 
unremedied for the period of 45 (forty five) calendar days following the service by any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
(c) 
for the purposes of (b) above, Significant Obligations means any material obligations of the 
Issuer as set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Asset Monitor Agreement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test would not be a breach of a 
Significant Obligation for the purposes of (b) above; or 
(d) 
the Issuer fails to comply with the Statutory Tests for a period longer than three months. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of 
Default. However, whilst such breach is continuing the Issuer must not issue any Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds which have the benefit of the Cover Pool. 
The right to declare the Mortgage Covered Bonds due and payable shall terminate if the relevant event 
of default has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(2) 
Any notice declaring the Mortgage Covered Bonds due pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be made by means 
of a notice in text form by the Mortgage Covered Bondholder to be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent by hand or registered mail together with sufficiently conclusive proof that such Mortgage Covered 
Bondholder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. The Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall fall and payable due upon receipt of the notice by the Principal Paying Agent. The 
Principal Paying Agent shall promptly forward the notice to the Issuer without further examination. 
§ 10 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a Stock Exchange insert: 
(1) 
Publication.  
 
[If notices may not be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange, 
insert: 
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be published in the Federal Gazette (in 
German, Bundesanzeiger) [and]  
[If the publication is legally required to be made additionally in a newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany, insert:, to the extent legally required in one newspaper authorised by the Stock 
Exchanges in Germany (in German, Börsenpflichtblatt). This newspaper is expected to be [insert 
newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchange].] [If publication in this newspaper is no longer possible, 
the notices shall be published in another newspaper authorised by the Stock Exchanges in Germany (in 
German, Börsenpflichtblatt).] 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).] 
 
[If notices may be given by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant Stock Exchange, insert:
All notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be made [additionally] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet 
address]). Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the first of such 
publications).]]

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
[(2)] 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted, insert:  
The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] 
[insert other financial centre] Banking Day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are listed on a stock exchange, insert:  
The Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders, provided that, the rules of the Stock Exchange on which Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders on the fourth [TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking Day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of a TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: TARGET2 Banking Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which TARGET2 is operational.]  
[In the case of a non-TARGET2 Banking Day, insert: [London] [insert other financial centre] Banking 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [London] [insert other financial 
centre]].] 
§ 11 
(Repurchase) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds in the market or otherwise and at 
any price. Mortgage Covered Bonds repurchased by the Issuer may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be held, resold or 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation. 
§ 12 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph (1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) is reduced 
to ten years for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
§ 13 
(Partial Invalidity) 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds be or become invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions are not affected thereby. Any gap arising as a result 
of invalidity or unenforceability of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds is to be filled 
with a provision that corresponds to the meaning and intent of these Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and is in the interest of the parties.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
§ 14 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction, Language) 
(1) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Issuer and 
the Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds, although otherwise governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, will be subject to and will benefit from those provisions of the 
Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree, the Czech Insolvency Act and any other provisions of Czech law 
applicable to or relevant for the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds will need to satisfy requirements of Sections 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds Act 
and the Cover Pool and its maintenance will be governed by Czech law. Also, Section 375 of the Czech 
Insolvency Act and other relevant provisions of the Czech Insolvency Act will apply to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool in the case of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. 
(3) 
The Cover Pool will be subject to and will benefit from, in respect of Mortgage Loans governed by 
Slovak law comprised in the Cover Pool, those provisions of the Slovak Banking Act and any other 
provisions of Slovak law applicable to or relevant for the Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage. 
(4) 
To the extent permitted by law, all legal disputes arising from or in connection with the matters governed 
by the terms and conditions of these Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be brought before the court in 
Munich. 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and an English language 
translation will be provided: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language. An English language translation is 
attached. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The English language translation is provided 
for convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and a German language 
translation will be provided.] 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language. A German language translation is 
attached. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.] 
[Insert if the Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language: 
(5) 
These Terms and Conditions are written only in the English language.] 
§ 15 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
(1) 
§§ 5 et seq. of the German Bond Act (in German, Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (the SchVG)), shall be applicable in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds. Thus, 
the Issuer may amend these Terms and Conditions with consent by majority resolution of the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders.  
(2) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may in particular agree by majority resolution to the following: 
(a) 
a change of the due date for payment of interest, the reduction or the cancellation of interest; 
(b) 
a change of the due date for payment of principal; 
(c) 
a reduction of principal; 
(d) 
a subordination of claims arising from the Mortgage Covered Bonds in insolvency proceedings 
of the Issuer;

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(e) 
a conversion of the Mortgage Covered Bonds into, or the exchange of the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds for, shares, other securities or obligations; 
(f) 
an exchange or release of security; 
(g) 
a change of the currency of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
a waiver or restriction of Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ termination rights under the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds; 
(i) 
an amendment or a rescission of ancillary provisions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds; and 
(j) 
an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders. 
No obligation to make any payment or to render any other performance shall be imposed on any 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder by majority resolution. 
(3) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall pass resolutions by vote taken [in a bondholders’ 
meeting][without a physical meeting pursuant to § 18 SchVG]. 
A meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be called for by the Issuer or the Common 
Representative (as defined in paragraph (8) below). Pursuant to § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG in connection 
with § 18 SchVG, a meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders must be called if Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders holding Mortgage Covered Bonds amounting to 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Covered Bonds request so, in writing, with reference to one of the reasons set 
out in § 9 (1) sent. (1) SchVG. 
(4) 
Except as provided in the following sentence and provided that the requisite quorum is present, a 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders will be passed by simple majority of the rights to vote 
participating in the vote. 
In the cases of this § 15 (2) items (a) through (i), in order to be passed, resolutions require a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the rights to vote participating in the vote. 
(5) 
Each Mortgage Covered Bondholder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional fraction of its entitlement to the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As long as the entitlement to the Mortgage Covered Bonds lies with, or the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
are held for the account of, the Issuer or any of its affiliates (§ 271 (2) of the German Commercial Code 
(in German, Handelsgesetzbuch)), the right to vote in respect of such Mortgage Covered Bonds shall be 
suspended. The Issuer may not transfer Mortgage Covered Bonds, of which the voting rights are so 
suspended, to another person for the purpose of exercising such voting rights in the place of the Issuer; 
this shall also apply to any affiliate of the Issuer. No person shall be permitted to exercise such voting 
right for the purpose stipulated in sent. (3), first half sentence, herein above. 
(6) 
Binding Effect: Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical conditions for all Mortgage Covered Bondholders are void, unless 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(7) 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote at the time 
of voting by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian (as defined below) and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian for the benefit of the Principal Paying Agent for the voting period. 
The statement issued by the Custodian must 
(a) 
indicate the full name and address of the Mortgage Covered Bondholder; 
(b) 
specify the aggregate principal amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
(c) 
confirm that the Custodian has given a written notice to the Clearing System and the Principal 
Paying Agent containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) as well as confirmations by the 
Clearing System. 
Custodian means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Mortgage Covered Bondholder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds including the Clearing System. 
(8) 
The Mortgage Covered Bondholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
Common Representative) to exercise the Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ rights on behalf of each 
Mortgage Covered Bondholder. Any natural person having legal capacity or any qualified legal person 
may act as Common Representative. Any person who: 
(a) 
is a member of the management board, the supervisory board, the board of directors or any 
similar body, or an officer or employee, of the Issuer or any of its affiliates; 
(b) 
holds an interest of at least 20 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer or of any of its affiliates; 
(c) 
is a financial creditor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, holding a claim in the amount of at 
least 20 per cent. of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds, or is a member of a corporate 
body, an officer or other employee of such financial creditor; or 
(d) 
is subject to the control of any of the persons set forth in numbers (i) to (iii) above by reason of 
a special personal relationship with such person 
must disclose the relevant circumstances to the Mortgage Covered Bondholders prior to being appointed 
as a Common Representative. If any such circumstances arise after the appointment of a Common 
Representative, the Common Representative shall inform the Mortgage Covered Bondholders promptly 
in appropriate form and manner. 
(9) 
The Common Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. The Common Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. To the extent that the Common Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders, the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant majority resolution. The Common Representative shall provide reports to the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders on its activities. 
(10) 
The Common Representative shall be liable for the performance of its duties towards the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders who shall be joint and several creditors (in German, Gesamtgläubiger); in the 
performance of its duties it shall act with the diligence and care of a prudent business manager. [If the 
liability of the Common Representative may be limited by resolution of the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited by a resolution passed 
by the Mortgage Covered Bondholders.][If the liability of the Common Representative may be limited 
to a fixed amount, insert: The liability of the Common Representative may be limited to [[insert amount] 
times its annual remuneration] [insert amount].] The Mortgage Covered Bondholders shall decide upon 
the assertion of claims for compensation of the Mortgage Covered Bondholders against the Common 
Representative. 
(11) 
The Common Representative may be removed from office at any time by the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders without specifying any reasons. The Common Representative may request all information 
required for the performance of the duties entrusted to it from the Issuer. The Issuer shall bear the costs 
and expenses arising from the appointment of a Common Representative, including reasonable 
remuneration of the Common Representative.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
IV. Form of Final Terms  
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Terms used in the final terms below (the Final Terms) shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of 
the [Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set forth in the Base Prospectus (and the Supplements 
thereto, if any)] [applicable Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds set out on pages 140-160 and 
on pages 161-194 and 195-212 of the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 
2020 in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus] (the Terms and 
Conditions).  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Mortgage Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Mortgage Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].[Insert 
further details on target market, client categories etc.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Mortgage Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS)[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Mortgage Covered Bonds are appropriate [including

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Mortgage Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.][Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
The Final Terms are divided into a “Part I” and a “Part II”. 
In Part I of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions will be completed and specified by the information 
contained in Part I as follows: 
(a) 
In the case of “Type A” Final Terms, the following applies:  
The completed and specified provisions of the relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions 
represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions). 
(b) 
In the case of “Type B” Final Terms, the following applies:  
The relevant Option I, II or III of the Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to be read 
together with, Part I of these Final Terms represents the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Conditions). 
Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the relevant set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Covered Bonds set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II and Option III. Capitalised 
terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information was inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions which are not selected and not completed by the information contained in the Final Terms 
shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
Part II of the Final Terms contains all other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and Conditions 
and which apply to all Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Final Terms 
dated [●] 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Legal Entity Identifier: KR6LSKV3BTSJRD41IF75 
Issue of [Title of the Mortgage Covered Bonds] 
(the Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. [insert information with regard to accrued interest in case of an increase of Mortgage 
Covered Bonds] 
Series number [●] 
Tranche number [●] 
Trade Date: [●] 
[(to be consolidated and form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds] issued on [●])] 
under the 
EUR7.000.000.000 
Mortgage Covered Bond Programme of 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Mortgage Covered Bondsdescribed herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 para. 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Regulation), in connection with the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. In order to get full information, the Final Terms are to 
be read together with the information contained in (a) the base prospectus dated [●] 2021 (the Base Prospectus) 
and (b) any supplements to the Base Prospectus according to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
Supplements). 
The aforementioned documents are available on the website www.unicreditbank.cz, section “Debt Investor 
Relations”, sub-section “UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €5 bln Covered Bond 
Programme”. 
[These Final Terms are to be read together with the Base Prospectus and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in the base prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020 
in respect of the Programme, as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.]16 
 
                                                     
16 Insert in the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds which were issued under the base prospectus for the issuance of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Part I 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I to Option III including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders (“Type A” Final 
Terms), the following paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the English language version. [A non-
binding German language translation thereof will be provided together with the English language version.]] 
[The applicable and legally binding Conditions are set out in the German language version. [A non-binding 
English language translation thereof will be provided together with the German language version.]] 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds replicate the relevant provisions of Option III 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bondswhich were issued under the base 
prospectus for the issuance of Mortgage Covered Bonds dated 4 June 2020, insert relevant Terms and 
Conditions as incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus and complete relevant placeholders] 
[In the case of “Type B” Final Terms, the following table shall be completed in accordance with the 
specifications of the relevant issue of [Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds] [Floating Rate Mortgage 
Covered Bonds] [Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds]: 
 
§ 1 
Series, Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds, Issuance of Additional Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Issue Date: 
[insert Issue Date] 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro (EUR)] [insert Specified Currency] 
CRR Compliant: 
[Yes] [No] 
Application of tax gross-up obligation § 6): 
[Yes] [No] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] [insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Series] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[insert Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
Specified Denomination: 
[insert Specified Denomination] 
Form of Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
 
  
Temporary Global Note – Exchange 
(TEFRA D) 
 
  
Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C)

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
  
Permanent Global Note (neither TEFRA D nor 
TEFRA C Rules) 
 
Clearing System: 
 
  
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
Luxembourg 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 
D-65760 Eschborn 
 
 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
 
  
Classical Global Note 
 
  
New Global Note 
 
§ 2 
Interest 
Option I: Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Interest Rate: 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[insert percentage] 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[insert percentage] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] up to 
and including the Maturity Date]17 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each month] up to 
and including the Extended Maturity Date / specify 
other]18 
[Interest Payment Dates and relating Interest Rate: 
Interest Payment Dates 
relating Interest Rate 
                                                     
17 Only applicable for Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
18 Only applicable for Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
[insert Interest Payment 
Dates] 
 
[insert relating Interest 
Rate]]19 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[insert First Interest Payment Date] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) (in 
the case of a first [short][long] coupon): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal Amount 
of [Series][Tranche]) (in the case of a first [short][long] 
coupon): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Final Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination) (in 
the case of a last [short][long] coupon): 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Final Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal Amount 
of [Series][Tranche]) (in the case of a last [short][long] 
coupon): 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert Final Broken Amount] [Not applicable] 
Option II: Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds 
 
[Interest Commencement Date: 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] 
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Specified Interest Payment Date(s) during the Fixed 
Interest Term: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each 
year]]20 
  
specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
  
From Maturity Date up to  Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each year] 
  
specified Interest Period(s): 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
  
From Maturity Date up to  Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] 
                                                     
19 Only applicable for Step-up or Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
20 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]]21 
[First Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating 
Interest Term: 
[insert first Interest Payment Date falling into the 
Floating Interest Term]]22 
[Interest Rate for the Fixed Interest Term: 
[insert percentage] per cent. per annum 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified Denomination): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]23 
Initial Broken Amount (per Aggregate Principal Amount 
of [Series][Tranche]): 
[insert Initial Broken Amount][Not applicable]]24 
  
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
 
  
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to the [Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (Euribor)®] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] [€STR®] 
[Prague Interbank Offered Rate (Pribor)] 
 
  
Euribor (Brussels time / TARGET2 Banking 
Day / Interbank market in the Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)] [●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
  
SONIA (London time / London Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of London Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
  
SOFR (New York time / US Government 
Securities Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of US Government Securities Banking 
Days “p” 
[●] 
  
€STR (Brussels time / TARGET2 Banking 
Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of TARGET2 Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
                                                     
21 Insert only in the case of a first long/short coupon. 
22 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
23 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
24 Only applicable for Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
  
Pribor (Prague time / Prague Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of Prague Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.] 
  
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to a Constant Maturity Swap 
Rate: 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor 
screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
Number of quotations from Reference Banks: 
 
[insert number of quotations] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
plus 
 
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [other number of days] 
[TARGET2] [London] [other financial centre (specify)] 
Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of 
the relevant Interest Period 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
 
  
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to the [Euro Interbank Offered

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Rate (Euribor)®] [SONIA®] [SOFR®] 
[€STR®] [Prague Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] 
  
Euribor (Brussels time / TARGET2 Banking 
Day / Interbank market in the Euro-Zone) 
[insert term(s)] [●] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or any successor 
screen page 
  
SONIA (London time / London Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of London Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
  
SOFR (New York time / US Government 
Securities Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of US Government Securities Banking 
Days “p” 
[●] 
  
€STR (Brussels time / TARGET2 Banking 
Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of TARGET2 Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
  
Pribor (Prague time / Prague Banking Day) 
 
Screen page: 
[●] 
Calculation by: 
[Calculation Agent] [●] 
Number of Prague Banking Days “p” 
[●] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Interpolation: 
[Yes] [No] [with regard to the [short][long] first 
coupon] [with regard to the last short coupon] 
 
[Linear interpolation between the [insert number] month 
[Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate and the [insert 
number] month [Euribor] [Pribor] offered rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m., [If the 
Reference Rate is Euribor, insert: Brussels] [If the 
Reference Rate is Pribor, insert: Prague] time.]

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
  
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds where 
interest is linked to a Constant Maturity Swap 
Rate: 
 
Number of years: 
[insert number of years] 
Screen page: 
Reuters screen page [ICESWAP1 or any successor 
screen page] [ICESWAP2 or any successor screen page] 
Number of quotations from Reference Banks: 
 
[insert number of quotations] 
Reference Rate Time: 
[insert Reference Rate Time] 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable 
following 
a 
Discontinuation Event: 
[Interest Rate applicable to preceding Interest Period] 
[offered quotation or arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations] [insert Interest Rate] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
  
plus 
 
  
minus 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[second] [first] [last] [other number of days] 
[TARGET2] [London] [other financial centre (specify)] 
Banking Day [prior to the] [commencement][expiry] of 
the relevant Interest Period 
  
ISDA Determination: 
 
To Maturity Date: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable] 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
  
plus 
 
  
minus 
 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended Maturity 
Date: 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[insert Floating Rate Option] 
Designated Maturity: 
[insert period from/to] 
Reset Date: 
[insert Reset Date] [Not applicable]

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
Factor: 
[insert factor] [Not applicable] 
Margin: 
[[insert margin] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
  
plus 
 
  
minus 
 
[Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Interest Rate: 
 
  
Minimum Interest Rate: 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum] 
  
Maximum Interest Rate: 
 
  
To Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
  
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[[insert percentage] per cent. per annum]] 
Day Count Fraction:25 
 
  
Actual/Actual (ICMA)26 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] [Fictive Interest Payment Date: [insert 
Fictive Interest Payment Date]]27 
  
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
  
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
  
Actual/360 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
  
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis28 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
  
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis29 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2000)30 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
                                                     
25 In the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds, only applicable if default interest on the Redemption Amount/Optional Redemption 
Amount accrues in accordance with the Amortisation Yield or for the calculation of the Early Redemption Amount. 
26 If interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a suitable 
fixed rate Day Count Fraction 
27 Insert in the case of a long/short first/last Calculation Period. 
28 Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
29 Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
30 Not applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis (ISDA 2006)31 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
  
30E/360 (ISDA) 
[For the [Fixed Interest Term] [and the] [Floating 
Interest Term]] 
§ 3 
Maturity, Redemption Amount[, Redemption for tax reasons, Redemption due to illegality or invalidity, 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option), Extended Maturity Date] 
Maturity Date: 
[insert maturity date] 
[the Interest Payment Date (as defined above) falling in 
[insert month] of [insert year]] 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The extended maturity date is [●].] 
[Redemption Amount: 
 
  
Specified Denomination 
 
  
Other amount 
[insert amount] per Specified Denomination]32 
Optional Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option): 
 
[Yes] [No] 
[Call Date(s): 
[insert Call Date(s)][of each year, commencing on 
[insert date]] 
Right to redeem the Mortgage Covered Bonds in part: 
[Yes] [No] 
Notice period: 
[insert number (at least 5 Banking Days)][Banking 
Days][months] 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
 
  
Specified Denomination 
 
  
Other amount 
[insert Optional Redemption Amount(s) which may not 
be lower than the principal amount/issue price]] 
[Accrual of default interest on the Redemption Amount 
[and the Optional Redemption Amount] on the basis 
of:33 
 
  
Amortisation Yield 
Reference Rate: [insert Reference Rate] 
Amortisation Yield: [insert Amortisation Yield] 
  
default interest rate established by law] 
 
                                                     
31 Only applicable in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds and if ISDA 2006 Definitions 
shall be applicable 
32 Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds. Such Redemption Amount may not be less than the Specified 
Denomination of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
33 Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Redemption for tax reasons (§ 3(2)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Notice 
period 
for 
condition 
[§ 3(2)] 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of default 
[●] 
  
[Amortisation Yield: 
Reference Price: [insert Reference Price] 
Amortisation Yield: [insert Amortisation Yield]]34 
§ 4 
Payments 
Rounding of payable amounts: 
[upwards][always downwards] 
Dual currency Mortgage Covered Bonds: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Currency for settlement: 
[insert currency] 
 
[The conversion of the amounts payable in [Euro] 
[insert other currency] is effected [at the Settlement 
Rate] [●]] 
 
[At least [EUR] [Insert other currency] [0.001] [Insert 
other unit] per [Specified Denomination] [for the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] will be paid] 
Settlement Rate: 
[insert] [Calculated on the basis of [first exchange rate] 
(expressed a a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] 
[insert currency]) multiplied by [second exchange rate] 
(expressed a a number of [insert currency] per [one][●] 
[insert currency])] 
First Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Second Exchange Rate: 
[insert], Screen Page: [insert], 
Fixing Sponsor: [insert] 
Rate Calculation Date: 
[insert] [[second] Banking Day before [insert]] 
Bank Working Day: 
[TARGET 2] [[insert financial centre] and [insert 
financial centre]] 
Time: 
[insert] 
Time Zone: 
[insert]] 
Business Day Convention: 
 
  
Following Business Day Convention 
 
                                                     
34 Only applicable in the case of Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
  
Floating Rate Convention35 
[[insert number] months] [insert other specified periods] 
  
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
  
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Adjustment: 
[Yes] [No] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centres] 
§ 5 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Calculation Agent 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] 
[insert other Principal Paying Agent] 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[as of [insert date]] [insert additional Paying Agent(s)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom] 
[insert other Calculation Agent] 
[Not applicable]] 
§ 10 
Notices 
[Notices may be given by means of electronic 
publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange:36 
[Yes] [No] 
Newspaper authorised by the stock exchange 
[insert newspaper authorised by the stock exchange] 
[Not applicable] 
Publication in another authorised newspaper if no longer 
possible: 
[Yes] [No] 
Website: 
[insert name of stock exchange] [insert website] [Not 
applicable]] 
Banking Day: 
[TARGET2] [London] [insert other financial centres] 
§ 14 
Language 
Language of Terms and Conditions: 
 
                                                     
35 Only applicable in the case of Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
36 Only applicable if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
  
English and German (English binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the German 
language will not be part of these Final Terms.) 
 
  
German and English (German binding) 
(Whereas the translation into the German 
language will not be part of these Final Terms.) 
  
only English] 
 
§ 15 
(Amendments to the Terms and Conditions) 
Meeting of Mortgage Covered Bondholders: 
 
  
with a physical meeting 
 
  
without a physical meeting 
 
Limited liability of the common representative of the 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders: 
[limited to [insert amount]-times of the annual 
retribution of the common representative] [insert 
amount] [Not applicable]]]

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Part II 
Material Information 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue/offer 
[specify if different from the interest as set out in the Base 
Prospectus, if any] 
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds 
[as set out in the Base Prospectus] [Green Mortgage 
Covered Bonds – specify details in accordance with the 
Sustainability Bond Framework] [Social Mortgage Covered 
Bonds – specify details in accordance with the Sustainability 
Bond Framework][Sustainability Mortgage Covered Bonds 
– specify details in accordance with the Sustainability Bond 
Framework] 
Classical Global Note or New Global Note: 
  
Classical Global Note 
 
 Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow ECB eligibility 
 
  
New Global Note 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
ECB eligibility: 
[Yes. Note the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds are capable of meeting them may then be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Preliminary Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
[Preliminary ISIN Code: 
[●]]

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●] 
[Preliminary German Securities Code (WKN): 
[●]] 
[CFI Code: 
[●]] 
[FISN: 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
[●]] 
[Any other preliminary securities number: 
[●]] 
Yield 
 
Yield on issue price: 
[[insert percentage] % per annum.]37 
[Not applicable. The yield of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
cannot be calculated [as of the issue date].] 
Method of Distribution 
 
  
Non-Syndicated 
 
  
Syndicated 
 
Management Details 
 
Dealer/Management Group: 
[insert name]  
Commissions 
 
[Management/Underwriting Commission:38 
[Not applicable] [specify details]  
[Selling Concession37: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Listing Commission: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[Not applicable] [specify details]] 
Stabilising Manager:  
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes] [No]  
  
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
  
Regulated Market 
 
  
EuroMTF 
 
  
Other:  
[●] 
                                                     
37 Only applicable for Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds.  
38 There is no requirement to set out information on Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession in the case the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
  
Rating39 
[specify rating] [specify meaning of the rating] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).]  
[The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working 
days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission 
shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Amounts payable under the Mortgage Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR®, which is 
currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [CMS, which is currently provided by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA)] [SONIA®, which is currently provided by the Bank of England] 
[SOFR®, which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [€STR®, which is currently 
provided by the European Central Bank] [PRIBOR, which is currently provided by Czech Financial Benchmark 
Facility s.r.o.] [OTHER, which is currently provided by [insert administrator]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[EMMI] [IBA] [the Bank of England] [the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [Czech Financial Benchmark 
Facility s.r.o.] [insert administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation).] 
 
[UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
___________________________________ 
 
[Name]] 
 
 
                                                     
39 Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Mortgage Covered Bonds, if any.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CZECH AND SLOVAK LEGISLATION RELATING TO 
MORTGAGE COVERED BONDS 
1. 
CZECH LEGISLATION 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Czech law governing the 
issuance of the Mortgage Covered Bonds as Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (in Czech, hypoteční 
zástavní listy), as at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Czech legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds as Czech covered bonds comprises (i) Section 28 et seq., Part 2, Clause III of the Czech Bonds 
Act; (ii) the CNB Decree; and (iii) Section 375 as well as some other provisions of the Czech Insolvency 
Act. 
2. 
CZECH COVERED BOND LEGISLATION 
In accordance with Section 28(1) of the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech covered bonds (in Czech, kryté 
dluhopisy) are either (i) bonds; or (ii) similar debt securities representing a right for repayment of an 
owed amount which are issued under and governed by a foreign law. 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds represent a sub-category of the Czech covered bonds which terms and 
conditions of which stipulate that the aggregate value of (i) issuer’s mortgage loan receivables pursuant 
to Section 31(2)(a) of the Czech Bonds Act (the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans), or (ii) issuer’s 
mortgage loan receivables pursuant to Article 129(1)(d)-(f) of the CRR (the CRR Mortgage Loans and 
together with the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans as the Mortgage Loans) included in the Cover Pool 
(as defined below) must be equal to at least 85 % of the aggregate value of all the debts covered by the 
relevant Cover Pool. Only the Czech Mortgage Covered Bond may bear the designation “hypoteční 
zástavní list” or any other designation expressing the same meaning in another language (e.g. mortgage 
covered bond) to be recognised as such under the Czech Bonds Act, the CNB Decree and the Czech 
Insolvency Act. Other securities are prohibited from using this designation. 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (as well as other covered bonds) may 
only be issued by a bank with its seat in the Czech Republic which holds a Czech banking licence granted 
by the CNB in accordance with Czech Act No. 21/1992 Coll., the Act on Banks, as amended (the Czech 
Banking Act). Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank is defined as a legal entity which is established as 
a joint-stock company that may accept deposits from the public and grant loans in accordance with its 
banking licence. The banking licence may also enumerate other activities which are permitted for the 
particular bank. Under Czech law, no specific licence or authorisation is required for the issuance of any 
Czech covered bonds. 
The Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and thus the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer, then outstanding and benefiting from the same Cover Pool (the Issuer may, at its sole discretion, 
create multiple Cover Pools) and with other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same 
priority as the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer becomes insolvent, claims of the holders of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may be 
satisfied either from: (i) the Cover Pool; or (ii) any other (general) assets of the Issuer, subject to specific 
provisions of the Czech insolvency law (see section 9 Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool below). 
The Cover Pool is a ring-fenced pool of: (A) assets registered in the cover assets register, identified and 
designated by the Issuer to constitute cover in respect of: (i) the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds that the 
Issuer has either issued or, in the case of multiple existing issues, determined (and which are outstanding, 
i.e. in circulation, which are owned by a person other than the Issuer or which are owned by the Issuer 
and have been provided to another person as a security or collateral); and (ii) certain other debts of the 
Issuer; and (B) also other assets (accessory assets) which belong to that Cover Pool by the operation of 
law, i.e. without the need of their registration to the cover assets register (the Cover Pool). The respective 
Cover Pool is created upon registration of at least one asset satisfying the relevant eligibility criteria set 
out in the Czech Bonds Act in a cover assets register, which is maintained separately in respect of each 
Cover Pool (if multiple Cover Pools are created) (the Cover Assets Register). From the moment of 
registration of an eligible asset in the Cover Assets Register, such an asset becomes a cover asset (the

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
Cover Asset) (particular Cover Assets are described in detail in section The Cover Pool – Composition 
of Assets and Statutory Tests) and cannot be transferred, pledged or otherwise used as a security. 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer is required to maintain at least one Cover Pool for the benefit 
of all debts that it covers. However, the Issuer may create multiple Cover Pools for the benefit of 
individual or specified multiple issuances or series of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, at its sole 
discretion. If this is the case, the Issuer must also determine which debts are to be covered by each Cover 
Pool, whereas if the Issuer has created only one Cover Pool, such determination is not required. 
Moreover, in case a creditor enforces claims against the Issuer through judicial enforcement pursuant to 
the Civil Procedure Code or through an executor pursuant to the Czech Act No. 120/2001 Coll on Court-
Appointed Distrainers and Distraining Activities, as amended (the Execution Code), pursuant to Section 
267b of the Czech Civil Procedure Code and Section 52 of the Execution Code, the Cover Assets cannot 
be used in enforcement to fulfil other debts than those debts which are covered by the same Cover Pool. 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the legal title to any Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool continues to 
be held by the Issuer and such assets remain on the balance sheet of the Issuer. However, the Cover 
Assets must not be transferred, mortgaged or otherwise used as security.  
The Issuer must continuously monitor the eligibility of the Cover Assets. The Issuer must remove from 
the Cover Assets Register such Cover Assets which no longer satisfy the legal requirements (eligibility 
criteria) from the Cover Pool and substitute them with other eligible assets to the extent required. 
However, the Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), if and once appointed, has no such duty.  
Pursuant to Section 375 of the Insolvency Act the Cover Pool does not form a part of the insolvency 
estate of the Issuer. This means that the Cover Pool is to be managed separately from the insolvency 
proceedings applicable to an insolvency estate of the Issuer (i.e. on a bankruptcy remote basis) (for 
further details, please see section 9 Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool below). 
In addition, pursuant to Section 337c(1)(c) of the Civil Procedure Code, the receivables under the 
Mortgage Loans, which are included in the Cover Pool covering the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds in 
circulation, will be satisfied in priority to any claims of all other creditors of the borrowers of those 
Mortgage Loans and any claims of all other mortgagees in respect of the Mortgaged Property (as defined 
below) securing those Mortgage Loans from the proceeds of the liquidation of the Mortgaged Property 
following only deduction of the costs of the state of the Czech Republic arising in connection with the 
foreclosure auctions and, if applicable, the deduction of the costs relating to the administration of the 
building and the land that are due from the owner of the Mortgaged Property, which is a unit situated 
within that building, up to the amount of one-tenth of the proceeds of the sale of such Mortgaged 
Property. This means that the Issuer’s receivables from the Mortgage Loans will have priority rights with 
respect to any cash flows from any enforcement or foreclosure proceedings in respect of the Mortgaged 
Property securing the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool (up to the amount in which the 
Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Pool) vis-à-vis any other creditors including the Issuer’s 
creditors. 
3. 
COVER ASSETS AND STATUTORY COVER TESTS 
Cover Assets 
Pursuant to the Czech Bonds Act, only the following types of assets (the Eligible Assets) may be 
registered in the Cover Assets Register: 
(a) 
CRR Mortgage Loans and other assets set out in Articles 129(1) and (2) of the CRR (while any 
Derivative (as defined below) must comply with requirements under point (e) below); 
(b) 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans; 
(c) 
(i) receivables against a member state of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (the OECD) or the central bank of such a state or a multilateral development bank 
or international organisation whose member is a member state of the OECD; (ii) receivables 
guaranteed by a member state of the OECD or the central bank of such a state or a multilateral 
development bank or international organisation whose member is a member state of the OECD; 
or (iii) exposures pursuant to Article 129(1)(a) or (b) of the CRR (the CRR PSB’s Receivables) 
and together with the assets under subparagraphs (i) and (ii) also referred to as the PSB’s 
Receivables and Exposures).

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
(d) 
cash of the Issuer held on an account kept by a person set out in Section 72(2) of the Act No. 
240/2013 Coll., on Investment Companies and Investment Funds, as amended (the Cash); and 
(e) 
rights arising out of a derivative in accordance with Section 2 point 5 of the Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council, on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories (i.e. a financial instrument as set out in points (4) to (10) 
of Section C of Annex I to MiFID II (the Derivative), provided that the following cumulative 
conditions are met: (i) the purpose of the Derivative is to hedge against the risks related to Cover 
Assets included in the Cover Pool or the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, (ii) from the terms 
under which the derivative contract was concluded, it is clear that it relates to the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds, (iii) the terms of the Derivative provide that insolvency (in Czech, 
platební neschopnost) of an Issuer or a crisis resolution (in Czech, řešení krize) or similar 
measure in respect of an Issuer does not constitute an event of default or a termination or similar 
event which could lead to early termination of the Derivative; and (iv) the Issuer’s counterparty 
to the Derivative has granted its prior consent with registration of the Derivative in the Cover 
Assets Register (while the same applies also to removal of the Derivative from the Cover Assets 
Register). 
The Cover Pool also includes the following assets that are part of the Cover Pool by operation of law 
without a need of their registration in the Cover Assets Register (each being the Accessory Asset): 
(a) 
rights from a security provided in relation to any Cover Asset included in the Cover Pool, rights 
from mortgages over real property in relation to the Mortgage Loans in particular; 
(b) 
rights from agreements entered into in relation to any Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(particularly the rights from any insurance arrangements);  
(c) 
an asset provided (posted) as collateral or other security in respect of the Derivative;  
(d) 
rights from agreements concluded in relation to the administration of the Covered Block (as 
defined below) whose part is the Cover Pool; and  
(e) 
from the moment of appointment of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), cash 
accepted as payment for the repayment of a debt arising from a Cover Asset that is included in 
the Cover Pool or in direct connection with such Cover Asset. 
Statutory Cover Tests 
First, the aggregate nominal value of all the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool must represent at 
least 102 % of the aggregate value of all debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool, i.e. resulting in a 
minimum 2% statutory over-collateralisation (the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test). The terms and 
conditions of the respective Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds may set a higher over-collateralisation 
level. 
Secondly, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in the Cover Pool has to represent at least 85 % of the 
aggregate value of the debts covered by the relevant Cover Pool, whereas only the Mortgage Loans may 
be used to fulfil this limit in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Statutory 85 % Test) 
and together with the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test as the Statutory Cover Tests).  
The Issuer must (i) ensure that the Statutory Cover Tests are constantly complied with and (ii) within 25 
days after the end of each calendar quarter inform the CNB on whether and how the Issuer meets its 
duties under Section 28c of the Czech Bonds Act (including, but not limited to, compliance with the 
Statutory Cover Tests and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test (as defined below)). 
Mortgage Loans 
The nominal value of each Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loan may not exceed 100 % of the value of the 
Mortgaged Property (as described below in section 4 Valuations of the Mortgaged Property) (the 
Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test). However, this requirement does not operate as a strict 
eligibility criterion. Therefore, to the extent the nominal value of an individual Czech Bonds Act 
Mortgage Loan exceeds such limit (and only to that extent), it is disregarded for the purpose of 
calculating the Statutory Cover Tests. For the CRR Mortgage Loans, specific collateral value tests, as set 
out in the CRR, will apply.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
For a Mortgage Loan to be eligible to be included in the Cover Pool it must be secured by way of a 
legally perfected first ranked mortgage in favour of the Issuer over real property (subject to the exceptions 
below) (including real property under construction) located in the Czech Republic, any other member 
state of the European Union or a member state of the EEA (the Mortgaged Property). A Mortgage Loan 
becomes eligible to be included in the Cover Pool as of the moment when the Issuer learns about the 
legal effects of the creation of the mortgage relating to the Mortgaged Property. 
In addition, the following criteria apply to the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool: (i) the Mortgage Loans 
must be granted or legally owned by the Issuer; (ii) the Mortgaged Property cannot be encumbered by a 
mortgage or a similar right of security of a third party, which would rank pari passu or in priority to the 
mortgage securing the repayment of the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Assets Register in favour 
of the Issuer; and (iii) a transfer of any Mortgaged Property securing the Mortgage Loan cannot be 
restricted by previously created disposals prohibition, provided that the Mortgaged Property is not 
considered to be subject to a prior ranking security interest or disposal prohibition if they cease to exist 
as a result of repayment of the obligations secured by them from the proceeds of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan. If the criteria under paragraphs (ii) and (iii) are not fulfilled, the nominal value of such Mortgage 
Loan shall be for the purpose of calculating the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test equal to zero. 
In the case of a borrower’s default under a Mortgage Loan pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR (or based 
on a fulfilment of stricter conditions set out in the relevant terms and conditions), the nominal value of 
the Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool is for the purpose of both Statutory Cover Tests decreased 
by 100 %. 
Additionally, Section 28c of the Czech Bonds Act stipulates that an issuer of covered bonds that bear the 
designation “CRR” in their title must ensure that the covered bonds fulfil criteria pursuant to Article 129 
of the CRR. Only those covered bonds that fulfil the criteria of Article 129 of the CRR may bear the 
designation “CRR” in their title. 
4. 
VALUATIONS OF THE MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
The Issuer must determine the value of the Mortgaged Property (the Mortgaged Property Value) and 
issue guidelines for these valuations in the form of its internal rules (the Valuation Guidelines) while 
respecting the principles set out below. Pursuant to Section 29(3) of the Czech Bonds Act, the value of 
the Mortgaged Property determined by the Issuer may not exceed open market value (in Czech, cena 
obvyklá) which is to be determined in accordance with the Czech Act No. 151/1997 Coll., as amended 
(the Property Valuation Act), and with special regard to: (i) characteristics of the Mortgaged Property 
which are sustainable on a permanent and a long-term basis; (ii) income achievable by a third party while 
administering the Mortgaged Property with due care; (iii) rights and encumbrances attached to the 
Mortgaged Property; and (iv) conditions prevailing on the local real property market and anticipated 
development of that market. These conditions are similar, yet not identical to those set out in Article 4, 
point 74 of the CRR. 
5. 
VALUATIONS OF THE COVER ASSETS 
The value of the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool is, for the purpose of calculating the Statutory 
Cover Tests, expressed in their nominal value, while the value of the Derivatives is by default expressed 
in their real value in accordance with the international accounting standards governed by the Regulation 
No. 1126/2008 of the European Commission, adopting certain accounting standards in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended.  
Any Cover Asset the value of which, for the purpose of determining compliance with the Statutory Cover 
Tests, is zero nevertheless remains part of the Cover Pool until such asset is removed (deregistered) from 
the Cover Assets Register. 
6. 
COVERED BLOCK AND ITS MANAGEMENT 
Covered Block 
With the creation of one or more Cover Pools, the Issuer also creates one or more covered blocks, which 
are fully segregated and ring-fenced blocks of assets and liabilities (debts) of the Issuer (the Covered 
Block). The Covered Block constitutes the Cover Pool and the debts that it covers.  
A Cover Pool covers both the debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the Covered Bonds 
Debts) that it covers and the debts related to those Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, which may be

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
determined in the relevant terms and conditions or the prospectus of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
or in an agreement relating to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, particularly of the following type: (i) 
a receivable of a Covered Block Administrator (as defined below); (ii) a receivable arising out of legal 
acts of a Covered Block Administrator undertaken for the benefit of the Cover Pool; (iii) a receivable of 
a covered block monitor; (iv) a receivable of a common representative of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders; (v) a receivable of counterparty of the Derivative arising under the Derivative or in direct 
connection with it (provided the relevant Derivative is registered in the Cover Assets Register); and (vi) 
a receivable of another person specified in the relevant terms and conditions or the relevant prospectus 
that participated on the issuance of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds or on the administration of the 
Covered Block which serves to cover such debts (the Accessory Debts). 
Under the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer may appoint a covered block monitor (in Czech, monitor krytého 
bloku) to monitor the Covered Block (or multiple Covered Blocks) and the related parts of the Covered 
Block Records (as defined below). The covered block monitor should disclose, without undue delay, to 
the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders any material information as to whether and how the Issuer 
meets the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover Tests. As the relationship 
between the Issuer and the covered block monitor is contractual, further details of the covered block 
monitor’s duties and powers will be specified in the relevant agreement, which must be made in writing. 
The covered block monitor must carry out its activities with due professional care, and particularly in a 
qualified, honest and fair manner and in the best interest of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
The Asset Monitor appointed pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement under this Programme is 
considered and is to be treated as covered block monitor under the Czech Bonds Act (see section Asset 
Monitor Agreement). 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer must maintain records of Covered Blocks with 
respect to (i) each of its Cover Pools; and (ii) each issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Covered Block Records). The Covered Block Records must provide complete 
information for assessing whether and how the Issuer fulfils its obligations under the Czech Bonds Act 
and the CNB Decree (i.e., the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover Tests). Upon 
the appointment of the Covered Block Administrator (as defined below), the obligation to maintain the 
Covered Block Records shifts (to the full extent) from the Issuer to the Covered Block Administrator. 
Further details and requirements relating to maintaining of the Covered Block Records are set out in the 
CNB Decree. 
The Covered Block Records consist of (i) the Cover Assets Register; (ii) the records of the Accessory 
Assets (the Accessory Assets Records); (iii) the records of debts from Mortgage Covered Bonds 
outstanding (the Debts Records); and (iv) the records of Accessory Debts and debts related to assets 
under paragraphs (i) and (ii) (the Accessory Debts Records) each of them kept separately for each 
Covered Block that the Issuer has created. 
The Covered Block Records are not publicly available (i.e. Covered Block Records are not public 
registers) and the details contained therein are subject to banking secrecy rules set out in the Czech 
Banking Act. 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Covered Block Records must contain: (i) the list of the Covered Blocks; 
and (ii) comprehensive information about each of the Covered Blocks, including: (A) identification of 
the Covered Block itself; (B) the type of the Czech covered bonds; (C) information on whether the 
Covered Block includes Czech covered bonds which bear the “CRR” compliance designation in their 
names; (D) higher limits going above the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test and the Statutory Cover 
Tests (if applicable under the terms and conditions of the relevant issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds); (E) identification of the currency in which the Covered Block Records are maintained; (F) the 
aggregate value of Covered Bonds Debts; (G) the aggregate value of the Accessory Debts; (H) the 
aggregate value of the Cover Assets for the purposes of the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test; and (I) 
the aggregate value of the Cover Assets for the purposes of the Statutory 85 % Test. 
The Issuer must maintain the Covered Block Records in an electronic format enabling it to track and 
reproduce all the past entries and changes and keep the Covered Block Records up to date. The Covered 
Block Records are maintained based on documentation that justifies the inclusion of each particular asset 
or debt in the Covered Block. Such documentation would mainly include a loan agreement relating to 
the Mortgage Loan (including its amendments), documentation relating to the Mortgaged Property 
including the relevant security agreements, an up-to-date extract from the cadastral register of real 
property, the Mortgaged Property Value, the Valuation Guidelines and other documentation relating to 
each asset included in the Cover Pool and each issue of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
For conversion of any financial information contained in the Covered Block Records, the foreign 
exchange rate published by the CNB on the date of the conversion will be used. If no such exchange rate 
is available for the currency or currencies in question, the conversion in accordance with the Czech Act 
No. 563/1991 Coll., on Accounting, as amended, will be used. Employees of the department keeping the 
Covered Block Records must be provided with up-to-date, reliable and complete information in order to 
decide on including items into or removing items from the Covered Block Records or undertaking other 
activities related to the duties under the CNB Decree. 
Cover Assets Register 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Cover Assets Register must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Assets Register: (i) the identification of the relevant 
Mortgage Loan; (ii) the type of the relevant Cover Asset based on categorisation as provided for in Article 
129(1) of the CRR or in the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) information whether the relevant debtor is in default 
pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; (iv) the identification of currency in which the relevant Mortgage 
Loan was concluded; (v) the mortgage lending value of the Mortgaged Property; (vi) the nominal value 
of the Mortgage Loan receivable; and (vii) the nominal value of the Mortgage Loan receivable for the 
purposes of calculating the Statutory Cover Tests and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test. 
In relation to the Cover Assets other than the Mortgage Loans, the Cover Assets Register must contain 
at least: (i) identification of the relevant Cover Asset; (ii) determination of the type of such Cover Asset 
based on categorisation as provided for in Article 129(1) of the CRR or the Czech Bonds Act; (iii) 
information whether the debtor is in default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR; (iv) type, trade date, 
effective date of a Derivative and name of the derivative counterparty, (v) currency or currencies in which 
the Cover Asset was entered into; (vi) value of the Cover Asset (or positive real value of the Derivative); 
and (vii) the value of the Cover Asset for the purpose of calculating of the Statutory Cover Tests and the 
Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test. 
Accessory Assets Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Accessory Assets Records must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Accessory Asset: (i) the identification of the relevant Accessory Asset; (ii) the 
identification of the relevant contract(s) relating to the Accessory Asset; (iii) the identification of the 
Derivative’s security; (iv) indication as to whether it is possible to use the security for the purposes of 
the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test; (v) currency/currencies in which the Accessory Asset was 
arranged; and (vi) real value of the security pursuant to paragraph (iii) in the currency in which the 
Accessory Assets Records are being kept. 
Debts Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Debts Records must contain at least the following details in relation to 
each issue: (i) the identification of the relevant issue; (ii) the issue date; (iii) the maturity date of the issue; 
(iv) the currency or currencies in which the debt was concluded; (v) the nominal value of the outstanding 
issue; (vi) the value of the accrued proceeds from the issue in the currency in which the Debts Record is 
kept; and (vii) the nominal value of the unissued part of the issue if it serves for the identification of the 
debts for which the relevant Cover Pool serves as a cover in the currency in which the Debts Record is 
kept.  
Accessory Debts Records 
Pursuant to the CNB Decree, the Accessory Debts Records must contain at least the following details in 
relation to each Accessory Debt included in the Accessory Debts Records: (i) the identification of the 
respective Accessory Debt; (ii) the identification of the type of the Accessory Debt; (iii) the currency or 
currencies in which the respective Accessory Debt was concluded; and (iv) the nominal value of the 
Accessory Debt in the currency in which the Accessory Debts Records are kept; save for the case of an 
Accessory Debt arising from a Derivative in which case the value of debt is recorded as a negative real 
value of such a Derivative.  
7. 
CONSEQUENCES OF CERTAIN ISSUER’S SHORTCOMINGS 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CNB may take certain steps or actions against or impose certain 
measures upon the Issuer, being a bank with its seat in the Czech Republic and holding a Czech banking 
licence (a Czech Bank), provided that the CNB finds “shortcomings in the activities” of the Issuer (the 
Shortcomings). The CNB may only take such steps or actions or impose measures for so long as the

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Issuer holds its banking licence (i.e. before its banking licence has been revoked by the CNB) and until 
insolvency proceedings under the Czech Insolvency Act have been commenced against the Issuer. 
The Czech Banking Act contains a list of the Shortcomings, which includes, in particular, the violation 
or breach of obligations or terms set out in (i) the Czech Banking Act; (ii) a legal act implementing the 
Czech Banking Act; (iii) a measure of general nature issued pursuant to the Czech Banking Act (in Czech, 
opatření obecné povahy); (iv) a decision issued pursuant to the Czech Banking Act (in Czech, 
rozhodnutí); (v) the directly applicable legal act of the European Union (in Czech, přímo použitelný 
právní předpis Evropské unie) regulating prudential requirements; or (vi) the Issuer’s banking licence or 
such other breach discovered during an inspection or official review of the Issuer. Therefore, for instance, 
failure by the Issuer to comply with the applicable Statutory Cover Tests (as set out in section The Cover 
Pool – Composition of Assets and Statutory Tests above), may lead to the CNB taking steps or actions 
against, or imposing measures, upon the Issuer. 
Upon the discovery of the Shortcoming, and depending on the nature and gravity of that Shortcoming, 
the CNB may impose certain remedial measures on the Issuer (each a Measure), including but not limited 
to: (a) requiring the Issuer to suspend or terminate certain trades which would represent a risk for the 
Issuer; (b) requiring the Issuer to limit its distribution network; (c) requiring the Issuer to replace a 
member of its Board of Directors or its supervisory board (the Supervisory Board); (d) requiring the 
Issuer to decrease its shareholding in another entity or to transfer its shareholding in that entity or to 
otherwise limit the risks associated with its shareholding in that entity; (e) amending the Issuer’s banking 
licence by excluding or restricting some banking activities stated therein; (f) ordering an extraordinary 
audit of the Issuer; or (g) restricting or prohibiting certain activities of the Issuer with persons who are 
closely associated with the Issuer (in Czech, osoby, které jsou spjaty úzkým propojením s bankou) or 
persons who are a part of the same consolidated unit or persons with special relations to the Issuer (in 
Czech, osoby se zvláštním vztahem k bance). Section 19 of the Czech Banking Act defines persons with 
special relations to the Issuer as, among others: (i) members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer; (ii) 
members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer; (iii) persons controlling the Issuer, shareholders who 
have a qualified holding in such controlling persons and management of these two; (iv) persons closely 
associated with a member of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Board and board of non-executive 
directors, members of the audit, risk, appointment and remuneration committee or a person controlling 
the Issuer; (v) an entity in which a person mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above has a qualified 
holding; (vi) a person with a qualified holding in the Issuer and any person controlled by them; (vii) a 
member of the banking council of the CNB; and (viii) entities controlled by the Issuer (the Connected 
Persons). 
In case of continuing serious Shortcomings of the Issuer, the CNB may revoke its banking licence. The 
Issuer’s banking licence may also be revoked by the CNB in other cases specified in the Czech Banking 
Act, including insolvency of the Issuer or a decision finding that the Issuer seriously breached its 
obligations under laws preventing money laundering and financing of terrorism. 
8. 
CZECH RESOLUTION AND RECOVERY ACT 
As long as the Issuer, being a Czech Bank, holds its banking licence issued by the CNB, the Czech 
Insolvency Act does not generally apply to it. However, the Issuer, as a Czech bank, is subject to the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which came into effect on 1 January 2016. The Czech Resolution 
and Recovery Act implements the BRRD into Czech law, which seeks to establish a common framework 
for the orderly recovery and resolution of failing (or likely to fail) credit institutions and investment firms 
within the European Union (as well as of entities within their group if deemed relevant).  
Responsibility for the operation of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act rests almost exclusively with 
the CNB as the competent resolution authority while the Ministry of Finance of the Czech Republic holds 
some joint powers together with the CNB in adopting and applying the governmental stabilisation tools 
(including the temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of a Czech Bank such as the 
Issuer.  
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for a special resolution regime applicable to a Czech 
Bank (such as the Issuer) and distinguishes between two basic sets of measures and tools. These measures 
and tools are crisis prevention measures (in Czech, opatření k předcházení krizí) and crisis resolution 
measures (in Czech, opatření k řešení krize). The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act also deals with 
certain other matters.  
The crisis prevention measures represent, for the most part, early intervention measures and as such can 
be described as pre-resolution measures or tools. Their main goal is to remedy potential Shortcomings

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
of, among others, Czech Banks such as the Issuer, including by virtue of breaches or series of breaches 
of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act or the Czech Banking Act (including various deficiencies or 
impediments to recoverability of the Issuer) and prevent such Shortcomings, which may result from a 
rapid deterioration of their financial condition, and in turn, prevent the spread of financial problems 
among Czech Banks (including the Issuer) and other entities subject to the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act. Accordingly, the CNB may, among other things, gradually (i) impose specific 
administration measures on the Issuer in order to remedy the Shortcomings or breaches and/or address 
or remove deficiencies or impediments to recoverability (these measures broadly correspond to those set 
out in Article 27 of the BRRD as implemented in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act); (ii) remove 
the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and make the appointment of new members of the Board 
of Directors conditional upon the CNB’s prior consent; or (iii) impose temporary administration of the 
Issuer by virtue of the appointment of one or more temporary administrators (who would be appointed 
by the CNB in order to facilitate the functions of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and senior management 
while the temporary administration may last for up to 12 months, unless extended by the CNB). 
The primary effect of temporary administration is that a temporary administrator with adequate 
qualification and capabilities is appointed by the CNB to help manage and run the Issuer. The precise 
function and powers of the temporary administrator under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act are 
specified by the CNB at the time of appointment and can include various investigatory and management 
consultation powers, granting prior approvals to decisions of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and senior 
management or powers to actually manage the Issuer whereby the exercise of the powers by the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors and senior management (but not those by the general or shareholders’ meeting) is 
suspended (fully or in part) and the temporary administrator, appointed by the CNB, takes over their 
functions. 
The general conditions to the exercise of crisis resolution measures set out in the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act require that: (i) the Issuer is failing; (ii) having regard to all circumstances, there is no 
reasonable prospect that any other measure would prevent the failure of the Issuer; and (iii) the resolution 
action is necessary in the public interest. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the Issuer is 
deemed to be failing if, for example (i) it meets the conditions for the withdrawal of its banking licence, 
particularly due to a loss that causes or may cause significant decrease in the amount of its capital; (ii) 
its liabilities exceed the value of its assets; or (iii) it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due. Should the 
Issuer be failing, its Board of Directors must notify the CNB. Crisis resolution measures are in the public 
interest if it is necessary and one or more of the resolution objectives would not be met to the same extent 
by the winding-up or insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer. 
The relevant provisions of the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act contain further specific conditions 
for various individual crisis resolution measures such as a transfer to a private sector purchaser, a bridge 
institution or an asset management entity or applying government stabilisation tools (including a transfer 
to temporary public ownership (nationalisation)). 
In the case of a special management for crisis resolution, either the CNB through one or more of its 
employees directly or a special manager (or administrator) appointed by the CNB takes over, and the 
authority of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and supreme body (i.e. shareholders’ meeting) is 
automatically fully suspended. As a result, the relevant bodies of the Issuer (and their powers) are 
replaced with the CNB or the special manager for crisis resolution. The special management for crisis 
resolution may last for up to 12 months, unless extended by the CNB.  
The Czech Resolution and Recovery Act further provides for the following crisis resolution measures: 
(i) a transfer of the shares of the Issuer or assets or liabilities of the Issuer or part thereof to a private 
sector purchaser (the sale of business tool); (ii) a transfer of the shares of the Issuer or assets or liabilities 
of the Issuer or part thereof to a bridge institution that is wholly or partially owned (directly or indirectly) 
and controlled by the Czech Republic (the bridge institution tool); (iii) a transfer of all or part of the 
assets or liabilities of the Issuer to an asset management entity owned (directly or indirectly) and 
controlled by the Czech Republic (the asset separation tool); (iv) a write-down of certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or conversion of certain unsecured debt claims (eligible 
liabilities) to equity (the bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future write-down; and 
(v) a government stabilisation tool including public equity support and a temporary stabilisation 
comprising a transfer to temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of the Issuer. These 
crisis resolution measures are achieved through the exercise of one or more “crisis resolution powers” 
detailed in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, which enable share transfers, property transfers, bail-
in of capital instruments and eligible liabilities and recognition of the effect of a third country special 
resolution action taken under the laws of a country outside the EEA.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
The CNB further has certain wide powers pursuant to the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act including, 
in certain circumstances, powers to unilaterally cancel a contract or modify contractual arrangements or 
transfer all rights and obligations under a contract as well as some other ancillary resolution powers in 
order to enable the crisis resolution measures under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act to be used 
effectively. As regards these resolution powers to unilaterally cancel a contract or modify contractual 
arrangements or transfer all rights and obligations under a contract (which would include the Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds, any agreements or contracts entered into in respect of the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and rights and obligations under the same), the Czech Resolution and 
Recovery Act contains specific safeguards in respect of certain “protected rights and liabilities”.  
Similarly, with respect to share and property transfers, and most notably partial property transfers, which 
could be used by the CNB in applying any of the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool or the 
asset separation tool, the concern is that the CNB could use such power to “cherry-pick” certain rights 
and obligations in respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or any Cover Pool or otherwise interfere with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Covered Bonds or rights and obligations under the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds. Accordingly, the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provides for various 
protections from the effect of partial property transfers. Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, 
a transfer or passage of property, rights and liabilities under legal arrangements or relationships that 
qualify as “protected rights and liabilities”, may not provide for the transfer or passage of only some, but 
not all such “protected rights and liabilities”. The “protected rights and liabilities” under legal 
arrangements or relationships under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act in turn comprise, 
irrespective of their number of parties, governing law and contractual or statutory basis, among other 
things, covered bonds as well as structured finance arrangements, including securitisations and 
instruments used for hedging which form an integral part of any Cover Pool and which are secured in a 
way similar to the covered bonds. 
The relevant safeguards contained in the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act provide that a partial 
property transfer may not provide for the transfer of only some, but not all, of the “protected rights and 
liabilities” under the Czech covered bonds, which technically means that the CNB must not (i) decide on 
the transfer or passage of any Cover Asset in any Cover Pool without the simultaneous passage of the 
Czech covered bonds; or (ii) decide on the transfer or passage of any Czech covered bonds without the 
simultaneous passage of the benefit of the Cover Assets in any Cover Pool.  
The bail-in tool represents one of the crisis resolution measures under the Czech Resolution and Recovery 
Act. In this process, losses are imposed on some of the Issuer’s direct stakeholders by either a write-
down of their claims or by their conversion to equity. The purpose of the bail-in tool is to offset losses 
and/or recapitalise all or a part of the Issuer or its successor entity. This tool is exercised by the CNB 
through a write down of certain claims of unsecured creditors of the Issuer and/or conversion of certain 
unsecured debt claims (eligible liabilities) to equity, which equity (i.e. capital instruments which may 
take the form of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments) could also be subject to any future write-down. The 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act stipulates certain specific conditions to exercise of the bail-in tool, 
which the CNB will be obliged to observe. The effect of exercise of the bail-in tool by the CNB is broadly 
that (i) the nominal value or the amount of principal of an eligible liability owed by the Issuer is 
permanently decreased as a result of the partial write-down or partial conversion to equity; or (ii) an 
eligible liability owed by the Issuer is cancelled altogether as a result of the full write-down or cancelled 
and modified as a result of full conversion to equity.  
The scope of eligible liabilities (which can be subject to the bail-in tool) includes all liabilities of the 
Issuer, unless such liabilities are explicitly excluded. In line with the BRRD, the rules explicitly exclude 
from the scope of eligible liabilities, among other things, any liabilities owed by the Issuer under covered 
bonds up to the value of all assets that are included in the relevant Cover Pool. On the basis of the Czech 
Resolution and Recovery Act, therefore, the exercise by the CNB of the bail-in tool in relation to the 
Issuer could only affect any liabilities owed by the Issuer under the Mortgage Covered Bonds to the 
extent that they are not covered and exceed the values of assets included in the Cover Pool.  
Finally, the application of any of crisis prevention measures and crisis resolution measures under the 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act does not per se trigger any segregation or ring-fencing of the assets 
in any Cover Pool from the rest of the Issuer’s assets.  
9. 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER AND THE COVER POOL 
The Czech Insolvency Act does not apply to the Issuer, being a Czech Bank, for so long as it holds its 
banking licence. The Issuer’s banking licence may only be revoked by the CNB if there are significant

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Shortcomings (see section 7 Consequences of Certain Issuer’s shortcomings above) and in certain other 
cases specified by the Czech Banking Act. The application of crisis resolution measurers (as described 
above in section 8 Czech Resolution and Recovery Act above) may but does not have to precede the 
revocation of the Issuer’s banking licence. The Czech Insolvency Act distinguishes between: 
(a) 
Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings (as defined below) (in Czech, zahájení 
insolvenčního řízení) against the Issuer; 
(b) 
declaration of insolvency (in Czech, rozhodnutí o úpadku) (the Declaration of Insolvency); 
and 
(c) 
declaration of bankruptcy (in Czech, rozhodnutí o prohlášení konkursu) (the Declaration of 
Bankruptcy). 
The Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings means only the commencement of the court 
proceedings ascertaining whether insolvency (in Czech, úpadek) or threatened insolvency (in Czech, 
hrozící úpadek) of the Issuer exists. The occurrence of these proceedings does not automatically lead to 
the Declaration of Insolvency or the Declaration of Bankruptcy. 
The insolvency proceedings are commenced by an insolvency petition (in Czech, insolvenční návrh) 
which may be filed by the Issuer itself, a creditor of the Issuer or the CNB. After the Commencement of 
Insolvency Proceedings, the insolvency court would examine whether the Issuer is insolvent, and if the 
court finds so, it would declare the Issuer insolvent. 
As of the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, the Czech Insolvency Act imposes specific 
restrictions on the Issuer as well as on the Issuer’s creditors to protect the general insolvency estate (in 
Czech, majetková podstata) (the General Insolvency Estate). Specifically, as of the moment of 
publication of an insolvency petition and unless the insolvency court rules otherwise, the Issuer is obliged 
to refrain from any dispositions with the assets that form part of the General Insolvency Estate and those 
assets which may potentially belong there, provided that such dispositions would cause significant 
changes in the composition, usage or determination of these assets or a reduction, other than negligible 
reduction, of these assets. Also, the Issuer’s monetary obligations which arose before the Commencement 
of Insolvency Proceedings can only be performed by the Issuer to the extent permitted under the terms 
of the Czech Insolvency Act. All the Issuer’s actions contradicting these limitations are ineffective vis-
à-vis its creditors, unless taken with the prior consent of the insolvency court. These restrictions do not 
apply, in particular, to the Issuer’s actions necessary for (i) the performance of the obligations stipulated 
by special regulation; (ii) operating its business within the ordinary course of business; (iii) diversion of 
imminent damage; (iv) the performance of procedural sanctions; and (v) the performance of receivables 
against the General Insolvency Estate (in Czech, pohledávky za majetkovou podstatou) and receivables 
set at the same level as receivables against the General Insolvency Estate (in Czech, pohledávky 
postavené na roveň pohledávkám za majetkovou podstatou).  
If the insolvency court finds it necessary for the protection of the General Insolvency Estate, it may, at 
its discretion, for the period from the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings until the Declaration 
of Bankruptcy, issue a preliminary injunction prohibiting the Issuer from making dispositions with the 
assets in the General Insolvency Estate or by making such dispositions subject to the approval of the 
preliminary insolvency administrator’s (in Czech, předběžný správce), who is appointed by the 
insolvency court (the Preliminary Injunction). The insolvency court may further order the Issuer’s 
debtors to perform their obligations to the preliminary insolvency administrator rather than to the Issuer. 
For a Czech Bank as the Issuer there is only one available method of resolving insolvency, which is 
bankruptcy (in Czech, konkurs). The insolvency court would always decide simultaneously on the 
Declaration of Insolvency to confirm the state of affairs (i.e. that the Issuer is insolvent) and on the 
Declaration of Bankruptcy to decide on the method to resolve the insolvency. The outcome of bankruptcy 
would be that all the Issuer’s assets would be liquidated and the Issuer wound up. As of the moment of 
the Declaration of Bankruptcy, among other things, the Issuer’s right to dispositions with the General 
Insolvency Estate is transferred to the court appointed insolvency administrator (in Czech, insolvenční 
správce) (the Insolvency Administrator) and any subsequent legal acts of the Issuer are ineffective vis-
à-vis its creditors. As of the publication of the Declaration of Bankruptcy, the liquidation of the Issuer 
would be interrupted and any preliminary injunctions (including Preliminary Injunctions) issued so far 
(unless the insolvency court decides otherwise) cease to apply.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
If the insolvency proceedings are initiated in respect of the Issuer, the proceedings are limited to the 
General Insolvency Estate. The Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings does not cause the 
obligations and debts in respect of the Covered Block to become due and payable.  
The Covered Blocks in the Issuer’s insolvency and in certain other cases 
Section 375(3) of the Czech Insolvency Act provides that neither the Commencement of Insolvency 
Proceedings nor the Declaration of Insolvency and the Declaration of Bankruptcy shall affect the Issuer’s 
Covered Blocks in any way. Further, the Czech Insolvency Act explicitly provides that the Cover Pool 
created in accordance with the provisions of the Czech Bonds Act is not a part of the Issuer’s General 
Insolvency Estate. Therefore, all of the assets in the Cover Pool remain ring-fenced and thus segregated 
from any other assets of the Issuer which fall within the Issuer’s General Insolvency Estate. If an asset 
is removed from the Cover Assets Register, it is no longer protected and becomes a part of the Issuer’s 
insolvency estate. 
Section 32a of the Czech Bonds Act provides that, without undue delay after (i) the CNB has filed an 
insolvency petition seeking the Declaration of Insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) the Commencement of the 
Insolvency Proceedings, (iii) the Issuer has entered into liquidation, (iv) the CNB has revoked the Issuer’s 
banking licence or (v) the Issuer is, for reasons directly related to its financial situation, unable to 
discharge its debts and there is no prospect that it will be able to do so, the CNB appoints an involuntary 
covered block administrator (in Czech, nucený správce krytých bloků) (the Covered Block 
Administrator). 
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator manages all the Covered Blocks of the Issuer. 
The administration of the Covered Blocks by the Covered Block Administrator ends after (i) Transfer of 
the Covered Block (as defined below) or (ii) the Cover Pool Liquidation (as defined below) has been 
completed. In order to ensure the proper management of the Covered Block, only (i) another Czech bank 
or (ii) a bank having its seat in another EU or EEA member state that issues securities comparable to 
Czech covered bonds or manages assets that are comparable to the Cover Assets (the Eligible Entity) 
may be appointed as the Covered Block Administrator by the CNB. The Czech Bonds Act also ensures 
that no conflict of interests will occur in respect of managing these separate parts of the estate of the 
Issuer. The Insolvency Administrator, an interim administrator, a liquidator or any other person who 
could potentially act in the conflict of interests with the interests of the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders may not be the same person as the Covered Block Administrator. 
The Covered Block Administrator is charged with management of the Covered Blocks and is obliged to 
act with professional care while always respecting and promoting the best interests of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders. Any legal act that relates to an asset registered in Cover Asset Register 
which is not a discharge of a debt and which has been made by a person other than the Covered Block 
Administrator without his consent has no legal effect. The Covered Block Administrator may enter into 
an arrangement either for the benefit or to the detriment of the Covered Block only in order to improve 
liquidity or hedge against risk. 
Where, after the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, the aggregate value of the Cover Assets in 
the Cover Pool is lower than the total nominal value of the debts for whose cover the Cover Pool serves 
(the Over-indebted Covered Block), the Covered Block Administrator shall quantify the claims of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders to the extent in which they are not covered by the Cover Pool 
and, without undue delay, shall send the quantification to the insolvency court within the period stipulated 
by the law. Upon delivery of the quantification to the insolvency court, the respective claims contained 
therein are deemed to be registered. This means that generally, the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders would not, in case of Over-indebted Covered Block, register their claims arising from the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds with the insolvency court as these would be registered by the Covered 
Block Administrator himself. Therefore, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders would generally 
register their claims by themselves only when the Covered Block Administrator fails to perform its duty 
to send the quantification to the insolvency court or in order to follow precautionary principle. The 
portion of the claims registered with the insolvency court mentioned above would rank pari passu with 
all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and be satisfied on a pro rata basis with 
all other general creditors’ claims (i.e. the portions of the claims concerned will be satisfied from the 
General Insolvency Estate). 
Also, the Czech Bonds Act contains express provisions regarding the segregation of the cash flows from 
the assets in the Cover Pool, following the Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings, Declaration of 
Insolvency, Declaration of Bankruptcy or other situations when the Covered Block Administrator must 
be appointed by the CNB, as provided for in the Czech Bonds Act. The Covered Block Administrator is

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
upon its appointment obliged to open a separate account for the purpose of collecting payments 
representing repayments of the debts from the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool and, alternatively, 
the debts relating to the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool. But, on the other hand, the cash flows 
received from the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool before the Covered Block Administrator has 
been appointed will not become part of the Cover Pool.  
The insolvency estate is administered by the Insolvency Administrator. The Insolvency Administrator 
must co-operate with the Covered Block Administrator to ensure the proper management of the Covered 
Block. The Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders may not give any instructions to the Insolvency 
Administrator and the Insolvency Administrator must uphold the common interest of all of the Issuer’s 
creditors. 
After the satisfaction of all of the creditors’ claims, any part of the Cover Pool remaining will be used to 
satisfy all the other general creditors’ claims in accordance with the court-approved distribution schedule. 
If the case of the Over-indebted Covered Block, the Covered Block Administrator may decide on a 
proportional (pari passu) decrease of all debts from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds for whose cover 
the Cover Pool serves, resulting in a permanent reduction of the nominal values of all such debts (the 
Pari Passu Haircut) including the nominal value of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. After the debts 
have been reduced, the Covered Block Administrator may further decide on realisation of assets in the 
Cover Pool and consequently proceed with early repayment of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (the 
Cover Pool Liquidation) or may decide that it will continue to manage the Covered Block. Both the 
Pari Passu Haircut and the Cover Pool Liquidation require the prior consent of the CNB, which the CNB 
shall grant if it determines that it is in the interest of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders, for its 
validity. No further approval, notification or consent is required for the Pari Passu Haircut or the Cover 
Pool Liquidation to be effective. If the meeting of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders adopts a 
decision on either the Pari Passu Haircut or the Cover Pool Liquidation, the Covered Block Administrator 
is bound by such a decision and is obliged to make a request for the consent of the CNB to proceed with 
the Pari Passu Haircut or the Cover Pool Liquidation. 
If the proceeds from the Cover Pool Liquidation are not sufficient to satisfy the claims of the Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders in full, the unsatisfied portion of those claims will rank pari passu with 
all the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will be satisfied on a pro rata basis 
with all other general creditors’ claims as already stated above.  
Upon its appointment, the Covered Block Administrator may further transfer the whole Covered Block 
and its management to another Eligible Entity (the Transfer of the Covered Block). The Covered Block 
Administrator may not transfer the Covered Block to itself. Apart from the consent of the CNB, which 
the CNB shall grant (if it determines that the Transfer of the Covered Block is in the interests of the 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders), no further approval, notification or consent with the Transfer of 
the Covered Block is required for its validity. A transfer of the Covered Block made without such consent 
shall have no legal effects. The Czech Bonds Act further stipulates that if the Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders meeting adopts a decision on Transfer of the Covered Block, the Covered Block 
Administrator is bound by such decision and is obliged to make a request for the consent of the CNB to 
proceed with such Transfer of the Covered Block. Also, the Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ 
meeting may decide on refusing the Transfer of the Covered Block and, again, the Covered Block 
Administrator would be bound by such decision. 
The Transfer of the Covered Block has to be always done in relation to the Covered Block as a whole 
(i.e. assets and liabilities) and as a result it is not possible to transfer just the Cover Pool itself (i.e. only 
the assets). In case of the Over-indebted Covered Block, the Transfer of the Covered Block may be made 
only after the Pari Passu Haircut is made. 
10. 
RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF SLOVAK LAW AFFECTING THE COVER POOL 
Slovak law is not directly relevant for the purposes of composition of the Cover Pool and entitlements in 
respect of the Cover Pool except as set out below.  
The Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage include both Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans regulated 
by Section 68 et seq of the Slovak Banking Act effective until 31 December 2017 and other Slovak loans 
which are secured by residential or commercial property located in the Slovak Republic and which do 
not meet the requirements of Section 68 et seq of the Slovak Banking Act effective until 31 December 
2017 (Other Slovak Mortgage Loans and together with Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans “Slovak 
Mortgage Loans””. For a Slovak Mortgage Loan to become eligible to be included in the Cover Pool it

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
must comply with the applicable statutory tests (as set out in sections General Description of Czech and 
Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – The Cover Pool – Composition of Assets 
below and The Cover Pool below). 
Pursuant to Slovak regulation effective until 31 December 2017, the Issuer had to finance at least 90 per 
cent of its Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans through issuing the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. In 
other words, there was a statutory requirement to maintain a certain ratio between the value of the Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bonds and value of Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans. In turn, the issued Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bonds had to be covered by eligible receivables from Slovak Regulated Mortgage 
Loans, and this requirement continues to apply in respect of the still outstanding Slovak Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. The interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the 
Slovak cover pool for the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. However a likely outcome in 
practice is that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would be able to benefit from all Cover Assets, 
including receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, included in the Cover Pool pari-passu 
with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer, but it cannot be ruled out that a 
court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders would only be 
able to benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are not used for covering the 
Slovak Mortgage Bonds of the Issuer (for details see section Risk Factors – Receivables from mortgage 
loans governed by Slovak law included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are primarily designated under Slovak 
law to cover the receivables under Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and interaction of Czech law 
governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool is not clear).  
No such rule applies to the Other Slovak Mortgage Loans. Accordingly, there is no Slovak cover pool in 
respect of receivables from the Other Slovak Mortgage Loans, which are included in the Cover Pool in 
full if the otherwise applicable Statutory Eligibility Criteria and the Contractual Eligibility Criteria for 
the Eligible Assets are also met. 
As of 1 January 2018, a substantially new Slovak regulation of Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans and 
Mortgage Covered Bonds came into effect. In particular, the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans no longer 
have to be partly financed via issue of Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer even ceased to be 
able to issue new Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds through its Slovak branch. The Slovak Mortgage 
Covered Bonds and Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans already in place are governed by legal regulations 
applicable as at 31 December 2017, as described above, until they are fully paid-up.  
Once all Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans are fully paid up, the 
regulation described here will become largely irrelevant. Consequently, the Slovak law issues will 
continue to be relevant in respect of the Issuer’s legacy portfolios of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds 
and Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, but the Issuer will not issue any new Slovak Mortgage Covered 
Bonds after 1 January 2018. Similarly, although the Issuer will be able to provide Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans and/or Other Slovak Mortgage Loans after 1 January 2018, these loans will not be 
subject to the restrictions described above.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF JUDGMENTS IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE REGULATION IN THE CZECH REPUBLIC 
The Terms and Conditions provide, inter alia, that the courts of Germany shall have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Mortgage Covered Bonds. As the principal assets of 
the Issuer are located in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia, any judgements rendered in disputes connected with 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds will likely be enforced in these two jurisdictions. 
The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments of civil courts in the Czech Republic and Slovakia is 
governed by EU law, public international treaties and domestic legislation. In relations among the EU Member 
States, Regulation (EU) 1215/2012, which recast Regulation (EC) 44/2001 (the Brussels I Recast), is the 
governing law on the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. 
Based on this regulation, court rulings issued by any court authority in the EU member states, including Germany, 
with regard to civil and commercial matters are enforceable in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, subject to the 
rules of the Brussels I Recast and, vice versa, court rulings issued by court authorities in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia with regard to civil and commercial matters are reciprocally enforceable in the EU member states, 
including Germany. 
According to the EC Regulation No. 593/2008 of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations, 
parties to a contract may, subject to the terms set out therein, select the law which will govern their contractual 
relations in civil and commercial matters and Czech and Slovak courts will give effect to such choice of law. 
Unless parties to the dispute agreed otherwise, or unless courts of a different member state have an exclusive 
jurisdiction, foreign entities are able to bring civil proceedings before Czech or Slovak courts against individuals 
and legal entities domiciled therein. In court proceedings, Czech and Slovak courts apply their respective national 
procedural rules and their judgments are enforceable in their respective jurisdictions, subject to certain statutory 
limitations on the ability of creditors to enforce judgments against certain assets. 
Any person bringing an action in the Czech Republic or Slovakia may be required to: (i) submit to the court a 
translation in the Czech or Slovak language (apostilled if applicable pursuant to respective international treaties) 
of any relevant document prepared by a sworn translator authorised by such court; and (ii) pay a court filing fee. 
In the event that court judgments against the Issuer are issued by court bodies of non-EU member states, the 
following rules shall apply: 
In cases where the Czech Republic or Slovakia concluded a treaty with a specific country on the recognition and 
enforcement of court rulings, the enforcement of court rulings issued in such country is ensured in accordance 
with the provisions of the applicable international treaty. If no such treaty exists, then the rulings of foreign courts 
shall be recognized and enforced in the Czech Republic in accordance with the Czech Private International Law 
Act and other relevant legislation. In the event of a foreign ruling against a Czech individual or legal entity, such 
a foreign ruling shall be recognized and enforced if, among other things, actual reciprocity has been established 
regarding the recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered by Czech courts in the relevant country.  
The Czech Ministry of Justice may, upon a request of a Czech court, provide the court with declaration that 
reciprocity has been established with respect to a particular foreign country. If such declaration of reciprocity has 
not been issued with regard to a particular country, however, this does not automatically mean that reciprocity 
cannot be established in a given case. In such cases, the recognition of reciprocity would be assessed as part of 
the proceedings by the Czech court based on the actual situation in a given country with regard to the recognition 
of judgments of Czech authorities. 
On the other hand, even if reciprocity has been established and declared by the Ministry of Justice with respect to 
judgments issued by judicial bodies of a particular foreign country, such judgments may not be recognized and 
enforced under applicable provisions of Czech law if, for example: (i) the matter falls within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Czech Republic, or in the event that the proceedings on recognition and 
enforcement could not have been conducted by any authority of a foreign state, should the provisions on the 
jurisdiction of Czech courts be applied for considering the jurisdiction of the foreign authority (unless the party 
against whom the decision was issued voluntarily submitted to the authority of the foreign body); (ii) a Czech 
court has issued or recognized a final judgment in the same matter, or proceedings regarding the same matter are 
pending before a Czech court; (iii) the foreign authority deprived the party to the proceedings against whom the 
judgment was made of the opportunity to properly participate in the proceedings (i.e., in particular, if such party

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
had not been duly served for the purposes of the initiation of the proceedings); or (iv) the recognition of a foreign 
judgment would be contrary to the public order in the Czech Republic. 
If there is no relevant international treaty, a judgment of a court of law of a non-EU member state, which is not 
impeachable as void or voidable under the internal laws of the foreign jurisdiction would be recognised in the 
Slovak Republic provided that relevant conditions in respect of recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments 
set out in the Slovak Act No. 97/1963 Coll. on Private and Procedural International Law (the Slovak Private 
International Law Act) are met, including without limitation the following: (i) the non-EU judgment is final and 
enforceable according to the law of the state where it was issued; (ii) the matter is not within the exclusive 
jurisdiction of Slovakia; (iii) the non-EU judgment is a decision on the merits of the case; (iv) a party to the dispute 
against whom an enforcement is sought was not denied access to the foreign court, mainly it must have been 
served with a statement of claim or summons for the hearing; (v) the non-EU judgment is not irreconcilable with 
a prior Slovak judgment or an earlier foreign judgment which may be recognised in Slovakia; (vi) the non-EU 
Judgement is not against the public policy (in French, ordre public) of Slovakia; and (vii) the application for 
recognition before Slovak courts is duly made according to the Slovak Private International Law Act procedural 
rules and encloses all the documentation thereby required. Under Slovak private international law there is no 
reciprocity principle applied in relation to civil and commercial foreign judgments. 
The Government of the Czech Republic may, under the Constitutional Act. No. 110/1998 Coll., on Security of 
the Czech Republic, as amended, declare an emergency. If such an emergency is declared, payments in foreign 
currency or abroad generally, interbank transfers of monies from abroad to the Czech Republic and/or sale of 
securities (including the Mortgage Covered Bonds) abroad may be suspended for the duration of such emergency. 
Such an emergency may be declared for a maximum period of 30 days unless prolonged by the approval of the 
Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
THE COVER POOL 
Composition of Assets 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets (the Statutory Eligibility Criteria) 
The Czech Bonds Act and the CNB Decree prescribe that a Cover Pool created by the Issuer may only consist of 
the Cover Assets and the Accessory Assets (for details see section General Description of Czech and Slovak 
Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – The Cover Pool – Composition of Assets).  
The Statutory 85 % Test has to be complied on an on-going basis. Only the Mortgage Loans may be used to meet 
the Statutory 85 % Test. In relation to the Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans, the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV 
Test will apply, whereas for the CRR Mortgage Loans, specific collateral value tests, as set out in the CRR, will 
apply (for details see section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered 
Bonds – The Cover Pool – Composition of Assets above). 
With the creation of one or more Cover Pools, the Issuer also creates a Covered Block. The Covered Block is 
constituted of the Cover Pool and the debts that it covers. 
The Cover Pool includes the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans and Other Slovak Mortgage Loans and, the 
interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool for the Slovak 
Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. A likely outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered Bondholders 
would be able to benefit from all Cover Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans, 
included in the Cover Pool pari-passu with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Issuer, but 
it cannot be ruled out that a court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders would only be able to benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are not used 
for covering the Slovak Mortgage Bonds of the Issuer (for details see section Risk Factors – Receivables from 
mortgage loans governed by Slovak law included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool are primarily designated under Slovak 
law to cover the receivables under Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds and interaction of Czech law governing the 
Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool is not clear). 
Pursuant to an amendment to the Slovak Banking Act adopted by the Slovak National Council, which applies as 
of 1 January 2018, a substantially new regulation of Slovak loans secured by way of mortgage came into effect. 
See section Banking Regulation – Slovak Banking Regulation – Slovak Regulation of Covered Bonds for more 
details. 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Assets 
In addition to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer covenants to 
apply contractual eligibility criteria to the Cover Pool (the Contractual Eligibility Criteria) and to ensure that 
the Contractual Eligibility Criteria are met by the Cover Pool. 
The Contractual Eligibility Criteria are that: 
(a) 
The Mortgage Loans are governed by Czech or Slovak law; 
(b) 
The Mortgaged Property is a real property, as evidenced by an extract from the Czech real estate 
register (in Czech, katastr nemovitostí) (the Czech Real Estate Register) or the respective land 
registry in the relevant jurisdiction; 
(c) 
The Mortgage Loans have been granted to one or more individuals or one or more legal entities; 
(d) 
The Mortgage Loans are performing and there are no payments in respect of such loans that are 
due and unpaid for more than 90 days; 
(e) 
The Mortgage Loan amount included in the Cover Pool is capped at a maximum LTV ratio of 
100 per cent.; 
(f) 
The Issuer’s Cover Pool does not contain any asset-backed securities; and

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
(g) 
The Mortgage Loans are not collateralised by agricultural land (where such agricultural land is 
subject to a separate mortgage and does not form a functional part of other mortgaged property) 
or other land not designated for construction purposes. 
As of 31 December 2020, 29.2 per cent. of the Mortgage Loans (including among others both Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans and Other Slovak Mortgage Loans) were governed by Slovak Law, with the remainder being 
governed by Czech Law. 
Valuation of Assets 
Statutory Tests 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is required to maintain the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
following requirements for the Cover Assets. 
The Issuer covenants to ensure that it maintains the Cover Pool in compliance with the Statutory Minimum OC 
Level Test, the Statutory 85 % Test and the Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test (the Statutory Tests). 
The Statutory Minimum OC Level Test 
The Czech Bonds Act stipulates that the aggregate value of all the Cover Assets included in the Cover Pool must 
represent at least 102 % of the aggregate value of all debts covered with the respective Cover Pool, i.e. resulting 
in a minimum 2 % statutory over-collateralisation requirement (i.e. Statutory Minimum OC Level Test). As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has created only one Cover Pool that covers debts from all the issued and 
outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (including the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds under this 
Programme, the Local Bond Programme and, if applicable, by way of the Issuer’s standalone issues) (see section 
General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – The Cover Pool – 
Composition of Assets above).  
The Statutory 85 % Test 
The Issuer covenants to ensure that the Mortgage Loans Ratio is an amount equal to at least 85 per cent. of the 
outstanding Nominal Value of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e. the Statutory 85 % Test). 
For the purposes of the Statutory 85 % Test and the Statutory Minimum OC Level Test, the Mortgage Loans 
Ratio is the sum of the outstanding Nominal Values of all the Mortgage Loans used as Cover Assets, where the 
Nominal Value is deemed to be zero, for (i) each Mortgage Loan (including CRR Mortgage Loan) if such 
Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan, (ii) each Mortgage Loan if such Mortgage Loan does not fulfil requirements 
set out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act, (iii) each Mortgage Loan in the case of an obligor’s default 
pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR and (iv) each CRR Mortgage Loan if such CRR Mortgage Loan do not fulfil 
the applicable CRR requirements. A part of the Mortgage Loan which exceeds 100 % of the Mortgaged Property 
Value (as defined below) disregarded to such extent.  
Contractual Asset Cover Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, the Issuer covenants to ensure that the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover 
Pool Balance is an amount at least equal to 110 per cent. of the outstanding Nominal Value of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bonds (the Contractual Asset Cover Test). 
For the purposes of the Contractual Asset Cover Test, the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance 
is the sum of the outstanding Adjusted Values of all Cover Assets, where the Adjusted Value is deemed to be zero 
for, (i) each Mortgage Loan if such Mortgage Loan is a Defaulted Loan, (ii) each Mortgage Loan if such Mortgage 
Loan does not fulfil requirements set out in Section 30(1) of the Czech Bonds Act, (iii) each CRR Mortgage Loan 
if such CRR Mortgage Loan do not fulfil the applicable CRR requirements, and (iv) each Mortgage Loan in the 
case of an obligor’s default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR. 
Where any Cover Asset is not denominated in Czech Koruna such balance shall be converted to its equivalent in 
Czech Koruna at the Relevant Exchange Rate.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
The Issuer covenants that it will provide from time to time to Moody’s (or another rating agency which has rated 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds) and the Asset Monitor information on the current value of the Contractual Adjusted 
Aggregate Cover Pool Balance and will confirm compliance by the Issuer with the Contractual Asset Cover Test. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Contractual Asset Cover Test will not result in an Event of Default. 
However, whilst such breach is continuing the Issuer cannot issue any Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds which 
have the benefit of the Issuer’s Cover Pool.  
Adjusted Value means, for: 
(a) 
each Mortgage Loan, the lower of (i) the outstanding Nominal Value of such Mortgage Loan and (ii) the 
Mortgaged Property Value related to such Mortgage Loan; 
(b) 
each PSB’s Receivables and Exposures its outstanding Nominal Value; 
(c) 
the Cash its outstanding Nominal Value; and 
(d) 
each Derivative its real value. 
Defaulted Loan means any Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool which is more than 90 days in arrears. 
Mortgaged Property Value means the total value of all the Mortgaged Property as determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with applicable laws (including Section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act and the Property Valuation Act) 
and the Issuer’s internal rules for valuation of the Mortgaged Property. The Issuer must determine the Mortgaged 
Property Value using the open market value (in Czech, cena obvyklá) and with special regard to: (a) characteristics 
of the Mortgaged Property which are sustainable on a permanent or a long-term basis; (b) income achievable by 
a third party managing the Mortgaged Property with due care; (c) rights and encumbrances attached to the 
Mortgaged Property; and (d) conditions prevailing on the local real property market and anticipated development 
of that market. The Mortgaged Property Value cannot be higher than the open market value (in Czech, cena 
obvyklá) of the Mortgaged Property. The Mortgaged Property Value shall be calculated in relation to any amount 
which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech Koruna, the Czech Koruna equivalent of such amount 
ascertained using the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts as at the relevant date and (ii) Czech 
Koruna, the applicable amount in Czech Koruna. 
Nominal Value means the sum of the outstanding principal balances and any accrued and unpaid interest relating 
to the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds, Mortgage Loans or any other debt or security as the case may be, 
calculated in relation to any amount which is denominated in (i) a currency other than Czech Koruna, by applying 
the Relevant Exchange Rate relating to such amounts and (ii) Czech Koruna, the applicable amount in Czech 
Koruna. 
Relevant Exchange Rate means the equivalent in Czech Koruna determined by the Issuer (i) at the rate available 
from the Czech National Bank or any successor source for the conversion of the relevant currency or currencies 
into Czech Koruna on the Business Day before the relevant determination or, (ii) if no such direct exchange rate 
of the relevant currency or currencies to the Czech Koruna is available, the Issuer will use for conversions into 
Czech Koruna the exchange rate of the relevant currency or currencies (as available from the relevant central 
bank) to the U.S. dollar or the EUR and subsequently converting such amount in U.S. dollars or EUR pursuant to 
the valid U.S. dollar or EUR exchange rate to the Czech Koruna (as available from the Czech National Bank) on 
the Business Day before the relevant determination. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on 4 June 2020 between the Issuer, and the Asset 
Monitor as amended by the amendment no. 1 dated 24 March 2021 and the amendment no. 2 dated 24 June 2021 
(such Asset Monitor Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Asset 
Monitor Agreement), the Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of information to be provided by the 
Issuer to the Asset Monitor, to carry certain procedures in relation to the Statutory Eligibility Criteria, the 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria, the Statutory Tests, the Contractual Asset Cover Test and any other requirement 
imposed by Czech law or the agreements in respect of the Cover Pool on each relevant Asset Monitor Calculation 
Date (as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement). The Asset Monitor is only required to perform its role from 
30 June 2020.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
If the Statutory Eligibility Criteria and/or the Contractual Eligibility Criteria have been breached or the Statutory 
Tests and/or Contractual Asset Cover Test had been failed on the relevant Asset Monitor Calculation Date or the 
reported Aggregate Cover Pool Balance or the reported Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance, as 
applicable, was misstated by the Issuer by an amount exceeding one per cent. of the Aggregate Cover Pool Balance 
or the Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool Balance, as applicable (as at the date of the relevant Statutory 
Tests or the Contractual Asset Cover Test), the Asset Monitor shall conduct the agreed procedures on a monthly 
basis for a six-month period subject to the receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer. 
Within ten Business Days (as defined in the Asset Monitor Agreement) of receiving the relevant information from 
the Issuer, the Asset Monitor shall notify the parties to the Asset Monitor Agreement of their findings in a report 
following a specified form (the Asset Monitor Report). 
The Asset Monitor is entitled to assume that all information provided to it by the Issuer for the purpose of reporting 
on the arithmetic or other accuracy basis is true and correct and is complete and not misleading and is not required 
to conduct an audit or other similar examination in respect of or otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy or 
completeness of such information save that the Asset Monitor will be required to advise the Issuer if it has not 
been provided with any of those figures which it is required to provide. However, if information required to be 
provided by the Issuer contains what appear to be manifest errors, the Asset Monitor shall notify the parties to the 
Asset Monitor Agreement and the Issuer shall provide further amended information to the Asset Monitor or shall 
confirm the accuracy of information previously provided. The Asset Monitor shall not be required to confirm 
whether the information provided to it by the Issuer (i) has been accurately extracted from the sources identified 
therein or agrees with any underlying accounting or other information or (ii) is presented in compliance with any 
relevant accounting or other definitions as to its elements and composition. 
The Asset Monitor Report will be delivered to the Issuer and subject to the terms and conditions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement also to the Arranger, the Dealers, the Rating Agency and the Mortgage Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer will pay to the Asset Monitor a fee determined in accordance with a fee letter entered into between the 
Issuer and the Asset Monitor. The liability of the Asset Monitor will be limited to five times the fees paid under 
the Asset Monitor Agreement and the relevant fee letter by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor in accordance with the 
Asset Monitor Agreement during any twelve months preceding an event that resulted in the Asset Monitor’s 
liability specified therein. If such event occurs during the first 12 months of the effectiveness of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the liability of the Asset Monitor shall be limited by five times fees paid under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement and the relevant fee letter since the date of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving the Asset Monitor 60 days’ 
written notice, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a replacement has been found 
by the Issuer which agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign from its appointment by giving the Issuer 60 days’ prior written notice 
(the Issuer shall provide a copy of such notice to the Rating Agency), provided that such termination may not be 
effected unless and until a replacement has been found for the Asset Monitor by the Issuer of the Asset Monitor. 
In addition, the Asset Monitor may resign from its appointment upon giving 30 days’ prior written notice if any 
action taken by the recipients of the Asset Monitor Report (Recipients) or future circumstance not caused by the 
Asset Monitor causes a professional conflict of interest for the Asset Monitor under the rules of the professional 
and/or regulatory bodies regulating the activities of the Asset Monitor. The Asset Monitor will inform the 
Recipients as soon as reasonably practicable of any action or circumstance of which the Asset Monitor is aware 
that may cause a professional conflict of interest for the Asset Monitor which could result in termination under 
the relevant clause. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Czech law. 
Description of the Cover Pool 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
In case of the Issuer’s insolvency, the assets in the Cover Pool will primarily serve for the satisfaction of all Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders’ claims (see section General Description of Czech and Slovak Legislation 
relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds – 9 Insolvency of the Issuer and the Cover Pool above). In order to be 
included in the Cover Pool, Mortgage Loans have to meet certain statutory and contractual eligibility criteria (see

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
section The Cover Pool– Composition of Assets and section The Cover Pool– Valuation of Assets above for 
further details). The composition of assets in the Cover Pool changes in time, as Mortgage Loans which are repaid 
or cease to meet the eligibility criteria are removed from the Cover Pool and new Mortgage Loans that meet the 
eligibility criteria are added. 
The Cover Pool consists of four types of Mortgage Loans: 
(a) 
Mortgage Loans which are retail residential loans secured by property located in the Czech 
Republic (the Czech Retail Residential Loans); 
(b) 
Mortgage Loans which are commercial loans secured by property located in the Czech Republic 
(the Czech Commercial Loans);  
(c) 
(A) Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans which meet the requirements of Section 68 et seq. of the 
Slovak Banking Act, as effective until 31 December 2017 (in Slovak, hypotekárny úver) and 
(B) Other Slovak Mortgage Loans which are secured by residential property located in the 
Slovak Republic, whereas both types of such Mortgage Loans must also fall within the 
definition of Eligible Assets in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act (the Slovak Residential 
Loans); and 
(d) 
Other Slovak Mortgage Loans, which are secured by commercial property located in the Slovak 
Republic, whereas such Other Slovak Mortgage Loans must also fall within the definition of 
Eligible Assets in accordance with the Czech Bonds Act (the Slovak Commercial Loans); 
In order to assess compliance with the Slovak Banking Act, the Issuer maintains a separate register of the Slovak 
Regulated Mortgage Loans. Since the Issuer has obtained a consent from the NBS to apply a lower threshold of 
70 per cent., at least 70 per cent. of the value of the Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans originated until 
31 December 2017 (including) had to be financed from proceeds of sale of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The interaction of Czech law governing the Cover Pool and Slovak law governing the Slovak cover pool for the 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds is not clear. However, a likely outcome in practice is that the Mortgage Covered 
Bondholders would be able to benefit from all Cover Assets, including receivables from the Slovak Regulated 
Mortgage Loans, included in the Cover Pool pari-passu with the holders of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds 
of the Issuer, but it cannot be ruled out that a court assesses the matter differently and decides that the Mortgage 
Covered Bondholders would only be able to benefit from those receivables included in the Cover Pool which are 
not used for covering the Slovak Mortgage Bonds of the Issuer. 
As of 31 December 2020, the total value of the Cover Pool was CZK 130,967 million, out of which (i) 37.2 per 
cent. (or CZK 48,679 million) consisted of Czech Retail Residential Loans; (ii) 28.6 per cent. (or CZK 37,440 
million) consisted of the Slovak Residential Loans; and (iii) 34.2 per cent. (or CZK 44,848 million) consisted of 
the Czech Commercial Loans.  
The following table provides information on the composition of the Cover Pool as of 31 December 2020:

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
 
Czech Retail 
Residential Loans 
Slovak 
Residential 
Loans 
Czech and Slovak 
Commercial Loans 
 
 
 
 
Total loan balance (in CZK millions)......................................................... 
48,679 
37,440 
44,848 
Average loan balance (in CZK) ................................................................. 
1,349,915.92 
1,196,793.07 
34,156,617.27 
Total number of loans ................................................................................ 
36,061 
31,284 
1,313 
Total number of debtors ............................................................................. 
32,595 
26,375 
1,068 
Total number of properties......................................................................... 
38,315 
32,709 
1,100 
Weighted average seasoning (in years) ...................................................... 
5 
4 
6.2 
Contracted weighted average remaining term (in years) ............................ 
19.9 
21.7 
4.5 
Weighted average LTV (in per cent.) ......................................................... 
65 
72 
69 
Stake of fixed interest rate loans (in per cent.) ........................................... 
97 
97 
27 
Stake of 10 biggest loans (in per cent.) ...................................................... 
1 
0 
29 
Stake of bullet loans (in per cent.).............................................................. 
0 
0 
10 
As of 31 December 2020, the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds were over-collateralised by 11.10 per 
cent. As of the same date, 4.0 per cent. of the assets included in the Cover Pool was denominated in Czech crowns 
and 96.0 per cent. was denominated in euro. 
In order to be able to keep and maintain only one Cover Pool that would cover debts from all the issued and 
outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds as well as the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be newly issued under 
this Programme, the Issuer will coordinate the following steps to occur on the same date: 
(a) 
opt-in of the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Issuer’s Local Bond 
Programme under the new legal framework introduced by the amendment No. 307/2018 Coll. 
to the Czech Bonds Act; 
(b) 
issuance of new Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds under this Programme that will be later (not 
on the same date with the other steps described here) provided to the derivative counterparties 
(see point (c) below); and 
(c) 
acquisition of the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the English law as listed 
below in section List of Issued and Outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds) from the derivative counterparties that are currently holding 
these. 
Issuer’s Cover Pool in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
Management of the Cover Pool in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Czech Bonds Act, the Issuer maintains the Cover Assets Register which contains a separate 
record of the Eligible Assets included in the Issuer’s Cover Pool. The Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool 
serve to provide cover in respect of the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and the obligations of the Issuer arising 
from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate nominal value and proportionate yield). For the 
purposes of managing the Cover Pool and to comply with the applicable statutory requirements set out in the Czech 
Bonds Act and the CNB Decree, the Issuer adopted an internal regulation which governs the work-streams, 
procedures and the competences of individual departments in this area. 
The Issuer through its Real Estate Appraisal department continuously monitors and analyses the real estate market 
in the Czech Republic and development of real estate prices. The Issuer applies security coefficients when 
approving Mortgage Loans, which, according to the type of the Mortgaged Property, also take into account a 
possible drop in the Mortgaged Property Value over the long term. If, on the basis of a revaluation, the Mortgaged 
Property Value would decrease below the threshold needed for covering the respective Czech Mortgage Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer excludes such a Mortgage Loan from the Cover Pool. 
In the context of management of the Cover Pool the Issuer has defined limits that can be altered only by its 
Asset-Liability Committee (the ALCO) based on analysis conducted by the department in charge of the 
administration of Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds. The ALCO Committee further decides about individual steps 
leading to an increase in the ratio of the Substitute Assets or alternatively to the repurchase of the relevant Czech 
Mortgage Covered Bonds.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
List of Issued and Outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than the Mortgage Covered Bonds) 
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (other than the 
Mortgage Covered Bonds) issued by the Issuer. The data is valid as of 14 May 2021. 
 
Name of the Czech Mortgage 
Covered Bond issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Sum of 
issue 
Interest 
yield 
Issuance date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating  
(assigned 
by 
Moody’s) 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HZL HVB 5,00/25 
CZ0002000680 
CZK 
10 000 
5 
23.11.2005 
15.11.2025 
- 
UCB HZL 10Y FLOAT/37 
CZ0002001910 
CZK 
12 000 
floater 
21.12.2007 
21.12.2037 
Aa2 
UCB HZL 7,00/2024 
CZ0002002983 
CZK 
5 000 
7 
21.12.2012 
15.6.2024 
- 
UCB HZL 3,04/2028 
CZ0002003114 
EUR 
30 
3,04 
7.6.2013 
7.6.2028 
Aa2 
UCB HZL ZERO II./2021 
CZ0002002843 
CZK 
5 000 
zero 
21.12.2012 
15.6.2021 
- 
UCB SD HZL GLOBAL 
10/2024 
CZ0002006240 
CZK 
400 
structured 
26.8.2019 
26.8.2024 
- 
UCB SD HZL EUR GLOBAL 
10/2024 
CZ0002006257 
EUR 
10 
structured 
26.8.2019 
26.8.2024 
- 
UCB SDHZL HealthCare 
Invest 2024 
CZ0002006562 
EUR 
6 
structured 
16.12.2019 
16.12.2024 
- 
UCB SDHZL EUR CLEAN 
ENERGY INVEST 2025 
 
CZ0002006810 
EUR 
5 
structured 
27.04.2020 
28.04.2025 
- 
List of Issued and Outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the English law  
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
under English law. The data is valid as of 14 May 2021. 
 
Name of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Sum of 
issue 
Interest 
yield 
Issuance 
date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating  
(assigned by 
Moody’s) 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
UCB HZL 1,00/24 
XS1892859577 
EUR 
500 
1,00 
16.10.2018 
16.10.2024 
 
Aa3 
List of Issued and Outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the German law  
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
under German law. The data is valid as of 14 May 2021. 
 
Name of the Mortgage 
Covered Bond issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Sum of 
issue 
Interest 
yield 
Issuance 
date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating  
(assigned by 
Moody’s) 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT 
/24 
XS2188797729 
EUR 
1 000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2024 
Aa3 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT 
/25 
XS2188802230 
EUR 
1 000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2025 
Aa3 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT 
/26 
XS2188802313 
EUR 
1 000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2026 
Aa3 
UCB HZL 3M FLOAT 
/27 
XS2188802404 
EUR 
1 000 
floater 
15.06.2020 
15.06.2027 
Aa3 
UCB HZL 0,01/25 
XS2259866064 
EUR 
500 
0,01 
19.11.2020 
19.11.2025 
Aa3 
List of Issued and Outstanding Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds 
The following table lists information concerning the outstanding Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds issued by the 
Slovak branch of the Issuer. The data is valid as of 14 May 2021. 
 
Name of the Slovak Mortgage 
Covered Bond issue 
ISIN 
Currency 
Sum of 
issue 
Interest 
yield 
Issuance 
date 
Date of the 
maturity of 
the bonds 
Rating 
(assigned by 
Moody’s)

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
 
 
(million) 
(% p.a.) 
 
 
 
UCB HZL 1.55/2021 
SK4120010208 
EUR 
15 
1,55 
28.8.2014 
30.8.2021 
- 
UCB HZL 1,20/2022 (UCBHZL14H) 
SK4120010752 
EUR 
30 
1,2 
25.5.2015 
25.5.2022 
Aa3 
UCB HZL EUR 1,40/2024 
SK4120011131 
EUR 
15 
1,4 
15.10.2015 
15.10.2024 
- 
UCB HZL EUR 1,80/2025 
SK4120011123 
EUR 
30 
1,8 
15.10.2015 
15.10.2025 
- 
UCB HZL EUR 0,65/2021 
SK4120011305 
EUR 
20 
0,65 
10.12.2015 
10.12.2021 
Aa3

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer will be used for its general corporate purposes, i.e. making profits. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there exists a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net proceeds for general 
corporate purposes of the Issuer, i.e. making profits, then this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. In any 
case, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds. This may not apply in 
the case of  “green” Mortgage Covered Bonds, “social” Mortgage Covered Bonds and “sustainability” Mortgage 
Covered Bonds, where the Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each offer of 
“green” Mortgage Covered Bonds, “social” Mortgage Covered Bonds and “sustainability” Mortgage Covered 
Bonds to finance or refinance eligible projects selected in accordance with the Sustainability Bond Framework as 
further specified in the Final Terms..

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables present selected historical consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 which has been derived from the financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 issued on 16 March 2021 and incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. The information below should be read in conjunction with the information contained in “Presentation 
of Information“ and the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
Selected consolidated data of comprehensive income statement 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
(in CZK millions) 
Interest income of which: .........................................................................  
14,493 
18,597 
             – interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
13,071 
17,604 
Interest expenses ......................................................................................  
(2,402) 
(4,019) 
Net interest income .................................................................................  
12,091 
14,578 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income ....................................................................  
4,858 
5,387 
Fee and commission expenses ..................................................................  
(1,317) 
(1,385) 
Net fee and commission income .............................................................  
3,541 
4,002 
 
 
 
Dividend income ......................................................................................  
6 
5 
Net income/(loss) from trading ................................................................  
1,859 
1,885 
Net income/(loss) from hedging against risk of changes in fair value ......  
- 
(12) 
Net income/(loss) from the sale or repurchase of .....................................  
499 
489 
              Financial assets at amortised cost 
88 
154 
              Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
412 
335 
              Financial liabilities 
(1) 
- 
Net income/(loss) from financial assets/liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss, of which .............................................................................  
82 
139 
              Mandatorily at fair value 
82 
139 
Operating income ...................................................................................  
18,078 
21,086 
 
 
 
Impairment losses on: ...............................................................................  
(2,798) 
(1,309) 
 
 
 
                Financial assets at amortised cost 
(2,800) 
(1,310) 
                Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive               
income 
2 
1 
Modification gain/(loss) 
(57) 
- 
Administrative expenses...........................................................................  
(7,092) 
(6,949)  
Net provisions for risks and charges.........................................................  
(673) 
342  
               Loan commitments and financial guarantees given 
(570) 
401 
                Other net provisions 
(103) 
(59)

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
Depreciation and impairment of property, equipment and right of use assets
 .................................................................................................................  
(1,001) 
(992)  
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets ...................................  
(548) 
(540)  
Other operating income and expenses ......................................................  
759 
694 
Operating expenses ................................................................................  
(8,555) 
(7,445) 
 
 
 
Net income/(loss) on property and investment property measured at fair 
value 
(12) 
(25) 
Profit/(loss) from equity investments .......................................................  
52 
70 
Profit/(loss) from the sale of non-financial assets ....................................  
- 
228 
Profit before income tax.........................................................................  
6,708 
12,605 
 
 
 
Income tax ................................................................................................  
(1,391) 
(2,483) 
Profit after tax ........................................................................................  
5,317 
10,122 
Net profit attributable to the Group’s shareholders ...........................  
5,317 
10,122 
 
 
 
Items that cannot be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Reserve from revaluation of property used in business measured at fair 
value, of which: 
(11) 
261 
                         Change in fair value .........................................................  
(3) 
329 
                         Transfers to other net equity items  .................................  
(11) 
n/a 
                         Deferred tax .....................................................................  
3 
(68) 
Items that can be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Reserve from revaluation of hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, of 
which: .......................................................................................................  
1,365 
(1,001) 
                         Change in fair value .........................................................  
1,699 
(1,239) 
                         Revaluation reclassified to profit or loss .........................  
-- 
-- 
                         Deferred tax .....................................................................  
(334) 
238 
Reserve from revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, of which: ............................................................  
(211) 
(264) 
                         Change in fair value .........................................................  
64 
(53) 
                         Revaluation reclassified to profit or loss .........................  
(326) 
(224) 
                         Deferred tax .....................................................................  
51 
13 
Foreign exchange rate gains from the consolidation of a                        
foreign branch 
424 
(171) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax ..............................................  
1,567 
(1,175) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax, attributable to the Group’s 
shareholders ............................................................................................  
1,567 
(1,175) 
Total comprehensive income, net of tax ...............................................  
6,884 
8,947 
Total comprehensive income, net of tax, attributable to the Group’s 
shareholders ............................................................................................  
6,884 
8,947

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
Selected data of consolidated statement of financial position  
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK 
millions) 
(in CZK 
millions) 
ASSETS 
 
Cash and cash balances .................................................................................  
4,072 
4,634 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, of which .......................  
17,082 
12,185 
Held for trading  .....................................................................................  
16,542 
11,698 
Mandatorily at fair value ........................................................................  
540 
487 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..............  
20,518 
23,181 
Financial assets at amortised cost, of which: ................................................  
598,431 
626,735 
Loans and advances to banks  ................................................................  
136,955 
185,975 
Loans and advances to customers ..........................................................  
461,476 
440,760 
Positive fair value of hedging derivatives .....................................................  
10,385 
7,198 
Equity investments ........................................................................................  
359 
372 
Property, equipment and right of use assets ..................................................  
6,879 
6,406 
Investment property ......................................................................................  
360 
371 
Intangible assets ............................................................................................  
2,608 
2,345 
Tax receivables, of which: ............................................................................  
1,546 
1,005 
Current income tax .................................................................................  
799 
- 
Deferred tax ...........................................................................................  
747 
1,005 
Non-current assets held for sale ....................................................................  
40 
31 
Other assets ...................................................................................................  
2,072 
2,130 
Total assets .........................................................................................................  
664,352 
686,593 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, of which ..................  
16,812 
11,537 
Held for trading  .....................................................................................  
16,812 
11,537 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost, of which:  ..........................................  
541,139 
576,627 
Deposits from banks ...............................................................................  
105,519 
141,092 
Deposits from customers ........................................................................  
425,147 
414,953 
Debt securities issued .............................................................................  
10,473 
20,582 
Negative fair value of hedging derivatives ....................................................  
7,455 
7,624 
Changes in fair value of the portfolio of hedged instruments........................  
1,636 
1,096 
Tax liabilities, of which: ................................................................................  
905 
1,481 
Current income tax .................................................................................  
57 
659 
Deferred tax ...........................................................................................  
848 
822 
Other liabilities .............................................................................................  
9,312 
8,733 
Provisions for risks and charges ....................................................................  
1,501 
882 
Total liabilities ..................................................................................................  
578,760 
607,980 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
Issued capital ................................................................................................  
8,755 
8,755 
Share premium .............................................................................................  
3,495 
3,495 
Reserve funds from revaluation ...................................................................  
1,304 
(263) 
Retained earnings and reserve funds ............................................................  
66,721 
56,504 
Profit for the period ......................................................................................  
5,317 
10,122 
Total shareholder’s equity ..............................................................................  
85,592 
78,613 
Total liabilities and shareholder’s equity .......................................................  
664,352 
686,593

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
Selected data of consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
(in CZK millions) 
Profit after tax .........................................................................................  
5,317 
10,122 
Adjustments for non-monetary items: 
 
 
Impairment losses of:  ...............................................................................  
2,885 
1,309 
Financial assets at amortised costs  ........................................  
2,857 
1,310 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ...................................................................................  
(2) 
(1) 
Revaluation of financial instruments .........................................................  
252 
637 
Net provisions for risks and charges..........................................................  
673 
(342) 
Loan commitments and financial guarantees given ...................  
570 
(401) 
Other net provisions 
103 
59 
Depreciation and impairment of property, equipment and right of use assets
 ..................................................................................................................  
 
1,001 
 
992 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets ....................................  
548 
540 
Net income/(loss) from the sale or repurchase of: .....................................  
 
 
113 
 
 
113 
Financial assets at amortised costs  ...........................................  
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
113 
113 
Financial liabilities 
- 
- 
Profit/(loss) from equity investments  .......................................................  
13 
(40) 
Profit/(loss) from the sale of non-financial assets .....................................  
- 
(228) 
Taxes .........................................................................................................  
1,391 
1,808 
Unrealised foreign currency gains/(losses)  ...............................................  
424 
(171) 
Other non-monetary adjustments ..............................................................  
(4,558) 
(3,170) 
Operating profit before change in operating assets and liabilities ......  
8,029 
11,570 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, of which:  ..................  
(6,108) 
(2,852) 
                Held for trading .........................................................................   
(6,133) 
(2,850) 
                Mandatorily at fair value ...........................................................   
25 
(2) 
Financial assets at amortised cost, of which:  ............................................  
27,311 
(14,697) 
                Loans and advances to banks .....................................................   
48,946 
14,091 
                Loans and advances to customers ..............................................  
(21,635) 
(28,788) 
Other assets ...............................................................................................  
58 
(451) 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, of which ..............  
6,188 
2,733 
Held for trading .........................................................................  
6,188 
2,733 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost, of which:  .......................................  
(25,250) 
8,995 
Deposits from banks ..................................................................  
(35,452) 
(31,127) 
Deposits from customers ...........................................................  
10,202 
40,122 
Other liabilities  .........................................................................................  
481 
233 
Income tax paid  ........................................................................................  
(2,457) 
(2,072) 
Net cash flows from operating activities ................................................  
8,252 
3,459 
 
 
 
(Acquisition)/sale and maturity of financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income and other financial instruments ...................  
 
1,203 
 
5,590 
Cash proceeds from the sale of property and equipment and intangible 
assets .........................................................................................................  
1,061 
1,613 
(Acquisition) of property and equipment and intangible assets .................  
(649) 
(2,171) 
Dividends received  ...................................................................................  
6 
5 
Net cash flows from investment activities ..............................................  
1,621 
5,037 
 
 
 
Dividends paid ..........................................................................................  
- 
(6,070) 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost – debt securities issued and repaid .  
(10,044) 
(2,260) 
(Payment) of Lease liabilities ....................................................................  
(391) 
(374) 
Net cash flows from financial activities .................................................  
(10,435) 
(8,704)

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash balances at the beginning of the period ........................  
4,634 
4,842 
Cash and cash balances at the end of the period ..................................  
4,072 
4,634 
Interest received ........................................................................................  
15,496 
18,692 
Interest paid ...............................................................................................  
(3,528) 
(3,794)

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The following description of the Issuer sets out selected consolidated financial information relating to the Issuer. 
Unless stated otherwise, all such financial information has been extracted from the financial statements of the 
Issuer incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Overview 
The Issuer is a universal bank providing retail, commercial and investment banking services mainly in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia for domestic and foreign customers.  
The Issuer was incorporated as a joint stock company under the laws of the Czech Republic on 1 January 1996 
for an indefinite period and is registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, 
File No. B 3608. The Issuer’s identification number is 649 48 242 and its registered office is at Želetavská 1525/1, 
140 92 Prague 4, Czech Republic, its telephone number is +420 955 911 111, its fax number +420 221 112 132, 
its email address info@unicreditgroup.cz and its internet address www.unicreditbank.cz. The LEI of the Issuer is 
KR6LSKV3BTSJRD41IF75. 
The Issuer is the fourth largest bank and financial services provider in the Czech Republic, based on its balance 
sheet sum (according to the Issuer’s data and the CNB’s ARAD database as of 31 December 2020). The Issuer, 
together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Group), offers a wide range of banking and financial services 
to both private and corporate clients. Headquartered in Prague, as of 31 December 2020, the Issuer operated a wide 
network of 108 branches and 421 ATMs throughout the Czech Republic and Slovakia. As of 31 December 2020, 
the Issuer had on average 3,347 employees on a consolidated basis whilst the Issuer had on average 3,018 
employees on a non-consolidated basis. 
The Issuer holds a universal banking licence and offers services to retail clients, small and medium-sized 
enterprises (the SME), large corporate customers, as well as institutional and public sector clients and high net 
worth individuals. Key products and services offered by the Issuer include bank accounts, credit and debit cards, 
corporate and consumer loans, real estate, export and project finance, private banking and investment banking 
products. Through its subsidiaries, the Issuer further provides additional services such as factoring products, 
leasing and instalment sales, mediation of services and sales, real estate activities including purchase, sale, lease 
and administration, or consumer and commercial loans. 
As a member of the UniCredit Group, one of the largest European banking groups, the Issuer can take advantage 
of the UniCredit Group’s wide network when offering products and services outside of the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia. As of 31 December 2020, the UniCredit Group operated in 13 core markets, had operations in further 
16 countries worldwide and had 3,490 branches and 82,107 full-time equivalent employees (according to data of 
UniCredit S.p.A. presented in its annual consolidated report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020). 
The Issuer’s business activities are divided into three primary operating segments, differentiated by the scope and 
nature of products and services they offer. These segments are:  
(a) 
the corporate and investment banking segment, together with lease (the Corporate and 
Investment Banking Segment), which consists of the corporate banking and investment 
banking divisions and lease; 
(b) 
the private and retail banking segment (the Private and Retail Banking Segment), which 
consists of the retail banking and private banking divisions; and  
(c) 
the other business segment (the Other Business Segment).  
The table below provides key financial data for the Issuer’s segments:  
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
2020 
2019 
 
Net interest and 
dividend income 
Profit (loss) before 
tax 
Net profit (loss) (1) 
 
(in CZK millions)

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
Segment ...................................................  
7,922 
8,859 
5,005 
8,744 
5,005 
8,744 
Private and Retail Banking Segment .......  
2,955 
3,539 
(95) 
842 
(95) 
842 
Other Business Segment ..........................  
1,220 
2,185 
1,798 
3,019 
407 
536 
Total .......................................................  
12,097 
14,583 
6,708 
12,605 
5,317 
10,122 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for the Corporate and Investment Banking segment and the Private and Retail Banking 
segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business Segment table (see section “Business 
Overview of the Issuer - Other Business Segment” below). 
As of 31 December 2020, the total assets of the Issuer were CZK 664,352 million, the Issuer had 
CZK 425,147 million of customer deposits and outstanding customer loans of CZK 461,476 million. The Issuer 
aims to maintain its financial stability through a strong capital base, with its common equity tier 1 (CET1) ratio 
amounting to 23.36 per cent. and its total capital ratio amounting to 23.40 per cent. (both according to Basel III 
phase-in rules) as of 31 December 2020.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital amounts to CZK 8,754,617,898 and has been 
fully paid up. The Issuer’s shares have not been admitted to trading on a regulated market and are all registered 
in the central securities depository. The Issuer has not issued any shares providing their holders a right to exchange 
such shares for other shares or a right to priority subscription of other shares. The Issuer’s shares are freely 
transferrable. No consent of any of the company’s body is required for their transfer or pledge to become effective. 
Voting rights pertaining to these shares are in no way limited. 
The Issuer has won a number of prestigious awards for a variety of its products and services. In 2020, the Issuer 
was awarded the Best Corporate Bank in the Czech Republic award by the Global Banking & Finance Awards 
and International Business Magazine. The Issuer has also won the Account of the Year category in the completion 
of a Czech portal Finparáda. At the same the Issuer was recognised as the Best Trade Finance Service Provider in 
the Trade Finance Survey 2020 of Euromoney Magazine. UniCredit Group was recognised by Capital Finance 
International Magazine as the Best Social Impact Bank in Europe in 2020. 
In the conduct of its activities, the Issuer is primarily governed by Czech and Slovak law, in particular the Czech 
Banking Act, the Czech Business Corporations Act, the Czech Capital Markets Act, the Slovak Banking Act, the 
Slovak Securities Act, Slovak Act No. 513/1991 Coll., the Commercial Code, as amended, and other Czech and 
Slovak laws and regulations governing operations in the banking and capital markets. 
History and Development of the Issuer 
Although the UniCredit Group launched its activities in the Czech market on 5 November 2007, the entity today 
called UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia a.s. (i.e., the Issuer) was incorporated on 1 January 1996 
(then with the business name Vereinsbank (CZ) a.s.). The Issuer was created through the merger of HVB Bank 
Czech Republic a.s. and Živnostenská banka, a.s. The assets of the dissolved company Živnostenská banka, a.s. 
were assumed by the successor company, HVB Bank Czech Republic a.s., as a result of the merger. The effective 
date of the merger was 1 October 2006.  
HVB Bank Czech Republic a.s. was established by the merger of HypoVereinsbank CZ a.s. and Bank Austria 
Creditanstalt Czech Republic, a.s., without liquidation, on 1 October 2001. All rights and obligations of the 
dissolved company Bank Austria Creditanstalt Czech Republic, a.s. were assumed by HVB Bank Czech Republic 
a.s. The change of name, amount of issued capital and other facts connected with the merger were recorded in the 
commercial register on 1 October 2001. HVB Bank Czech Republic, a.s. became a member of the UniCredit Bank 
Austria AG’s (Bank Austria) group in 2005. 
Živnostenská banka was established in 1868 as a bank oriented toward financing small and medium-sized Czech 
enterprises. It was the first bank founded in Austria-Hungary exclusively with Czech capital. In 1945, it was 
nationalised, as were other banks. From 1950 to 1956, it still existed as a legal entity but its activities were 
significantly restricted. On the day of its entry in the Commercial Register, on 1 March 1992, Živnostenská banka 
assumed authorization to operate as a bank on the basis of, among others, the Czech Banking Act and Government 
Resolution No. 1 dated 9 January 1992, by which the privatization of Živnostenská banka was approved. In 
February 2003, the bank UniCredito Italiano SpA completed the acquisition of an 85.16 per cent. share in the 
issued capital of Živnostenská banka, a.s. from Bankgesellschaft Berlin AG, and thus the oldest Czech bank 
became part of the UniCredito Italiano Group.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
On 1 December 2013, a cross-border merger through an amalgamation of the Issuer (as the successor company 
named UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.) and UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s., which was thereby 
wound up, became effective. The decisive date was 1 July 2013. The merger integrated the business activities of 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic, a.s. and UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s., previously performed by two independent 
entities, meaning that following the completion of the merger, the Issuer performs activities previously undertaken 
by UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. on the territory of Slovakia through its organisational branch UniCredit Bank 
Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., pobočka zahraničnej banky (branch of a foreign bank). 
On 14 February 2014, the Issuer purchased all shares in UniCredit Leasing CZ, a.s. (UniCredit Leasing CZ) and 
further 71.3 per cent. of shares in UniCredit Leasing Slovakia, a.s. (UniCredit Leasing SK) (resulting in a total 
ownership interest of 91.2 per cent.) from UniCredit Leasing S.p.A. for a total acquisition price of CZK 3.21 
billion. The sale occurred as part of the reorganization within the Group. The 91.2 per cent. of shares in UniCredit 
Leasing SK were subsequently transferred as a non-monetary contribution to the registered capital of UniCredit 
Leasing CZ. The purpose of the acquisition of UniCredit Leasing CZ was primarily to extend an offer of financial 
services to clients of the Issuer and UniCredit Leasing CZ through the creation of a new service model based on 
client approach from one place.  
On 20 January 2015, the Issuer completed the acquisition of 100 per cent. of shares in Transfinance, a.s. The entity 
was acquired from a person outside the UniCredit Group. In May 2015, the name Transfinance, a.s. was changed 
to UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
In January 2015, UniCredit Leasing Real Estate s.r.o. was merged into UniCredit Leasing SK. CAC Real Estate, 
s.r.o., owned by UniCredit Leasing CZ was sold outside the UniCredit Group in June 2015. In March 2016, BACA 
Leasing Gama s.r.o. was sold as well, followed by the sale of CA-Leasing EURO, s.r.o., in February 2017. In 
February 2016, INPROX Poprad, spol. s r.o. and INPROX SR I., spol. s r.o were merged into UniCredit Leasing 
SK. Subsequently, INPROX Chomutov, s.r.o. and INPROX Kladno, s.r.o. were merged into UniCredit Leasing 
CZ in August 2016. 
Corporate Changes 
Minority shareholders’ squeeze out 
On 1 June 2016, the general meeting of the Issuer (the General Meeting) decided on the squeeze-out of the 
Issuer’s minority shareholders, based on a request by its former majority shareholder Bank Austria. Pursuant to 
the resolution, all shares in the Issuer owned by persons other than Bank Austria, corresponding to approx. 0.04 
per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital, were transferred onto Bank Austria, in exchange for compensation to be 
paid by Bank Austria to the minority shareholders. In September 2016, Bank Austria was registered in the 
Commercial Register as the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Reorganization of the UniCredit Group  
On 11 November 2015, UniCredit S.p.A. announced its so-called “2018 strategic plan” in which it communicated 
its financial targets and contemplated measures to achieve such financial targets. These include, among others, 
the elimination of Bank Austria’s function as sub-holding of the CEE subsidiaries, including the Issuer, with 
UniCredit S.p.A. assuming direct control of such subsidiaries by the end of 2016. 
The restructuring was achieved through a demerger of the business operations and subsidiaries of Bank Austria 
in CEE, including, among others, the Issuer, UniCredit Bank a. d. Banja Luka, UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt., 
UNICREDIT BANK S. A., UniCredit Bank Serbia JSC, UniCredit Banka Slovenija d. d. and UniCredit Bulbank 
AD, into a special purpose vehicle and the subsequent cross-border merger of this special purpose vehicle into 
UniCredit S.p.A. The reorganization following the completion of the demerger and merger became effective as 
of 1 October 2016. Consequently the Issuer ceased to be a subsidiary of Bank Austria and became a direct 
subsidiary of UniCredit S.p.A. 
Recent Events Particular to the Issuer 
The Issuer fulfils all its debts duly and on time. The Issuer is not aware of any recent events specific to it that 
would be of significant importance in assessing the Issuer’s solvency.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer has not been assigned any rating. 
Group Structure 
The table below provides an overview of the Group structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group comprises the Issuer and 11 subsidiaries and one associate. 
The following table provides an overview of companies that are consolidated in the financial statements as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Group Entity 
Country 
Business Activity 
Parent Company 
Ownership 
Interest 
 
 
 
 
(per cent.) 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and 
Slovakia, a.s. ........................................ 
CZ 
Factoring 
Issuer 
100.0 
UniCredit Leasing CZ .......................... 
CZ 
Leasing 
Issuer 
100.0 
UniCredit Fleet Management s.r.o. ...... 
CZ 
Lease of motor 
vehicles 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit pojišťovací makléřská spol. 
s.r.o. ...................................................... 
CZ 
Mediation of 
services 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o.(1)  ........... 
CZ 
Financing of 
motor vehicles 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
50.0 
ALLIB Leasing s.r.o............................. 
CZ 
Real estate project 
company 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
CA-Leasing OVUS s.r.o. ...................... 
CZ 
Real estate project 
company 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit S . p . A . 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia ,  a . s . 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and  
Slovakia ,  a . s . 
UniCredit Leasing CZ ,  a . s . 
UniCredit Leasing Slovakia a . s . 
UniCredit Fleet Management s . r . o 
  
100 p
UniCredit poji šťovací makléřská spol .  s r . o . 
  
100 % 
RCI Financial Services ,  s . r . o . 
 50  % 
ALLIB Leasing s . r . o . 
  
100 % 
 
100 % 
CA Leasing OVUS s.r.o. 
 
100  % 
HVB Leasing Czech Republic s.r.o. 
    
  
UniCredit Fleet Management s . r . o . 
100  % 
UniCredit Broker ,  s . r . o . 
100  % 
UniCredit Leasing Insurance Services ,  s . r . o . 
  
100 % 
  
100 % 
  
100 % 
  
100 % 
  
100 %

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
HVB Leasing Czech Republic s.r.o. ..... 
CZ 
Real estate project 
company 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit Leasing SK. ......................... 
SK 
Leasing 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
100.0 
UniCredit Fleet Management s.r.o. ...... 
SK 
Lease of motor 
vehicles 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
100.0 
UniCredit Broker, s.r.o. ........................ 
SK 
Mediation of 
services 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
100.0 
UniCredit Leasing Insurance Services, 
s.r.o. ...................................................... 
SK 
Mediation of 
services 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
100.0 
_____ 
Notes: 
(1) 
RCI Financial Services, s.r.o. is an associate that is consolidated using the equity method. The Group holds 49.9 per cent. of 
voting rights and does not exercise control over this entity. 
The following table provides an overview of the key direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus:  
 
Subsidiary 
Description 
UniCredit 
Factoring 
Czech Republic and 
Slovakia, a.s. 
Principal activity is the provision of factoring services, the purpose of which is to 
finance, collect and secure short-term receivables of clients from various industry 
segments whereby the services are intended primarily for small and medium sized 
companies. 
UniCredit Leasing CZ 
Principal activities include leases and instalment sale, primarily brand vehicle 
financing, credit financing in the area of corporate loans, and operating leasing for 
businesses and private individuals. 
UniCredit Leasing SK 
Principal activities include leases and instalment sale for businesses and private 
individuals in the area of automobile vehicles, technology, machinery and real 
estate. Through its subsidiaries, it also provides fleet management services and 
operating leasing as well as insurance brokerage. 
Slovak Branch of the Issuer 
As a result of the cross-border merger of the Issuer and the former UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. on 1 December 
2013 (see section History and Development of the Issuer above), the Issuer assumed business activities previously 
conducted by UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. and has been operating and offering banking services in Slovakia 
through its organisational branch UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., pobočka zahraničnej banky 
(branch of a foreign bank).  
Pursuant to the Slovak Banking Act, the Issuer offers banking services in Slovakia on the basis of its Czech 
banking license granted by the CNB. 
The purpose of the cross-border merger of the Czech and Slovak banks was to create a stronger entity which 
would do business on both markets, benefiting from cost synergies, more balanced capital structure and optimised 
liquidity management.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
Issuer’s Internal Governance Structure 
As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s internal governance structure is as follows: 
 
Sole Shareholder  
As a result of the restructuring of the UniCredit Group, as of 1 October 2016, the Issuer became a direct subsidiary 
of UniCredit S.p.A. (see section Corporate Changes - Reorganization of the UniCredit Group above for more 
information).  
UniCredit S.p.A. is incorporated under Italian law, with its registered office at Via A. Specchi 16, IT-RM 00186 
Rome, Italy. LEI of UniCredit S.p.A. is 549300TRUWO2CD2G5692. It is a universal bank, a financial services 
provider and the parent company of the UniCredit Group. It offers banking and financial services for families, 
individuals and corporate clients, such as accounts, loans, mortgages, investments, financial advices and 
insurances products. It operates through its numerous subsidiaries across multiple countries, such as Italy, 
Germany, Austria and CEE. Its shares are listed and traded on the Milan Stock Exchange. The following table 
shows the overview of shareholders of UniCredit S.p.A. holding at least 5 per cent. of the shares: 
 
 
Shareholders of UniCredit S.p.A 
Shares as at 26 April 2021 
 
 
(in per cent.) 
1. 
Gruppo BlackRock........................................  
5.122 
2. 
Capital Research and Management Company 
5.008 
UniCredit S.p.A.’s business is divided into five segments: (i) commercial banking Italy, (ii) CEE division, (iii) 
corporate and investment banking, (iv) commercial banking Germany, and (v) commercial banking Austria. The 
Issuer is part of the CEE business segment. 
As the Issuer’s sole shareholder, UniCredit S.p.A. exercises control over the Issuer who must therefore comply, 
subject to applicable law, with relevant directives issued by UniCredit S.p.A. The Issuer uses standard statutory 
mechanisms to prevent UniCredit S.p.A’s potential misuse of its position and control over the Issuer, including 
the statutory instrument of the report on relations between the related entities. The Issuer is not a party to a 
controlling contract or a contract for the transfer of profits. The Issuer is not aware of any agreements that could 
lead to a change of control over the Issuer. 
UniCredit Group 
The Issuer is part of the UniCredit Group, one of the largest European banking groups with a focus on Austria, 
Germany and Italy as well as CEE including the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The UniCredit Group and its parent 
General Manager 
Deputy chairman of the BoD 
Corporate & Inv. Banking 
Retail & Private Banking 
Branch Slovakia 
Global Banking Services 
Human Resources 
Identity & Communication 
Finance 
Risk Management 
Internal Audit 
Compliance 
Legal Czech Republic 
Legal Slovakia 
CEO 
Chairman of the BoD

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
company UniCredit S.p.A. act as a universal banking and financial services provider, offering its products to retail, 
corporate and institutional clients in both Western Europe and CEE. As of 31 December 2020, the UniCredit 
Group operated in 13 core markets, had operations in further 16 countries worldwide and had 3,490 branches and 
82,107 full-time equivalent employees (according to data of UniCredit S.p.A. presented in its annual consolidated 
report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020). 
In 2016-2019, the UniCredit Group successfully implemented its Transform 2019 plan, the main objective of 
which was to streamline the UniCredit Group and strengthen its capital position through business innovation, 
digital transformation, consistent risk management, transparent corporate governance and key banking initiatives, 
all with a positive impact on society based on an ethical approach and respect. 
After the successful implementation of the Transform 2019 plan, UniCredit Group presented the new strategic 
Multi-Year-Plan “Team 23” in December 2019. The plan covers the period 2020-23. Focal points of the new plan 
are expansion and strengthening of the client franchise (further improvement of the client experience), 
transformation and maximization of productivity, disciplined risk management and controls and a strong focus on 
capital and balance sheet management. 
UniCredit Group’s portfolio of activities is highly diversified by segments and geographical areas, with a strong 
focus on commercial banking. Its wide range of banking and financial activities include deposit-taking, lending, 
asset management, securities trading and brokerage, investment banking, international trade finance, corporate 
finance, leasing or factoring.  
The contemporary history of the UniCredit Group started with the merger of nine leading Italian banks, the 
subsequent integration with the German HVB Group and, most recently, with the Italian Capitalia. In 1999, the 
acquisition of Bank Pekao of Poland started the UniCredit Group’s expansion (at that time under the name 
UniCredito Italiano) into CEE that continued over the next years through, among others, the purchase of the 
Pioneer Investments Group, the subsequent formation of Pioneer Global Asset Management, and further strategic 
acquisitions gradually carried out in Bulgaria, Slovakia, Croatia, Romania, the Czech Republic and Turkey. 
During 2017, most of the stake held in Bank Pekao was sold to a third party and therefore Bank Pekao in Poland 
was excluded from the UniCredit Group. In addition, the investment branch of Pioneer Investments was sold. 
With the new owner of Pioneer Investments, the Amundi Group, the UniCredit Group has entered into a strategic 
partnership in relation to the distribution network covering Italy, Germany and Austria. 
The Issuer is not dependent on other members of the UniCredit Group, however, there are certain mutual ties and 
connections among the UniCredit Group members, established mainly through numerous refinancing 
arrangements, competence centres for individual business segments to which the Issuer has access, cross-holdings, 
implementation of group-wide IT systems, mutually shared products and standards, as well as through funding 
measures regarding the capital of the Issuer. 
Business Overview of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a universal provider of banking and financial products and services, including retail, commercial as 
well as investment banking, in CZK and foreign currencies for both domestic and foreign clients. The Issuer 
operates mainly in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, but is active also in other EU countries, taking advantage of 
the wide network of the UniCredit Group.  
The Issuer’s business activities include banking transactions and provision of financial services including 
primarily: 
 
• 
receiving deposits from the 
public; 
• 
operating 
a 
system 
of 
payments and clearing; 
• 
providing 
depository 
services 
for 
investment 
funds; 
• 
providing loans; 
• 
opening letters of credit; 
• 
conducting foreign currency 
exchange activities;

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
• 
investing in securities on its 
own behalf; 
• 
conducting 
financial 
brokerage; 
• 
providing 
banking 
information; 
• 
administering 
cash 
collection; 
• 
issuing mortgage covered 
bonds; 
• 
renting safe-deposit boxes; 
• 
issuing and administration 
of payment products; 
• 
participating 
in 
share 
subscriptions and providing 
related services; 
• 
providing 
custody 
and 
depository 
services 
and 
administration of securities; 
and 
• 
providing guarantees; 
• 
managing 
securities, 
including 
portfolio 
management, on behalf of 
clients; 
• 
trading on its own behalf or 
on behalf of clients with 
foreign-exchange currency 
products, derivatives and 
transferable securities. 
Through its subsidiaries and associated companies, the Issuer also provides the following types of services: 
 
• 
lease and instalment sale of 
cars, 
machinery 
and 
equipment; 
• 
purchase, sale and lease of 
real estate; 
• 
operating leasing of cars 
(including full-service and 
fleet administration), trucks, 
machinery and equipment;  
• 
consumer and commercial 
loans 
granted 
for 
the 
purchase of cars, machinery 
and equipment; 
• 
real estate administration 
and maintenance; 
• 
real estate activities;  
• 
insurance mediation and 
distribution for leased and 
non-leased assets; and 
• 
lease 
to 
own 
(lease 
purchase); 
• 
mediation of services and 
sales; 
• 
factoring. 
The Issuer operates through three principal business segments: the Corporate and Investment Banking Segment, 
the Private and Retail Banking Segment and the Other Business Segment. 
Corporate and Investment Banking Segment 
The Issuer’s Corporate and Investment Banking Segment covers various customers including SMEs (companies 
with an annual turnover between CZK 10 and 250 million), medium enterprises (companies with an annual 
turnover between CZK 250 million and 2.5 billion), corporate clients (companies with an annual turnover above 
CZK 2.5 billion), international clients (multinational SME enterprises), financial institutions (insurance 
companies, pension funds and other non-bank financial institutions), real estate financing (developers and 
investors in commercial and residential real estate), public administration (regions, cities, municipalities and 
associations of municipalities) and agriculture (farmers, biogas plants and subsidy programmes).  
Key services and products offered in the Issuer’s Corporate and Investment Banking Segment are: lending 
operations, commercial real estate finance, project and structured finance, trade and export finance, documentary 
transactions, investment advisory, treasury and custody services, capital market activities inclusive of securities 
underwriting for clients, EU funds, maintaining accounts and deposits, payments, electronic banking and cash 
pooling. The Issuer’s subsidiaries further offer comprehensive leasing and factoring services including domestic 
factoring and export. 
The table below outlines key financial data for the Issuer’s Corporate and Investment Banking Segment for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 (which was extracted from the audited annual reports):

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Net interest and dividend income ........................................................ 
7,922 
8,859 
Other net income ................................................................................. 
4,812 
4,692 
Depreciation/impairment losses of property and equipment and 
intangible assets .................................................................................. 
(487) 
(565) 
Impairment loss ................................................................................... 
(2,754) 
(554) 
Segment expenses ............................................................................... 
(4,488) 
(3,688) 
Profit before tax................................................................................... 
5,005 
8,744 
Income tax(1) ........................................................................................ 
- 
- 
Result of segment ............................................................................... 
5,005 
8,744 
Segment assets (end of period) ............................................................ 
491,567 
524,293 
Segment liabilities (end of period) ...................................................... 
374,877 
407,144 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for this segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business 
Segment table (see section Business Overview of the Issuer – Other Business Segment below). 
Corporate Banking 
The Issuer’s corporate banking division offers tailored financial services to large national and international 
corporate clients, financial institutions, public institutions and institutional real estate customers. It provides a 
complete range of commercial banking services and finance products together with access to one of the largest 
networks of banks in CEE, as well as to branches of the UniCredit Group in major financial centres worldwide. 
The Issuer’s activities in this division include, among other things, structured and project finance, syndications, 
real-estate finance, trade finance and investment advisory. The Issuer provides additional services to its corporate 
customers including working capital financing, a variety of domestic and international non-cash credit line 
facilities, such as letters of credit and guarantees, cash management and insurance services.  
The Issuer also provides project financing and real estate financing, where the main source of repayment is the 
future cash-flow from the relevant investment. This type of financing involves the preparation of a business plan 
of the investment that is to bring to the investor a real and predictable future income ensuring the requested return 
on investment. 
The Issuer holds strong position in real estate and infrastructure projects. Loans are provided especially for the 
purpose of (i) investment acquisition, (ii) development, (iii) upgrade, reconstruction and revitalisation or (iv) 
refinancing of outstanding liabilities. Real estate financing is focused in particular on (i) commercial real estate, 
(ii) residential real estate and (iii) land with planning permission for new development. Aside from real estate, 
financing is also provided to (i) industrial and manufacturing units (such as production lines), (ii) energy plants 
(such as small hydroelectric or wind plants) and (iii) public infrastructure. In line with the Issuer’s long-term 
strategy the Issuer’s main focus is on developing its position in the SME/ICC (international corporate customer) 
segment. 
The Issuer’s trade and export activities include (i) bank guarantees and other documentary services and 
(ii) structured trade and export finance. The Issuer’s clients within these product lines include importers and 
exporters in the large corporate and SME segments. As part of its trade and export finance activities, the Issuer 
issues and processes bank guarantees, counter-guarantees and letters of credit (including forfeiting of receivables 
under letters of credit issued by other banks) and also extends export credits under the Export Credit Agencies (in 
Czech, Exportní garanční a pojišťovací společnost, a.s. or in Slovak, Exportno-importná banka Slovenskej 
republiky) insurance cover to foreign importers mainly out of the CEE region. 
The Issuer provides factoring products mainly through its wholly-owned subsidiary UniCredit Factoring Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s. (see below). The products offered include both domestic and export factoring, invoice 
discounting, credit cover and sales ledger management. 
Investment Banking 
The Issuer’s investment banking division provides capital market services and investment banking solutions. 
In particular, this division provides derivative and foreign currency operations, capital market activities, such as

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
securities underwriting for clients, securities trading on various regulated and over-the-counter markets, 
investment advisory and consulting on mergers and acquisitions. 
Leasing 
The Issuer provides leasing products mainly through its wholly-owned subsidiary UniCredit Leasing CZ, one of 
the two biggest non-banking financing companies in the Czech Republic with the market share of 13.5 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2020 according to the data of UniCredit Leasing CZ. The leasing products offered include 
basic credit financing, financial leasing, operational leasing and insurance on financed items, such as passenger 
cars, commercial vehicles, trucks, transport equipment, machinery and technology.  
In 2020, UniCredit Leasing CZ concluded 16,655 new financing contracts with the total value of CZK 11.9 billion, 
which represented a decrease by 26.40 per cent. in the total amount of financing provided as compared to 2019. 
Over the last couple of years, the Issuer via UniCredit Leasing CZ also strengthened its position in the area of 
agro-financing and engineering, as well as in the innovative system solutions. In 2021 (as was the case in 2020), 
the Issuer focuses on growth in the area of automotive and the financing of machinery and facilities in particular. 
In the long-term, the Issuer aims to maintain its leading position among the non-banking financing providers. 
Private and Retail Banking Segment 
The Issuer’s Private and Retail Banking Segment is responsible for the local customer business in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, including the so-called small businesses, i.e., freelancers and companies with annual 
turnover below CZK 10 million. 
The table below outlines key financial data for the Issuer’s Private and Retail Banking Segment for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 (which was extracted from the audited annual reports): 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Net interest and dividend income ..................................................... 
2,955 
3,539 
Other net income .............................................................................. 
1,467 
1,849 
Depreciation/impairment losses of property and equipment and 
intangible assets ............................................................................... 
(651) 
(627) 
Impairment loss ................................................................................ 
(132) 
(826) 
Segment expenses ............................................................................ 
(3,734) 
(3,093) 
Profit before tax................................................................................ 
(95) 
842 
Income tax(1) ..................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Result of segment ............................................................................ 
(95) 
842 
Segment assets (end of period) ......................................................... 
159,435 
149,276 
Segment liabilities (end of period) ................................................... 
189,465 
183,885 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
Income tax is not disclosed separately for this segment. The aggregate amount of all segments is presented in the Other Business 
Segment table (see section Business Overview of the Issuer – Other Business Segment below). 
Retail Banking 
The Issuer’s retail banking division primarily provides the following services: providing accounts for individual 
clients, including the U konto account and the U konto Premium account, accounts for small enterprises, mortgage 
loans and consumer loans, including the PRESTO loan (the PRESTO Loan), overdrafts for private clients, 
insurance products (property insurance, life insurance and consumer protection insurance), internet, telephone and 
mobile banking, cash and money changing operations and supplementary services, payment cards including 
insurance (debit, credit and partner cards), operating, investment and mortgage loans for business clients, deposit, 
savings and investment products (the Issuer’s own or in co-operation with Amundi), comprehensive offer of 
banking products for private clients, comprehensive management of clients’ assets, including portfolio 
management and providing investment products on an open architecture basis. 
The Issuer provides mortgage loans to private individuals and also commercial loans secured by properties in the 
Czech Republic and Slovakia. As of 31 December 2020, the overall volume of total mortgages provided on the

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
Czech and Slovak markets amounted to CZK121.2 billion. Some of the Issuer’s products are unique on the Czech 
mortgage market (such as a variable mortgage, an offset mortgage and a mortgage with the provision of real estate 
adviser services). The Issuer provides mortgages with fixed and floating interest rates, depending on the market 
situation and client demand. The Issuer focuses on providing standard mortgages by simple, fast and cost-efficient 
process. The strategy is to continue with overall growth of mortgage portfolio and to further simplify and digitalize 
the process. 
Private Banking 
The Issuer’s private banking division provides a comprehensive offer of banking and investment products for high 
net worth individuals (with total available assets above CZK3 million, or EUR100,000 in the case of the Issuer’s 
Slovak branch) and private foundations. Further, it acts as the Issuer’s competence centre for all asset management 
services. This division is also involved in creating structured products and offering brokerage services for active 
investors.  
The Issuer’s private banking division is based on a controlled open-fund architecture, which is a unique concept, 
through which the Issuer provides its private banking clients with access to investment solutions from the entire 
UniCredit Group, but also to selected funds in given categories offered by the Issuer’s partner companies selected 
by a team of international experts for the Issuer’s private clients. In 2019, strategic cooperation was also 
established in the area of investment insurance products with the insurance company Allianz. 
Other Business Segment 
This segment includes the profit and loss impacts of activities not directly linked to either the Corporate and 
Investment Banking Segment or the Private and Retail Banking Segment, so mostly the effects of management of 
assets and liabilities (i.e., liquidity and interest rate mismatch). Operating costs of the Other Business Segment 
also include the so-called integration costs, resulting from the integration of the Issuer and the formerly 
independent UniCredit Bank Slovakia a.s. (today UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s., pobočka 
zahraničnej banky (branch of a foreign bank)). 
The table below outlines key financial data for the Issuer’s Other Business Segment for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2019 (which was extracted from the audited annual reports): 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Net interest and dividend income ........................................................ 
1,220 
2,185 
Other net income ................................................................................. 
501 
701 
Depreciation/impairment losses of property and equipment and 
intangible assets .................................................................................. 
(411) 
(340) 
Impairment loss ................................................................................... 
31 
71 
Segment expenses ............................................................................... 
457 
402 
Profit before tax................................................................................... 
1,798 
3,019 
Income tax(1) ........................................................................................ 
(1,391) 
(2,483) 
Result of segment ............................................................................... 
407 
536 
Segment assets (end of period) ............................................................ 
13,350 
13,024 
Segment liabilities (end of period) ...................................................... 
14,418 
16,951 
_____ 
Note: 
(1) 
The presented income tax is the aggregate amount of income tax for all the segments. 
Recent Product Development 
Provided below is an overview of recent development of products and services offered by the Issuer. 
New Corporate Products 
With regard to current trends and new approaches to serving corporate clients, in 2020 the Issuer launched two 
centres focused on remote and digital serving of clients from the segment of small and medium-sized enterprises. 
Thanks to the use of modern technologies and simplified procedures, clients have the opportunity to handle their

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
requirements from the comfort of home and without the need to visit a branch. At the same time, an individual 
approach and personal advice from experienced specialists in the field of corporate banking were maintained. 
New Retail Products 
Since 2014, the Issuer offers an unique free-of-charge U konto account in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The 
Issuer keeps on improving and promoting this product using innovative campaigns, e.g. by rewarding active 
clients and through cooperation with various food chains. In 2018 and 2019, U konto was awarded as the best 
account in Slovakia by Finanční hitparáda. 
Since 2016, the Issuer has been offering the U konto Tandem account, which enables two individual clients to 
take advantage of the same benefits as with the U konto account, such as account keeping or withdrawals from all 
ATMs worldwide free of charge, domestic online payments free of charge and many other services. Each of the 
two linked accounts is completely independent and has its own payment card and the online and smart banking 
service. Further, since 2018, the Issuer has been offering a product called U konto Business, which is designated 
for entrepreneurs. 
The U konto product family remains the mainstay of the offer of retail banking services in 2020 for clients with 
regular income and basic transaction needs, implemented in a simple way through payment and credit cards and 
mobile or online banking. 
Loans 
Since 2016, the Issuer has been offering its PRESTO Loan for Housing, which was the first product on the market 
to offer up to CZK 1 million without collateral, with clients only having to prove the purpose of the loan within 
six months of taking out the loan. The duration of the loan is up to 120 months with interest rates starting at 4.9 per 
cent. per annum. The administration and maintenance of the loan is free of charge. 
In 2017, the Issuer introduced its PRESTO Loan – Consolidation of Loans, which offers bonuses after repayment 
and favourable interest rates to clients who consolidate loans in excess of CZK 200 thousand with the Issuer. In 
The Issuer further extended its portfolio of products by introducing special loans for small companies (PRESTO 
Business and Business Kontokorent). In 2018, the PRESTO Loan – Consolidation of Loans received an award for 
the best financial product by Finparada.cz. 
The Issuer continues the expansion of the PRESTO Loan product line in the Czech Republic and Slovak Republic 
with remuneration for proper repayment. Initially, clients had the opportunity to receive a remuneration for proper 
repayment directly to their account after proper repayment of the loan. The remuneration for proper repayment 
has been extended to include the possibility of early repayment of the loan by the bank, thus shortening the 
repayment period for the client. In July 2019, the Issuer has simplified the product line and left this option to 
receive a remuneration for proper repayment. Thanks to the remuneration for proper repayment, the total cost of 
the PRESTO Loan for clients will reduce and the client will receive an interest rate of only 3.89 per cent. which 
is for everyone. 
In both countries, the Issuer normally offers clients the option of loan with or without the remuneration for proper 
repayment. According to their situation, clients choose from four categories of loans: refinancing or loan transfer, 
simple and fast non-purpose loans under special conditions for existing Issuer clients, non-purpose loans in general 
and PRESTO loans for housing. 
PRESTO Loan – Debt Consolidation was awarded as the best financial product of the year 2018 by Finparada.cz. 
The focus of the Issuer on products with excellent conditions for clients with a good credit history is long-term 
and therefore this low-risk client segment is again the strongest segment of all drawn loans. 
In 2020, the Issuer was awarded as the best provider of the services in cash management according to Cash 
Management Survey of the Euromoney magazine, the best bank in supply chain financing area within 2020 
Transaction Banking Awards of the Banker magazine, the best bank in area of transaction services provision in 
CEE region within 2020 Awards for Excellence of the Euromoney magazine, and the best transaction services 
provider within 2019 Transaction Banking Awards of the Banker magazine. In 2020, the Issuer was awarded the 
first place in category Services: Philanthropy Advisory in the survey of the Euromoney magazine. All the 
mentioned prizes have been awarded in respect of the Czech Republic region.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
Mortgages 
The Issuer regularly receives awards for its products, for example first place in the Finparáda.cz Financial Product 
of the Year 2019 survey or second place for the same survey in 2020. The Issuer continues to respond very flexibly 
to market demand regarding the length of interest rate fixation and their values. The Issuer’s new product, 
refinancing up to two years in advance, has met with considerable success from clients who have concerns about 
rising interest rates and who demand new rate significantly in advance (for this reason, the Issuer registers growth 
of about one-third). Very good responses have also been received in relation to the Free Securities Account for 
mortgage loans (primarily from clients who value having this service under "one roof", without a need to involve 
third parties (e.g. external lawyers)), which allows clients to use their loan more safely – in the case a real property 
is being purchased, the funds are transferred to the account of a seller upon the mortgage loan drawdown. Clients 
who prefer more cautious approach (i.e. prioritize safe transfer of ownership rights) usually use some form of a 
security (or escrow) account to which the mortgage funds are transferred and released to the account of a seller 
once the transfer of ownership rights is completed. In the process area, the Issuer highlights the redesign of the 
internal processes during the approval of the mortgage, which enabled the processing of a record amount of loans 
in 2020 without significant effects on the processing time. 
Payment cards 
Since 2015, the Issuer has been offering a loyalty programme for its clients in the Czech Republic, called “U-
šetřete”, which provides tailored offers, such as discounts with many partner merchants, based on the history of 
card transactions. The programme was created in line with the Issuer’s strategy of customer care. To use these 
benefits, clients only have to register online or at a branch once and pay using a card issued by the Issuer at 
the merchants’ point-of-sale (POS) terminals. Since 2018, the Issuer has been offering the same programme in 
the Slovak Republic under the name “U-šetrite”. 
In 2019, the Issuer made it possible for clients to pay by mobile phone via Apple Pay for Mastercard and Visa 
credit and debit cards, followed by the launch of Google Pay for Mastercard and Visa cards later that year. Apple 
Pay and Google Pay can be used to withdraw cash from ATMs with contactless technology in addition to fast and 
convenient payments. 
In 2020, the Issuer entered into a strategic agreement with Visa and replaced most of its payment card portfolio 
with new Visa cards with an innovative design. 
Payment terminals 
The Issuer implemented its mPOS product, a portable electronic device that allows the acceptance of payment 
cards and that is connected to the authorisation centre through a smartphone or tablet, thanks to which it received 
the Innovative Bank of the Year award by MasterCard in 2019. Owing to the solution linking payment terminals 
with smartphones or mobile phones, the number of terminals installed by the Issuer has increased by hundreds. 
The Issuer is one of the leaders in the field of self-service payment terminals. In 2019, the Issuer was the first to 
install self-service charity kiosks. This will speed up the donation process, attract more donors and connect charity 
and modern technology. 
Insurance 
In 2018, the UniCredit Group signed two exclusive strategic partnership agreements with Allianz and Generali 
for the distribution of insurance products for individuals and small-businesses in CEE. The partnerships aim to 
facilitate a broadened product range for the UniCredit Group’s clients. 
In 2020, the Issuer, in cooperation with strategic partners, launched new variants of insurance on the ability to 
repay loan products on the Czech market and also introduced unit-linked life insurance products in both markets. 
Factoring 
Since 2018, the Issuer in cooperation with its subsidiary UniCredit Factoring CZ has been offering a reverse 
factoring product. This product is aimed at companies with a large number of smaller suppliers that wish to better 
manage their supplier-customer chains and streamline and rationalise the management of their liability cycle. It is

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
based on a software platform that interconnects suppliers with customers and allows the participants to optimise 
and consolidate their working capital and indebtedness by assigning their receivables to a factoring company. 
Recent Development of Distribution Channels 
Branches 
The Issuer permanently continues to improve its retail branches in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia to make 
the retail network more efficient and accommodating and to provide clients with more comfortable and better 
accessible services. Several branches of the Issuer have undergone complete renovation and selected branches 
have been merged in order to increase the efficiency of the Issuer’s branch network and its sustainability in terms 
of distance between branches. 
Thanks to the ongoing development and penetration in digital client service, the Issuer merged several branches 
in 2019 and 2020 and transformed 8 branches in Slovakia into so-called tied financial agents, which are similar 
to the successfully implemented concept of franchise outlets in the Czech Republic. 
In total, the Issuer operated a wide network of 108 branches and 421 ATMs throughout the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia as of 31 December 2020. The issuer piloted 20 ATMs in Slovakia with the possibility of depositing cash 
and plans to deploy this functionality in other locations. 
The Issuer currently does not intend to extend its network of traditional branches and intends to focus on digital 
distribution channels and new ways of serving its clients, which may result in further streamlining of the Issuer’s 
network of traditional branches. 
Digital channels 
In spring of 2020, the Issuer introduced a new, digital multi-channel platform, which brings simple, paperless 
processes for the most important retail banking products for branches, third partie (brokers and financial advisors) 
and for clients online. The platform mainly focuses on sales and self-service processes. Its development is mostly 
done in line with the agile methodology. First pilot of account opening and new customer onboarding was 
launched in November 2020. Since then, the Issuer has introduced initial parts of mortgage and consumer loan 
processes. Implementation of the platform is planned in other CEE countries of the UniCredit Group in 2021. At 
the same time, the trend of dividing electronic channel solutions for individuals and business needs continues. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer operates primarily in the Czech and Slovak markets and is present in all regions of the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia. It is a universal bank and offers services to both foreign and domestic retail clients, SMEs, large 
corporate customers, institutional clients, public sector clients and high net worth individuals, in both CZK, EUR 
and other foreign currencies. 
Competition 
The Issuer faces increasing competition in the banking and financial services market in the Czech Republic and 
Slovakia. Such competition has become more intense as a result of the opening of the financial services market 
following the accession of the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the EU on 1 May 2004. The Issuer competes with 
a large number of other banks, financial services firms and a wide range of insurance companies. Moreover, many 
financial institutions in the Czech and Slovak markets are expanding the range of services they offer. 
Currently, the Czech and Slovak banking markets are highly concentrated. Although there are only a few 
competitors comparable in size and scope of business to the Issuer, the Issuer may also face increased competition 
from less established banks and financial institutions or new entrants seeking to offer more attractive interest or 
deposit rates or other aggressively-priced products to penetrate the market. Several low-cost banks primarily 
focused on providing internet-based banking services also operate on the Czech and Slovak banking markets.  
The Issuer’s principal competitors are Československá obchodní banka, a. s., Komerční banka, a.s., Česká 
spořitelna, a.s. and Raiffeisenbank, a.s. in the Czech Republic and Slovenská sporiteľňa, a.s., VÚB, a.s., Tatra 
banka, a.s. and Československá obchodná banka, a.s. in Slovakia.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
The year of 2021 marks a consolidation trend in the Czech banking sector, including (i) the acquisition of Equa 
Bank a.s. by Raiffeisen Bank International AG (through Raiffeisenbank a.s.), which is expected to close around 
the end of the second quarter of 2021, (ii) re-contracting of retail customers of ING Bank N.V. by Raiffeisenbank 
a.s., (iii) acquisition of Wüstenrot – stavební spořitelna a.s. and Wüstenrot hypoteční banka a.s. by MONETA 
Money Bank, a.s. and (iv) the proposed merger of MONETA Money Bank, a.s. and Air Bank a.s. For risks related 
to competition, see section Risk Factors – The Issuer competes against several large international financial 
institutions and may face increased competition from less established banks or new entrants. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s market share in the Czech Republic and Slovakia was 9.02 per cent. and 
7.30 per cent., respectively, measured by the amount of total loans provided, according to data of the CNB’s 
ARAD database and data of the NBS. As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer is the fourth largest bank in the Czech 
Republic with a market share of 10.86 per cent. in terms of profit after tax and 8.14 per cent. in terms of total 
assets in the Czech Republic, according to the Issuer’s data and the CNB’s ARAD database. As of 31 December 
2020, the Issuer’s market share in terms of liabilities to clients accounted for 6.39 per cent. in the Czech Republic 
and 5.02 per cent. in Slovakia, according to the Issuer’s data. 
The following table provides non-consolidated information on the Issuer’s market share in the Czech Republic 
and Slovakia:  
 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Banking Sector 
Issuer 
The Issuer’s Share 
 
(in CZK millions) 
(per cent.) 
Czech Republic and Slovakia 
 
 
 
Profit after tax ......................................  
47,514 
5,162 
10.86 
Total assets ..........................................  
7,965,122 
648,590 
8.14 
Czech Republic 
 
 
 
Receivables from clients(1) ...................  
3,277,397 
295,665 
9.02 
Liabilities to clients(1) ..........................  
4,901,014 
313,024 
6.39 
Slovakia 
 
 
 
Receivables from clients(2) ...................  
1,685,735 
123,029 
7.30 
Liabilities to clients(2) ..........................  
1,655,037 
83,093 
5.02 
_____ 
Source: Issuer’s Annual Report for the year 2020. 
Notes:  
(1) 
Pursuant to the CNB’s methodology, receivables from clients and liabilities to clients are only included for the Czech part of the 
bank. 
(2) 
Converted using the CZK/EUR exchange rate as of 31 December 2020 at 26.245. Data for UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and 
Slovakia, a.s., pobočka zahraničnej banky. 
Property and Equipment 
As of 31 December 2019, the Issuer held tangible assets and assets arising from a right of use and investments in 
real estate (especially assets provided under operating leases and land plots and buildings arising from a right of 
use) in the residual value of CZK6,777 million, of which real estate owned for business purposes had a book value 
of CZK849 million, real estate owned for investment purposes had a book value of CZK371 million and real 
estate arising from a right of use had a book value of CZK1,963 million. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer held tangible assets and assets arising from a right of use and investments in 
real estate (especially assets provided under operating leases and land plots and buildings arising from a right of 
use) with a residual value of CZK7,239 million, of which real estate owned for business purposes had a book 
value of CZK860 million, real estate owned for investment purposes had a book value of CZK360 million and 
real estate arising from a right of use had a book value of CZK2,598 million. 
Material Contracts 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not party to any material contracts outside its ordinary course 
of business, which any such contracts which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to Mortgage Covered Bondholders in 
respect of the Mortgage Covered Bonds being issued.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
Disputes 
As of 31 December 2020, the Issuer assessed current legal disputes against it. Adequate reserves have been made 
for these litigations. In addition to these disputes, the Issuer has been exposed to lawsuits arising in the ordinary 
course of business. The Issuer does not expect that the outcome of these court proceedings will have a significant 
effect on the Issuer’s financial position. The Issuer does not conduct, nor has it conducted any legal, administrative 
or arbitration proceedings in the last 12 months, which in its opinion could have, or has had in the last 12 months, 
a significant effect on the financial situation or profitability of the Issuer or the UniCredit Group, nor any such 
proceedings is threating.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
The Issuer is a Czech joint-stock company operating under Czech law. Its bodies are the General Meeting, Board 
of Directors and Supervisory Board. The General Meeting is the supreme body of the Issuer, which takes the most 
significant decisions regarding the Issuer, such as increases and decreases of share capital, appointments to 
the Issuer’s Supervisory Board or approval of its financial statements. The rights and functions of the General 
Meeting are currently exercised by the Issuer’s sole shareholder (see section Description of the Issuer – Sole 
Shareholder– Sole Shareholder above for more information). The Board of Directors represents the Issuer in all 
matters and is charged with its day-to-day business management, while the Supervisory Board is an independent 
body responsible for the supervision of the Issuer’s activities and of the Board of Directors in its management of 
the Issuer and which resolves on matters defined in the Issuer’s articles of association (the Articles of 
Association). Under the Czech act on business corporations (Act No. 90/2012 Coll., as amended, the Czech 
Corporations Act), the Supervisory Board may not make management decisions. However, certain matters, 
specified below, are subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. In addition, the Issuer has established a 
special supervisory body, the audit committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is the governing statutory body of the Issuer, which directs its operations, represents it in 
all matters and is charged with its day-to-day business management and all matters other than those that are within 
the responsibility of the Supervisory Board, audit committee or General Meeting pursuant to the Articles of 
Association or the applicable laws. Nobody is authorized to give the Board of Directors instructions regarding the 
business management of the Issuer, unless the Czech Corporations Act or other laws or regulations provide 
otherwise.  
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the Board of Directors has nine members: the chairman, the vice-
chairman and seven ordinary members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected by the Issuer’s 
Supervisory Board for a term of three years, with possible re-election. The Board of Directors makes decisions 
by resolutions adopted at its meetings, which are held at least on a monthly basis. 
The work address of all members of the Board of Directors is at Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic, 
except for Mr. Štrokendl, whose work address is at Šancová 1/A 813 33 Bratislava, Slovakia. 
Set out below are members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Name 
Background 
Jakub Dusílek 
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer 
Mr. Dusílek has been the chairman of the Board of Directors since 
1 April 2019. He is responsible for the Issuer’s overall results and for 
managing the chief operating officer, the chief risk officer and the 
finance, human resources and legal areas. 
Mr. Dusílek started his professional career in the UniCredit Group in 
2003 when he became a local branch manager. Recently, he held the 
position of the retail banking division director and the director of 
strategic development. From 2011 to 2012, he was the chairman of the 
Board of Directors of UniCredit Leasing SK. From 2016 to 2018, he 
gained international experience at UniCredit Bank Romania.  
Mr. Dusílek graduated from the Faculty of Law, Masaryk University 
in Brno and from the Czech Technical University in Prague. 
He received an MBA degree from Hallam University in Sheffield. 
He was born on 17 December 1974. 
Marco Iannaccone 
Mr. Iannaconne has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 April 2020. He is also the current vice-chairman of the Board of 
Directors and the General Manager of the Issuer. He is responsible for

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
Vice-Chairman 
and 
General 
Manager 
managing and supervising the Issuer’s business activities and co-
ordinating the activities of the Issuer’s departments. 
Mr. Iannaccone graduated in economy at University of Venice and 
received an MBA degree at Clemson University, USA. Before starting 
his career in banking in 1999, where he gained rich experience in 
private or corporate banking, he had been working in prestigious 
consulting companies. He joined UniCredit Group three years later and 
held a number of senior managerial positions including Strategy, 
Business Development or CEE Mergers & Acquisitions. He then 
assumed the position of CFO and Vice-chairman of the Management 
Board at Bank Pekao in Poland that used to be part of our Group that 
time. From 2016 he was a Deputy CEO at UniCredit Bank Hungary. 
Before joining the Issuer, he served as Executive Director and COO at 
Yapi Kredi in Turkey. 
He was born on 26 August 1970. 
Alen Dobrić 
Member and Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Dobrić has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1 April 
2020. He is the chief risk officer of the Issuer and is responsible for 
preparing its credit policy, maintaining the quality of its loan portfolio, 
managing all activities in the area of credit risks and adhering to the 
limits set by banking regulations, as well as for managing activities in 
the area of market and operational risks.  
Mr. Dobrić graduated in economics at the University of Belgrade and 
started his career in banking in 2003. He joined UniCredit Group two 
years later, namely UniCredit Bank Serbia, where he started as Credit 
Risk Manager for corporate customers. Gradually, he moved to the 
position of Head of Corporate Underwriting Department. In 2012, he 
was appointed a Chief Risk Officer as well as a member of the Bank’s 
Management Board. In 2017, after almost twelve years, he left for 
Hungary, where he held the same position until now at UniCredit Bank 
Hungary. 
He was born on 17 June 1980. 
Slavomír Beňa 
Member and Director of the 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Banking Segment 
Mr. Beňa has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1 October 
2018. He is the director of the Issuer’s Corporate and Investment 
Banking Segment. 
He has been with the UniCredit Group for over 22 years. In 2005, he 
was appointed as head of markets for HVB Bank Serbia. Thereafter, 
he joined UniCredit Slovenia and subsequently moved to UniCredit in 
Vienna in 2010, where he worked as head of UniCredit’s Financial 
Institutions Group. Prior to assuming his current position, he worked 
as a corporate and investment banker for the Issuer from June 2018. 
He was born on 22 April 1976.  
Tomáš Drábek 
Member and Director of the Retail 
and Private Banking Segment 
Mr. Drábek has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 February 2018. He is the director of the Issuer’s Retail and Private 
Banking Segment. 
He has worked in banking since 2001, of which fifteen years in the 
UniCredit Group. From 2008 to 2011, he held the position of head of 
real estate and subsequently head of retail marketing & segments. In 
2011, he was named head of retail for Moravia region, and a year later, 
he became head of franchising and alternative distribution. From 2015 
to 2016, he worked for UniCredit Bank Austria AG in Vienna as head

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
of market growth initiatives, before coming back to Prague to work as 
head of retail Prague market. 
He was born on 14 January 1978.  
 
 
Massimo Francese 
Member and Chief Financial 
Officer 
Mr. Francese graduated in Economics in Milan and began his banking 
career in 1991 at Credito Italiano, where he held several positions in 
organization, planning and control functions. He joined UniCredit 
group in 2005 as Head of Group Planning. From 2007 to 2012, he 
worked first as CFO and later as Head of Value Management & 
Planning for Consumer Finance business. In 2012, he held the position 
of CEO and Chairman of the Management Board at UniCredit 
Consumer Financing EAD in Sofia. From there, after three and a half 
years he went to Istanbul, where he held the post of CFO and Member 
of the Executive Committee of Yapı Kredi Bank. 
He was born on 4 November 1965. 
Miroslav Štrokendl 
Member 
and 
Director 
of the Slovak Branch 
 
Mr. Štrokendl has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 December 2013. He is the director of the Slovak branch of the Issuer. 
He has over 25 years of experience in the banking industry. In 1990, 
he joined Polnobanka in Bratislava, where he held various positions 
including head of credit risk and head of work out. In 2007, he became 
head of mid corporates at UniCredit Bank Slovakia and member of its 
Board of Directors in 2008. In 2012, he was appointed chairman of the 
Board of Directors and chief executive officer of UniCredit Bank 
Slovakia, a position which he held until the merger of UniCredit Bank 
Slovakia with the Issuer.  
He was born on 12 November 1958. 
Hana Čitbajová 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and Head of the Human Resources 
Department 
Mrs. Čitbajová has been a member of the Board of Directors since 
1 January 2021. She has been a part of the UniCredit Group since 
2003.  
In her professional career, she has held various positions focused on 
human resources management within the UniCredit Group in Milan, 
Vienna and Bratislava. Since June 2019, she has held the position of 
HR Director at the Issuer 
She was born on 30 March 1980. 
Stefano Gison 
Member of the Board of Directors 
and Head of Global Banking 
Services 
Mr. Gison has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1 January 
2021. 
He is an experienced manager in the field of strategic and project 
management. Since 2014, he has been a member of the Board of 
Directors of Unicredit Bank d.d. in Bosnia and Herzegovina to the 
position of Head of GBS Division. Since 2016, he has held the same 
position at Zagrebacka Bank in Croatia. Since January 2020, it has held 
the position of the group COO. 
He was born on 9 March 1973.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board is an independent body of the Issuer, responsible for the supervision of its activities and 
of the Board of Directors in its management of the Issuer. It resolves on matters defined in the Czech Corporations 
Act and the Articles of Association. Under the Czech Corporations Act, the Supervisory Board may not make 
management decisions. However, certain matters are subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. 
The powers of the Supervisory Board include, among others, the power to (i) elect members of the Board of 
Directors, (ii) supervise the Board of Directors in its management of the Issuer’s business activities, (iii) inquire 
into the Issuer’s financial matters and review its financial statements, (iv) grant prior consent to appointment or 
dismissal of proxy holders, and (v) review and the report on Issuer’s business activity and its assets and submit 
its opinion to the General Meeting regarding the same. 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Article of Association, the Supervisory Board has nine members, six of which are elected 
by the General Meeting, while the remaining three are elected by the Issuer’s employees, all for a term of three 
years. The Supervisory Board meetings are held no less than every three months. 
The Supervisory Board also established three committees, each consisting of three members of the Supervisory 
Board: (i) the remuneration committee which prepares draft resolutions on remuneration and annually approves 
the principles for remuneration of members of the Board of Directors, (ii) the appointment committee which is 
charged with nominating candidates for vacancies on the Board of Directors, and (iii) the risk management 
committee which examines the approach to risk management, the risk management strategy and the level of 
acceptable risk, as well as whether valuation of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items reflected in the offer 
to the clients fully complies with the Issuer’s business model and its risk management strategy. 
Set out below are members of the Issuer’s Supervisory Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
Jiří Kunert 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic 
Member since: 
1 July 2019  
Niccolò Ubertalli 
Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
29 April 2020 
Andrea Vintani 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
31 October 2019 
Eva Mikulková 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic 
Member since: 
14 July 2020 
Klára Čapková 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Želetavská 1521/1, Prague 4, Czech Republic 
Member since: 
14 July 2020 
Jana Szászová 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Šancová 1/A, 813 33 Bratislava, Slovakia 
Member since: 
1 June 2020 
Benedetta Navarra 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Graziadei Studio Legale, Via A. Gramsci, 54, 00197 Roma 
Member since: 
1 June 2020 
Goffredo Guizzardi 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A/21st floor, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
1 March 2020 
Wolfgang Schilk 
Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
Work Address:  
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A/21st floor, 20154 Milano, Italy 
Member since: 
1 March 2020 
Audit committee 
The audit committee is an independent committee tasked with overseeing, monitoring and advising on matters 
regarding accounting and financial reporting, internal control, audit and risk management, external audit, and 
compliance with applicable laws and the Issuer’s regulations. 
The audit committee consists of three members appointed by the General Meeting from among the Supervisory 
Board members or independent persons for a term of three years. The majority of the audit committee members 
must be independent from the Issuer and must have at least three years of accounting or statutory auditing 
experience. 
Set out below are members of the Issuer’s audit committee as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Marco Radice 
Chairman of the audit committee 
Work Address: 
Via S. Simpliciano, 5, 20121 Milano, Italy 
Commencement of Current Term of Office: 
27 October 2020 
Benedetta Navarra 
Member of the audit committee 
Work Address: 
Piazzale Dino Viola 1, Rome, Rome 00128, Italy 
Commencement of Current Term of Office: 
24 September 2018 
Wolfgang Schilk 
Member of the audit committee 
Work Address: 
Piazza Gae Aulenti, Tower A/21st floor, 20154 Milano, 
Italy 
Commencement of Current Term of Office: 
29 April 2020 
Conflicts of Interest at the Level of Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Issuer is not aware of any possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of its Board of 
Directors, Supervisory Board and audit committee owed to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
The Issuer has prepared an ethics code based on guidelines prepared by the UniCredit Group that stipulates how 
to proceed in case of a conflict of interest. 
Principal Activities Outside of the Issuer 
The following table provides an overview of principal activities significant to the Issuer, performed by members 
of the Issuer’s bodies outside of the Issuer (beyond the positions outlined above), as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Members of the Board of Directors 
Activity 
Jakub Dusílek 
Member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
CZ, a.s., member of the presidium of the Czech Banking 
Association, member of the Supervisory Board of 
UniCredit Leasing Slovakia, a.s. 
 
 
Marco Iannaccone 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
CZ, a.s.  
 
 
Alen Dobrić 
Member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
Slovakia, a.s., vice chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
 
Slavomír Beňa 
Vice chairman of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit 
Leasing CZ, a.s., chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
UniCredit Factoring Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.,

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
member of the Supervisory Board chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing Slovakia, a.s. 
 
 
Tomáš Drábek 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Amundi Czech 
Republic, investiční společnost, a.s. and Amundi Czech 
Republic Asset Management, a.s. 
 
 
Massimo Francese 
Member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Leasing 
CZ, a.s., Member of the Board of Directors of the Italian-
Czech Mixed Chamber of Commerce and Industry  
Miroslav Štrokendl 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors in UniCredit Leasing 
Slovakia, a.s. 
 
Hana Čitbajová 
--- 
 
Stefano Gison 
Head of UniCredit Services S.C.p.A. organizačná zložka 
Slovensko 
 
 
Supervisory Board members 
 
 
 
Jiří Kunert 
Vice-chairman of the Committee of the Association of 
Friends of Musical Talents, chairman of the Supervisory 
Board of the National Development Fund of the SICAV 
a.s. 
 
Niccolò Ubertalli 
 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of YAPI VE 
KREDIBANKASI, Vice-chairman of the supervisory 
board of UniCredit Bulbank; Co-CEO:Comm Banking 
CEE in UniCredit Spa, member of the Supervisory Board 
of UniCredit Bank S.A. 
 
Andrea Vintani 
 
--- 
Wolfgang Schilk 
Member of the Board of Directors of YAPI VE KREDI 
BANKASI AS, member of the Board of Directors of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Zagrebacka Banka D.D. 
 
 
Benedetta Navarra 
Member of the Board of Directors of A.S. Roma SpA, 
member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Bulbank, 
member of the audit committee at Poste Italiane SpA, 
member of the audit committee at UniCredit SpA, 
member of the audit committee of Buddy servizi 
molecolari SpA, member of the audit committee at 
LVenture Group and member of the audit committee at 
Sviluppo HQ Tiburtina Srl 
 
 
Goffredo Guizzardi 
--- 
 
 
Klára Čapková 
--- 
 
 
 
 
Jana Szászová 
Chairwoman of the Basic Organization of the Trade 
Union at UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia 
 
 
Eva Mikulková 
Member of the statutory body of the Trade Union of 
Banking and Insurance Employees 
 
 
 
 
Audit committee members

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
Marco Radice 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of AO UniCredit 
Bank, chairman of audit committee of UniCredit Bank 
Serbia JSC and chairman of audit committee of UniCredit 
Bulbank AD 
 
 
Benedetta Navarra 
Member of the Board of Directors of A.S. Roma SpA, 
member of the Supervisory Board of UniCredit Bulbank, 
member of the audit committee at Poste Italiane SpA, 
member of the audit committee at UniCredit SpA, 
member of the audit committee of Buddy servizi 
molecolari SpA, member of the audit committee at 
LVenture Group and member of the audit committee at 
Sviluppo HQ Tiburtina Srl 
 
 
Wolfgang Schilk 
Member of the Board of Directors of YAPI VE KREDI 
BANKASI AS, member of the Board of Directors of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Zagrebacka Banka D.D. 
Employees 
The Issuer puts great attention to the choice of its employees, to their further education and personal development, 
for it acknowledges the importance of human resources. The training of the Issuer’s employees is targeted, in 
particular, at professional knowledge and communication skills. 
In the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s average number of full-time employees was 3,347 
and 3,249, respectively.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
The Group is exposed to the following types of risk: 
• 
credit risk; 
• 
market risk; and 
• 
operational risk. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors is responsible for, and approves, the overall strategy of risk management, which 
is reviewed on a regular basis. The Issuer’s Board of Directors has established the ALCO, credit committee and 
committee for operational risk management in order to monitor and manage particular risks for its specific areas. 
These committees report to the Issuer’s board on a regular basis. 
The principal part of the Group is the Issuer; for this reason, the description below relates primarily to the risk 
management of the Issuer. For description of the risk management in the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries, 
see section Risk Management in Subsidiaries below.  
Credit Risk 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risks as a result of its trading activities, providing loans, hedging transactions, 
investment and intermediation activities. Failure of the Issuer’s customers to meet repayments on their loans could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s finances and therefore its ability to pay interest and/or principal on the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds. Credit risk is managed at two levels: at the level of the individual client (transaction) and at the 
portfolio level. The credit underwriting, credit operations, and strategic credit risk management departments are 
directly responsible for credit risk management. All are organizationally independent of the Issuer’s business 
segments and directly accountable to the member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors responsible for risk 
management. The strategic credit risk management department is responsible for directing the Issuer’s credit 
policy, which defines the general principles, methods and instruments used for the purpose of identification, 
measurement and management of credit risk, while the specific risk parameters are defined in the credit strategy 
for the particular year. The Issuer defines within its internal guidelines approval competencies for credit deals, 
including the definition of responsibilities and competencies of the credit committee. 
Credit Risk Management at Individual Client Level 
The credit risk at the client level is managed by analysing the client’s financial standing and setting limits on the 
credit extended. The analysis is focused on, among other things, the client’s standing in the relevant market, rating 
of the client’s financial statements and prediction of future liquidity. The result of this analysis is, among other 
things, to establish a rating that reflects the probability of default by a client and takes into account quantitative, 
qualitative and behavioural factors. The financial standing analysis is carried out, and a credit limit and rating set, 
both before credit is granted as well as regularly during the course of the credit relationship with the client. 
The internal rating system comprises 26 rating levels (1 to 10 with the use of “+” and “–” in several rating classes: 
1+, 1, 1−, 2+, etc., where 1+ is the highest rating class). This system assesses not only the client’s possible delay 
in making loan payments, but also, among other things, the client’s financial ratios and indicators (such as the 
structure of, and relationships between, the balance sheet, income statement and cash flows), quality of 
management, ownership structure, market position, quality of reporting, production equipment and account-use 
history and behaviour. Clients with receivables categorised as in default are always assigned to a rating class 8-, 
9 or 10.  
For receivables from individuals, the ability of the client to fulfil his or her obligations is determined using a 
standardised system of credit scoring based on risk-relevant characteristics (credit application scoring). The Issuer 
sets and regularly updates the probability of client default for individuals using the behavioural scoring method. 
A client’s final rating combines both application and behavioural components.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
As an additional source of information for assessing a client’s financial standing, the Issuer uses information from 
credit registries, mainly the CBCB–Czech Banking Credit Bureau, a.s., the CNB Central Credit Registry, and the 
SOLUS association registry. 
In accordance with its credit risk management strategy, the Issuer requires collateral for credit to be provided 
before the credit is granted (according to the client’s financial standing and the nature of the transaction). 
The Issuer considers the following to be acceptable types of collateral: cash, prime securities, a guarantee from 
another reputable entity (including bank guarantees) and security over real estate. In determining the realisable 
value of collateral, the Issuer principally takes into consideration the financial health of the party providing 
collateral and the nominal value of the collateral, i.e. expert appraisals made by a special department of the Issuer. 
The net realisable value of the collateral is determined by applying to the nominal value a correction coefficient, 
which reflects the Issuer’s ability to realize the collateral if and when necessary. 
Credit Risk Management at the Portfolio Level 
Credit risk management at this level involves mainly loan portfolio reporting including analyses and monitoring 
of trends in certain credit sub-portfolios. The Issuer monitors its overall credit risk position by taking into account 
all on-balance and off-balance sheet exposures and quantifying the expected loss from its credit exposure. 
The expected loss is determined based on internal estimates of risk parameters, i.e., the probability of default 
(PD), exposure at default (EaD) and loss given default (LGD). The Issuer regularly monitors its credit exposure 
to individual sectors of the economy, countries, or economically connected groups of debtors. The Issuer assesses 
the concentration risk of the loan portfolio on a regular basis and establishes concentration limits as appropriate 
in relation to specific industries, countries, or economically connected groups of debtors. 
Classification of Receivables, Impairment and Provisions 
The Issuer categorises its receivables arising from financial activities in accordance with international accounting 
standards, namely IFRS 9. The issuer categorizes its receivables as receivables in default (Stage 3) and performing 
receivables (Stage 1 and Stage 2), 
The Issuer regularly assesses whether any possible permanent decrease in the balance sheet value of receivables 
has occurred. Where the Issuer identifies such a decrease, it creates provisions for each account receivable or 
portfolio of receivables, respectively, in accordance with IFRS. 
Impairment of Receivables in Default 
The Issuer recognises the impairment of an individual loan in default if the loan’s carrying amount is less than 
recoverable amount and the Issuer does not write off such amount (fully or partially). The Issuer assesses 
recoverable of the amount of all receivables in respect of which the debtors are in default (i) individually if the 
amount of the receivable exceeds the equivalent of EUR1 million or (ii) collectively using recovery rate derived 
from the relevant model reflecting historic recovery experience. The Issuer writes off a receivable when it does 
not expect any income from that receivable or from realising collateral related to such receivable.  
The Issuer calculates an impairment loss arising from individual receivables in the following manner: (i) for 
individually assessed receivables, the impairment loss equals to the difference between the carrying amount of 
such receivables and the discounted value of estimated future cash flows and (ii) for collectively assessed 
receivables equal to the lifetime expected credit loss determined on portfolio basis. 
Impairment of Performing Receivables 
In alignment with IFRS 9, the Issuer classifies its performing loan portfolio into so-called stages. If no material 
deterioration in the creditworthiness has been observed since the inception date of the respective receivable 
(Stage 1), the Issuer calculates an impairment loss as the loss expected until the maturity of the receivable but 
within the following one year at the latest (1-year expected loss). If a material deterioration of the creditworthiness 
has been observed, yet the respective receivable still has a performing status (Stage 2), the Issuer calculates an 
impairment loss as the loss expected until the final maturity of the receivable (lifetime expected loss).

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
Provisions for Off-Balance Sheet Items 
The Issuer recognizes such provisions in the same method as used in recognizing impairment losses on 
receivables, taking into account additional factors relating to off-balance sheet items. 
Forbearance 
The Issuer records in the forbearance category loan receivables for which there was a change in the originally 
agreed repayment conditions after the provision (especially postponement of instalments, temporary reduction of 
instalments, extension of the final maturity date, etc.). These cases are recorded in the Issuer’s balance sheet in 
the category of credit receivables without default of the debtor and in the category of credit receivables with 
default of the debtor. 
In case the payment conditions of loan receivables are changed after the loan is granted (such changes include 
mainly payment deferrals, temporary payment reductions or postponements of the ultimate due date), the Issuer 
classifies such loan receivables as forbearance and generally recognizes them in the balance sheet as loan 
receivables with a client’s default. However, following a robust assessment, the Issuer may categorize them as 
loan receivables without a client’s default, mainly in cases when the reasons for the change of the payment 
conditions are not serious and the Issuer does not anticipate incurring a loss arising from the future collection of 
such a receivable. 
The majority of loan receivables classified as receivables without a client’s default are receivables originally 
classified as receivables with a client’s default, which were subsequently re-classified, provided that newly-agreed 
conditions in line with the Issuer’s internal rules are fulfilled.  
Probation period denotes the period during which the client is designated as forborne. This period lasts no less 
than two years and commences on the date of the end of client’s default or of the forbearance (in case the 
forbearance was without the client’s default). In addition, this period can be terminated only if the client fulfils 
the agreed conditions in a due and timely manner, is not in delay for more than 30 days. Due to the size of the 
forbearance portfolio and the procedures and practices describe above, the Issuer does not identify serious risks 
arising from this portfolio. Also, a portion of receivables whose payment conditions were changed in order to 
overcome the client’s deteriorated financial position are later reclassified as without default (recognized in 
the Issuer’s balance sheet as non-default forbearance – referred to above).  
Recovery of Receivables 
The Issuer has established a credit workout and restructuring unit to deal with the recovery of loans in respect of 
receivables considered to be at risk. This unit aims to achieve one or more of the following goals: 
(a) 
“revitalisation” of the credit relationship, restructuring and subsequent reclassification to 
standard receivables; 
(b) 
full repayment of the loan;  
(c) 
minimisation of the loss from the loan (e.g. realization of collateral and sale of receivable with 
a discount); and 
(d) 
prevention of further losses from the loan (comparison of future income versus expenses). 
Market Risk 
Trading 
The Issuer holds trading positions in certain financial instruments, including financial derivatives. The majority 
of the Issuer’s business activities are conducted according to the requirements of its customers. Depending on the 
estimated demand of its customers, the Issuer holds a certain supply of financial instruments and maintains access 
to the financial markets through the quoting of bid and offer prices and by trading with other market makers. 
These positions are also held for the purpose of speculation on the expected future development of financial 
markets. The Issuer’s business strategy is thus affected by speculation and market making and its goal is to

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
maximise the net income from trading. However, if the positions held by the Issuer miss the expected market 
developments, this may adversely affect the Issuer’s financial results and its ability to make payments of interest 
income and/or the nominal value of the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer manages the risks associated with its trading activities at the level of individual risks and individual 
types of financial instruments. The basic instruments used for risk management are limits on volumes applicable 
to individual transactions, limits for portfolio sensitivity (basis point value, or BPV), stop loss limits and Value at 
Risk (VaR) limits. The quantitative methods applied to risk management are included in the following section 
Market Risk Management. 
The majority of derivatives are negotiated on the OTC market due to the non-existence of a public market for 
financial derivatives in the Czech Republic. 
Market Risk Management 
Described below are selected risks to which the Issuer is exposed through its trading activities, principles of 
managing positions resulting from these activities, and also management of these risks. The procedures that the 
Issuer uses to measure and manage these risks are described in detail in the following paragraphs. 
The Issuer is exposed to market risks which flow from its open positions mainly in interest rate and foreign 
currency instruments that are sensitive to changes in financial market conditions. The Issuer’s risk management 
concentrates on management of the total net exposure resulting from the Issuer’s structure of assets and liabilities. 
The Issuer monitors interest rate risks by observing the sensitivity of particular assets or liabilities in individual 
time periods, which is expressed by change in the present values of assets and liabilities if interest rates increase 
by 1 basis point. For hedge accounting purposes the Issuer identifies specific assets/liabilities causing this 
incongruity in a way to meet the accounting criteria for the application of hedge accounting. 
Value at Risk 
VaR represents the main method for managing the market risks arising from the Issuer’s activities. VaR represents 
the potential loss from an unfavourable movement on the market within a certain time period at a certain 
confidence level. The UniCredit Group determines VaR through the historical simulation (250 days history) of a 
wide range of potential scenarios on the financial markets. VaR is measured based on a 1-day holding period and 
a confidence level of 99 per cent. The assumptions upon which the VaR model is based have the following 
limitations: 
• 
The 1-day holding period pre-supposes that all the positions can be closed during a single day. This 
assumption need not always apply on less liquid markets. 
• 
The 99 per cent. confidence level does not reflect all possible losses that can occur at this confidence 
level. 
• 
VaR is calculated from the positions at the end of the trading day and does not consider the positions 
which can be opened “intra-day”. 
• 
Using historical data as a basic determinant of possible future development does not necessarily cover 
all of the possible future scenarios, especially crisis scenarios. 
The VaR calculation divides the calculated risk into an interest rate portion and a credit portion. The credit portion 
of the VaR is calculated based on the volatility of the credit spread between securities and the zero-risk interest 
rate. For this purpose, the yield curves of particular issuers, industries, or groups of issuers with identical rating 
are downloaded into the system for market risk management. Specific securities are mapped to these yield curves 
and the volatility of the credit spread is calculated.  
The Issuer uses VaR to measure interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and other types of risk connected with 
negative movements in the prices of market factors (e.g. spread risk and option risk). The structure of VaR limits 
is approved by the ALCO, and at least once a year the structure and the amount of the limits are revised in 
accordance with the Issuer’s needs and developments on the financial markets. The results of VaR calculation are 
published daily for selected users (Board of Directors, plus selected employees of the financial markets

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
department, market risk department, assets and liabilities management unit, and the GMRC (Group Market Risk 
Committee) of the parent bank and sub-holding). 
Back Testing – Value at Risk 
The results of this model are back-tested and compared with the results of the actual changes in interest rates on 
the financial markets on a daily basis. If the Issuer identifies any inaccuracies, the model is adjusted to be 
consistent with current developments in the financial markets. 
Interest Rate Risk  
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of the fact that interest-bearing assets and liabilities have 
different maturities or interest rate re-pricing periods and different volumes during these periods. In the event of 
a change in interest rates, the Issuer is exposed to a risk as a result of the different mechanism or timing of 
adjustments to particular types of interest rate benchmarks (such as PRIBOR or EURIBOR), declared interest 
rates on deposits, etc. The activities in the area of interest risk management are focused on optimising the Issuer’s 
net interest revenue in accordance with the strategy approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors.  
Interest rate derivatives are generally used to manage the incongruity between the interest sensitivity of assets and 
liabilities. These transactions are carried out in accordance with the Issuer’s strategy for managing the assets and 
liabilities approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. Part of the Issuer’s income is generated by the intentional 
incongruity between the interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. 
The Issuer applies a BPV approach for measuring interest sensitivity of assets and liabilities. BPV represents the 
change in the present value of cash flows derived from individual instruments if interest rates increase by 1 basis 
point (0.01 per cent.), i.e. it represents the sensitivity of instruments to interest rate risks. 
The Issuer set up the interest rate risk limits to restrict oscillation of net interest income resulting from changes of 
interest rates by 0.01 per cent. (the BPV limit). 
Stress Testing of Interest Rate Risk  
The Issuer carries out weekly stress testing of interest rate sensitivity by applying historical scenarios of significant 
movements on the financial markets, internally defined improbable scenarios, and group macro scenarios, and 
simulates their impact on the Issuer’s financial results. In the course of 2016, the methodology for conducting 
stress testing was changed and the UniCredit Group is newly conducting stress tests on an aggregate basis for the 
entire interest-sensitive part of the regulatory banking book. Since 2020, the Issuer has also calculated and reported 
stress testing of the trading book. 
The standard stress scenario corresponds to a parallel shift in the yield curve by 200 basis points for major 
currencies (CZK, EUR, USD), and the main alternative scenario (money market stress test) corresponds to 
a parallel shift in the short tail of the yield curve for major currencies (CZK, EUR, USD), with a maturity of up 
to two years, by 250 basis points. 
Since 2015, the Issuer introduced and maintains stress scenarios for negative market interest rates. As negative 
interest rates are still present for some currencies in the market interest rate curves and a potential further decrease 
cannot be entirely excluded, the Issuer applies a stress scenario to reflect a possible profit/loss effect of such 
further decrease of market interest rates. This approach is applied to the entire portfolio of assets and liabilities, 
including products for which a decrease of the market interest rates (as an element of client rates) into negative 
values is restricted in the relevant contracts or the terms and conditions. With this approach, the UniCredit Group 
shows the potential risk of profit / loss for products for which contractual decline in market interest rates is not 
possible. This change caused that since 2015, the result of stress testing from a shift of +/- 200 bps was 
approximately symmetrical, whereas until this date it was unsymmetrical due to the application of a floor of 0. 
Hedge Accounting 
As part of its market risk management strategy, the Issuer hedges against interest rate risk. The Issuer’s hedge 
strategy uses both fair value hedges and cash flow hedges.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
Fair Value Hedging 
Hedged instruments can be financial assets and liabilities recognized at their carrying amounts (except securities 
held to maturity) and available-for-sale securities recognized at their fair values, with changes in fair value 
recognised in equity. Hedging instruments are derivatives (most commonly interest rate swaps and cross currency 
swaps). 
The Issuer performs a fair value hedge effectiveness test prospectively on the basis of future changes in fair values 
of hedged and hedging instruments and of expected interest rates movements (a so-called “prospective test”) and 
retrospectively on the basis of the real Fair Value changes monitored in the hedged transactions in the past. On 
the basis of real interest rate developments, the test of effectiveness is carried out at the last day of each month. 
The Issuer has chosen to carry out effectiveness testing on a monthly basis to detect possible non-effectiveness of 
hedge relationships. 
For particular hedged items and hedging trades (loans, deposits, securities, interest rate swaps, etc.), the amounts 
of cash flows and dates are determined from the beginning of a hedged relationship until the maturity of the 
hedged instrument, or until the end of the hedge relationship. The present values of particular cash flows for the 
relevant date (date of effectiveness measurement) are determined on the basis of discount factors for specific 
currencies and related cashflow frequency. The fair value of the trade is the total of discounted cash flows from 
the relevant trade at the given time. The cumulative change of the fair value is determined by comparing the fair 
value in the given time with the first revaluation. These cumulative changes are further netted for realized cash 
flows by subtracting or adding them back. The hedge is considered as effective if the proportion of cumulative 
fair value changes of hedged and hedging instruments is between 80 per cent. and 125 per cent. 
Cash Flow Hedging 
The Issuer uses the concept of cash flow hedging to eliminate interest rate risk on an aggregate basis. The hedged 
instruments are future forecasted transactions in the form of interest income and interest expense sensitive to 
changes in market interest rates. Future anticipated transactions ensue from contracts actually concluded as well 
as from future transactions established on the basis of replication models. The hedging instruments are derivatives 
(most commonly interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps). 
The effectiveness of a cash flow hedge is determined in accordance with shareholder standards, which are 
contained in an approved methodology. First, the nominal values (divided into assets and liabilities) of external 
trades for which the interest cash flow (established on the basis of refinancing - the “funding” rate) may be 
considered as variable are identified for specific currencies (hedged cash flows). Second, for these same currencies 
the nominal interest cash flows of variable hedging instrument parts are identified and are monitored on a net 
basis (i.e. cash in net of cash out). 
The Issuer monitors whether the absolute value of future variable interest cash flows from hedged deals for 
specific time periods exceeds the absolute value (having the opposite sign, plus or minus) of net variable cash 
flows from hedging derivatives.  
The time periods are defined as follows: for individual months up to two years, thereafter for individual years, up 
to 10 years, and greater than 15 years. The hedge is considered effective if the absolute volume of variable interest 
cash flows from hedged deals is greater in each of the time periods, and this is measured separately for each 
monitored currency.  
Currency Risk  
Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, including off-balance sheet exposures, comprise the 
Issuer’s exposure to currency risks. Both realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains and losses are reported 
directly in the income statement. 
The Issuer has set a system of currency risk limits based on the net currency position in each currency. These 
limits are regularly reviewed. With effect from 1 January 2021, the Issuer set a limit of EUR70 million for the 
total net currency position of the Issuer and for positions in EUR, and a limit of EUR25 million for the USD. For 
the remaining important currencies, i.e. CHF, GBP, JPY, the group limit has been set to the equivalent of EUR17 
million. For the group of currencies BAM, BGN, HRK, HUF, RON, RSD, RUB a TRY, the aggregate group limit

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
has been set to equivalent of EUR15 million. Minor currencies limits are grouped as well under the limit of EUR10 
million. 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk of movement in the prices of equity instruments held in the Issuer’s portfolio and of financial 
derivatives derived from these instruments. Equity risk arises as a result of the Issuer’s equity derivative positions 
in structured bonds issued for various types of investors. The risks associated with equity instruments are managed 
through respective limits. The methods used to manage these risks are described above. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk arises as a result of the manner of financing the Issuer’s activities and managing its positions. It 
includes both the risk that the Issuer would be unable to finance its assets using instruments with appropriate 
maturity and the risk that the Issuer would be unable to dispose of its assets for an appropriate price within the 
necessary time period. 
Every year, the Issuer plans its liquidity position on a consolidated basis (Funding Plan) within the creation of the 
budget for the year concerned and this plan is subject to the approval by the assets and liabilities committee 
(ALCO). During the year, the fulfilment of the plan is subject to a review. 
The Issuer has access to diverse sources of funds, which comprise of deposits and other savings, securities issued, 
loans taken (including subordinated loans) and own equity capital of the Group. This diversification makes the 
Issuer flexible and limits its dependency on any single funding source.  
The Issuer regularly evaluates the liquidity risk, in particular by monitoring changes in the structure of funding 
and comparing these changes with the Issuer’s liquidity risk management strategy, which is approved by the 
Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Issuer also holds, as part of its liquidity risk management strategy, a proportion 
of its assets in highly liquid funds, such as state treasury bills and bonds and other similar bonds in accordance 
with CRD IV/CRR rules. 
The Issuer regularly assesses liquidity risk by analysing the difference in residual maturities of assets and 
liabilities. The Issuer applies two perspectives: short-term and long-term (structural). In the short term, the Issuer 
monitors the difference between inflows and outflows of liquidity in daily detail over the coming weeks. The 
Issuer has set limits for the cumulative difference between the inflows and the outflows. If the limits are exceeded, 
the Issuer will take measures to reduce liquidity risk. In the long-term (structural) view, the Issuer monitors the 
difference between the maturities of assets and liabilities in periods exceeding one year. For products with 
unspecified maturity (e.g. current accounts), the Issuer has developed a model for their expected residual maturity. 
In this respect, too, the Issuer has set indicators and, when they are exceeded, takes adequate measures, such as 
measures to obtain long-term refinancing resources. For products that may be prematurely repaid by the client 
(especially mortgage loans), the Issuer has developed a model for their expected maturity. The output of this 
model affects the expected future liquidity flows, which are the basis for liquidity risk management. 
The Issuer has drawn up a contingency plan for the possible case of a liquidity crisis. This plan defines roles, 
responsibilities and the process of managing a crisis. It also defines the possible measures which should be 
considered if there is a crisis situation. 
Stress tests of short-term liquidity are performed by the Issuer on a weekly basis. Such stress tests verify the 
Issuer’s ability to overcome extreme situations such as systemic interruption of the inter-bank money market, 
a decrease in the Issuer’s credit rating, IT system breakdowns, reputation risk to the Issuer and combinations of 
the above. The stress scenarios’ results are presented to the ALCO. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk constitutes the risk of a loss due to the absence, violation or exceedance of rules, or failure to 
uphold these rules, and to damages caused by a failure of internal processes, human or system error, or external 
events. Strategic risk, business risk and reputation risk differ from operational risk while legal risk and compliance 
risk are included within the definition of operational risk.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
The Issuer’s organisational structure and its internal rules fully respect the segregation of incompatible duties and 
prevent any conflict of interests. Internal rules unambiguously define rights and obligations of employees, 
including management, and regulate the working processes and control activities. The Operational Risk 
Committee is the main control and decision body regarding the Issuer’s operational risk. All members of the 
Issuer’s Board of Directors are permanent members of the committee. The operational risk unit is an independent 
body reporting directly to the member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors responsible for second level control of 
the Issuer’s operational risk management. The Operational risk unit is entrusted with ensuring unified and 
coordinated approach towards operational risk management framework in accordance with the applicable 
regulations and the standards of UniCredit S.p.A. The operational risk management and monitoring themselves 
are performed by the designated employees of the individual departments. The internal audit department identifies 
extraordinary trends and breach of or non-compliance with directives and it assesses the control and management 
system’s functionality. 
To ensure effective collection of operational risk events and data, the Issuer uses an online information system 
developed by the UniCredit Group. The system complies with the requirements for capital adequacy management, 
in accordance with the Basel III regulation. The data acquired through the system is taken into account when 
calculating the capital requirement as well as in managing operational risk and forms one of the bases for designing 
processes that will lead to a reduced number of particular events and the mitigation of their consequences. The 
data is also used for re-checking the reliability of proposed measures for operational risk mitigation. Data is 
collected continuously in cooperation with the Issuer’s departments. All significant events are reported and 
resolved without delay after their discovery. Based on the collected data, a quarterly consolidated report is 
prepared, which is presented to the Operational Risk Committee and distributed within the Issuer to the respective 
managers. The Issuer’s Board of Directors, internal audit department and the parent company are informed about 
the most significant cases of operational risk on a weekly basis, or immediately if necessary. The data is regularly 
reconciled with the accounting and other sources in order to ensure their completeness and accuracy. 
In the context of the ICT integration towards the strategic UniCredit Group ICT platform, the Issuer continuously 
identifies, monitors and manages any new operational risk arising from change management process in the 
business and ICT/processing area as well as in the processes outsourced to different entities in and outside of the 
UniCredit Group. Further, the Issuer set up a specific risk assessment process focused on ICT risk with an annual 
monitoring and update cycle. The Issuer also performs the annual risk control inventory survey, annual scenario 
analysis and continuous risk indicators and risk limits configuration and updating. The business continuity of 
operations management (emergency planning, crisis management) constitutes another important part of 
operational risk management. The Issuer has updated its business impact analysis and tested the respective 
recovery plans (for crisis situations) for its critical processes in order to ensure their full usefulness and 
effectiveness under current conditions. The operational risk unit is also increasing the overall awareness of 
operational risk within the Issuer and is training the Issuer’s staff by means of e-learning, among other training 
methods.  
Based on the regulatory permission, the Issuer applies an advanced approach to the calculation of the capital 
requirement for operational risk. For this, a group model is used, which is based on internal and external data, 
results of scenario analyses and data on risk indicators. 
From the point of view of operational risk management, the COVID-19 global pandemic has only a limited 
economic impact on the Issuer, associated in particular with increased expenditures on measures taken to mitigate 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic health risk. The Issuer used the already existing tools and resources for 
business continuity management (contingency plans, crisis management, backup infrastructure) and thus ensured 
full operability even in the current conditions of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
Risk Management in Subsidiaries 
The risk management of the Issuer’s subsidiaries is built on similar principles as the risk management of the Issuer, 
but it takes into account the specific features of the products provided by such subsidiaries and their portfolios. 
These specific features primarily include the following:  
• 
determination of the fair value of financed assets when deciding on the provision of funding; 
• 
management of the risk of a change in the market value of the financed assets during financing;

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
• 
valuation and sales activities after an extraordinary termination of a contract (or due termination of a 
contract in respect of operating leases) and management of the risk arising therefrom; 
• 
control activities to prove the connection of the purpose of financing with the existence of the financed 
asset before the conclusion of a contract and during the contract period (including the prevention against 
fraudulent activities); and 
• 
management of the risk of concentration in relation to types of financed assets (classes of assets). 
The organizational structure of risk management, risk decision-making committees and system for the allocation 
of authorities are adjusted to reflect the specific features or products and risks of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. This 
aims at ensuring both the independence of the risk management from business activities and the independence of 
the persons participating in the valuation of assets and their realization from the persons with the decision-making 
authority in the provision of funding. 
Capital Management 
Management of the Issuer monitors the development of the Issuer’s capital adequacy on a consolidated basis and 
its capital position. The regulator of the banking market, the CNB, established rules for the calculation of capital 
requirements and monitors their development. Since 1 January 2014, the Issuer has met the requirements of the 
CRR that was implemented by the CNB through Decree No. 163/2004 Coll. on the performance of the activity of 
banks, credit unions and investment firms. The Basel III rules were established in response to the financial crisis 
and introduce requirements for increased capital quality, requirement for an increased coverage of risks, the 
minimum standard for liquidity management, rules for the leverage ratio and improve risk management and 
corporate governance.  
The Issuer’s regulatory capital consists of the following:  
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital which comprises registered capital, share premium, reserve 
funds, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income from revaluation of financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income, post-tax profit for the period if audited at the time of 
reporting; minus intangible assets and gaps in the coverage of anticipated losses through adjustments for 
credit risk using the internal rating based approach; 
• 
Tier 1 (T1) capital creating of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 Capital (the AT 1); and  
• 
Tier 2 (T2) capital which is the excess in the coverage of anticipated credit losses when using the internal 
rating based approach. 
The Issuer complies with the defined minimum requirements of Basel III rules for capital adequacy, including 
capital buffers. 
Statement of capital for the Group’s capital adequacy calculation on a consolidated basis as reported to the 
regulator in accordance with applicable rules as of 31 December 2020 and as of 31 December 2019: 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Tier 1 capital 
80,852  
71,100  
Total capital 
80,972  
71,105  
Capital requirement for credit risk under the standardised approach 
4,110  
6,727  
Capital requirement for credit risk under the IRB approach 
20,626  
19,430  
Capital requirements for position risk 
333  
367  
Capital requirements for commodity risk 
6  
1  
Capital requirements for operational risk 
2,251  
2,044  
Capital requirements for credit valuation adjustment 
56  
38  
Capital requirement for other risk exposure 
301  
108  
Total capital requirement 
27,683  
28,715

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Entities are deemed to be related parties in the event that one entity is able to control the activities of another, or 
is able to exercise significant influence over the other entity’s financial or operational policies. As part of its 
ordinary business, the Issuer enters into transactions with related entities. These transactions principally comprise 
loans, deposits and other types of transactions and are concluded under arm’s length conditions and at arm’s length 
prices in order to prevent any detriment to any party. 
Related parties principally include the Issuer’s parent company, Issuer’s fellow subsidiaries and other companies 
controlled by UniCredit Group or where UniCredit Group exercises significant influence, the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
and affiliates, members of the Board of Directors and other members of the Issuer’s management. 
The selected data shown in the tables below is extracted from the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the EU. 
The table below shows selected balance sheet information regarding transactions with UniCredit S.p.A., the 
Issuer’s parent company for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 (on a consolidated basis): 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
2019 
Assets 
(in CZK millions) 
Loans and advances to banks ....................................................................... 
1,865 
928 
Financial assets held for trading ................................................................... 
4,576 
1,836 
Financial assets at fair value into other comprehensive income .................. 
- 
- 
Positive fair value of hedging derivatives .................................................... 
2,450 
925 
Total .................................................................................................................. 
8,891 
3,689 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Deposits from banks .................................................................................... 
48,926 
118,092 
Financial liabilities held for trading ............................................................. 
4,390 
1,656 
Negative fair value of hedging derivatives .................................................. 
1,774 
1,417 
Total .................................................................................................................. 
55,090 
121,165 
 
 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
Issued guarantees 
570 
1,490 
Irrevocable credit facilities 
788 
311 
Total .................................................................................................................. 
1,358 
1,801 
The table below shows selected income statement information regarding transactions with UniCredit S.p.A., 
the Issuer’s parent company for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(in CZK millions) 
Interest income .................................................................................. 
277 
296 
Interest expenses ............................................................................... 
(19) 
(193) 
Fee and commission income ............................................................. 
1 
1 
Fee and commission expenses ........................................................... 
(4) 
(1) 
Net profit/loss from financial assets and liabilities held for trading .. 
202 
201 
Net profit/loss from hedging of the risk of change in fair values ...... 
(260) 
(3) 
Administrative expenses.................................................................... 
(65) 
(13) 
Total .................................................................................................. 
132 
288

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
The table below shows selected balance sheet information regarding transactions with key management members 
as of 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers ............................................... 
147 
114 
of which: 
 
 
Board of Directors ................................................................. 
20 
17 
Other management members ................................................. 
127 
97 
Total .................................................................................................. 
147 
114 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Payables to customers ................................................................. 
133 
169 
of which: 
 
 
Board of Directors ................................................................. 
47 
85 
Other management members ................................................. 
86 
84 
Total .................................................................................................. 
133 
169 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
Irrevocable credit facilities .......................................................... 
3 
3 
of which: 
 
 
Board of Directors ................................................................. 
1 
1 
Other management members ................................................. 
2 
2 
Total  ................................................................................................. 
3 
3 
The table below shows selected balance sheet information regarding transactions with the other related parties as 
of 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading .................................................. 
2,888 
1,654 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
2,888 
1,654 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks ...................................................... 
887 
166 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
20 
1 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
697 
79 
Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi AS ..................................................... 
- 
54 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ................................................ 
85 
16 
AO UniCredit Bank ............................................................... 
50 
1 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers ............................................... 
707 
801 
of which: 
 
 
UCTAM Czech Republic s.r.o............................................... 
288 
398 
UCTAM SVK, s.r.o. .............................................................. 
419 
403 
 
 
 
Positive fair value of hedging derivatives ................................... 
5,706 
4,139 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
5,706 
4,139

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
Total .................................................................................................. 
10,188 
6,760 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
Deposits from banks .................................................................... 
3,286 
3,800 
of which: 
  
 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
2,183 
2,973 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
995 
750 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ................................................ 
41 
55 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers ............................................................. 
304 
339 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Services S.C.p.A.  ................................................. 
91 
110 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ............................................ 
3,792 
2,563 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
3,792 
2,563 
 
 
 
Negative fair value of hedging derivatives .................................. 
4,191 
3,310 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
4,191 
3,310 
Total .................................................................................................. 
11,573 
10,012 
The table below shows selected off-balance sheet information regarding transactions with the other related 
parties as of 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(in CZK millions) 
Off-balance sheet items 
 
 
Issued guarantees ........................................................................ 
1,537 
2,348 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
1,336 
1,853 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
113 
325 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ................................................ 
5 
12 
AO UniCredit Bank ............................................................... 
36 
53 
 
 
 
Irrevocable credit facilities .......................................................... 
992 
534 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
517 
433 
Total  ................................................................................................. 
2,529 
2,882 
The table below shows selected income statement information regarding transactions with the other related parties 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 
2019 
(in CZK millions) 
Interest income .................................................................................. 
33 
109 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
4 
2 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
12 
90 
 
 
 
Interest expenses ............................................................................... 
(279) 
(452) 
of which:

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
(188) 
(175) 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
(83) 
(268) 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income ............................................................. 
64 
129 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
13 
12 
UniCredit Bank Hungary Zrt. ................................................ 
2 
2 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG .................................................. 
47 
111 
 
 
 
Fee and commission expenses ........................................................... 
(10) 
(8) 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG  ................................................. 
(5) 
(4) 
 
 
 
Net profit/loss from financial assets and liabilities held for trading .. 
46 
(303) 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG ............................................................... 
46 
(302) 
 
 
 
Net profit/loss from hedging against risk of changes in fair value .... 
421 
50 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG  .............................................................. 
421 
50 
 
 
 
Administrative expenses  ................................................................... 
(914) 
(909) 
of which: 
 
 
UniCredit Services S.C.p.A.  ................................................. 
(888) 
(900) 
Total .................................................................................................. 
(639) 
(1,384)

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
BANKING REGULATION 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of Czech and Slovak banking regulation and 
supervision. The information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of Czech and Slovak banking 
regulation and supervision to which the Issuer is subject, and is not intended to provide a comprehensive or 
complete description of Czech and Slovak banking regulation and supervision. 
Czech Banking Regulation 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Czech banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including Czech Act No. 6/1993 Coll., on the Czech National Bank, as amended (the CNB Act), the Czech 
Banking Act, Czech Act No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the 
Czech Capital Markets Act), Czech Act No. 15/1998 Coll., on Supervision in the Capital Market Area and 
Amendment of Certain Other Acts, as amended (the Czech Capital Market Supervision Act), Czech Act No. 
253/2008 Coll., the Act on Some Measures against Money-Laundering and Financing of Terrorism, as amended, 
Czech Act No. 370/2017 Coll., on Payment Services, as amended, the Czech Bonds Act, the Czech Act No. 
93/2009 Coll., on Auditors, as amended, Czech Act No. 377/2005 Coll., on Supplementary Supervision over 
Banks, Credit Unions, Electronic Money Institutions, Insurance Companies and Investment Firms in Financial 
Conglomerates and amending some other acts, as amended (the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act), Czech 
Act No. 374/2015 Coll., on Recovery and Resolution in the Financial Market, as amended (the Czech Recovery 
and Resolution Act), Czech Act No. 257/2016 Coll., on Consumer Credit, as amended (the Czech Consumer 
Credit Act) and certain regulations issued by the CNB (known as measures and decrees) as well as directly 
applicable EU laws and regulations. 
The CNB 
The CNB exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Czech 
financial sector (including the capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector). The CNB also carries out the traditional activities of a central 
bank including fostering price stability through monetary policy as well as fostering financial stability and safe 
functioning of the financial system in the Czech Republic. 
As a general rule, the CNB exercises banking supervision over Czech banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Czech Republic) and Czech branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in EEA countries other than the Czech Republic which are conducting their banking business in the 
Czech Republic through a Czech branch passported in the Czech Republic, or without establishment of a Czech 
branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to supervision by their 
home country regulators, although their supervision is also partially carried out by the CNB. 
Under the Czech CNB Act and the Czech Banking Act, the CNB is empowered with an array of powers to regulate 
and supervise the Czech banking system. These powers, among others, include the power to: (i) grant banking 
licences; (ii) issue regulations containing the terms and conditions of entry into the banking sector and setting 
down prudential rules for specific areas of banking business; (iii) monitor the activities of banks, branches of 
foreign banks and credit unions; (iv) perform examinations (inspections) in banks, including foreign bank 
branches and credit unions; (v) grant prior consents to certain activities involving a bank, including the acquisition 
of a participation in a bank, the disposal of a bank’s business, the merger or winding up of a bank, or the 
termination of a bank’s activities; and (vi) impose remedial measures and penalties for Shortcomings detected in 
banks’ activities (see section Remedial Measures and Penalties below). 
Licensing 
As a general rule, only joint-stock companies that have been granted a banking licence by the CNB in compliance 
with the Czech Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Czech Republic as a bank. Certain exceptions apply 
to foreign banks established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Czech Republic 
through their Czech branch or on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services. Licences are issued 
for an indefinite period of time and contain a list of the activities that the respective bank is permitted to conduct. 
In some cases, licences also contain conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
activity or while conducting that activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of 
investment services and certain custodian services, may be conditional upon the fulfilment of special conditions. 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the CNB 
In a number of cases, the Czech Banking Act requires banks or other legal or natural persons to apply for consent 
from the CNB or to notify the CNB before executing particular transactions or operations. 
Prior consent of the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to acquire or increase a direct 
or indirect participation in a Czech bank so that it would reach or exceed 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per cent. or 
50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would become the bank’s 
controlling entity or have the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the bank’s management (this duty 
also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) in order to enter into an agreement pursuant to which the business 
enterprise of the bank or a part thereof is disposed of; (iii) in order to merge or divide the bank or to transfer its 
assets to its shareholder; (iv) for a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders to wind up the bank or cease 
to carry out any activity for which a licence is required; and (v) in order to reduce the capital of the bank, unless 
the capital is being reduced to cover a loss. 
A prior notification to the CNB is required, without limitation: (i) where a person proposes to completely dispose 
of or reduce a direct or indirect participation in a bank so that it would fall below 10 per cent., 20 per cent., 30 per 
cent. or 50 per cent. of the registered capital or of the voting rights, or so that the acquirer would cease to be the 
bank’s controlling entity or cease to have the possibility of exercising a significant influence over the bank’s 
management (this duty also applies to persons acting in concert); (ii) of changes proposed to a bank’s articles of 
association relating to the parts that are required by law; (iii) of proposed personnel changes in the Board of 
Directors and senior management of the bank; (iv) of the bank’s intent to establish a legal entity (subsidiary), 
branch or representation abroad or to provide services abroad without establishing a branch; and (v) of the identity 
of a bank’s auditor. 
A subsequent notification to the CNB must be filed by a Czech bank without undue delay upon any acquisition 
of a participation in a legal entity, incorporation of a legal entity or participation in its incorporation if the Czech 
bank acquired or holds a direct or indirect participation in such legal entity of at least 10 per cent. of the registered 
capital or of the voting rights, or so that the Czech bank would become the legal entity’s controlling entity or has 
the possibility to exercise a significant influence over the legal entity’s management.  
Capital Adequacy Requirements 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the BCBS) published its final standards on the 
revised capital adequacy framework, known as Basel III, which tightened the definition of capital and requires 
banks to maintain capital buffers on top of minimum capital requirements. On 27 June 2013, the CRD IV and the 
CRR, transposing Basel III into EU-law, have been published. 
The CRR (an EU-regulation which directly applies in all EU-Member States without any further national 
implementation steps) entered into force on 1 January 2014. Certain Czech laws (including amendments to the 
Czech Banking Act and an implementing Decree of the CNB No. 163/2014 Coll., on the Performance of the 
Activities of Banks, Credit Unions and Investment Firms, as amended (the Prudential Rules Decree)) 
implementing the CRD IV into Czech law were subsequently amended or newly promulgated in 2014, 
Thus, since 2014, the prudential requirements, in particular the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the 
Issuer have been substantially changed.  
Under the new rules, the only capital instruments eligible as own funds are: (i) CET 1 instruments; (ii) AT 1 
instruments (CET 1 and AT 1 together constituting the Tier 1); and (iii) tier 2 instruments (the Tier 2). 
Institutions are required at all times to satisfy the following capital ratios for own funds: (i) a CET 1 ratio of 4.5 
per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 ratio of 6 per cent.; and (iii) a total capital ratio constituted of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 of 8 per 
cent., all expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount. The total risk exposure amount is in principle 
the sum of risk-weighted exposure amounts for credit risk, as well as the own funds requirements for market risk 
and operational risk

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
Therefore, while the total capital an institution needs to hold remains at 8 per cent., the share that has to be of the 
highest quality (i.e. CET 1) increased from 2 per cent. to 4.5 per cent.  
The new rules established the following new capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the 
countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the systemic risk buffer, (iv) the global systemic institutions buffer and (v) the 
other systemic institutions buffer. The capital conservation buffer is equal to 2.5 per cent. The countercyclical 
capital buffer is 0.5 per cent. in the Czech Republic since 5 March 2021 and it is to be increased to 1 per cent. 
with effect from 1 July 2022. The countercyclial capital buffer is 1.0 per cent. in Slovakia. The systemic risk 
buffer applicable to the Issuer is 2.0 per cent. as from 1 January 2017. The other systemic institutions buffer 
applicable to the Issuer is equal to 0 per cent. 
On top of these own funds requirements, the competent authorities may add extra capital requirements to cover 
other risks following a supervisory review and institutions may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital 
on their own.  
Under Basel III, banks (such as the Issuer) are required to meet two new liquidity standards: (i) LCR and (ii) 
NSFR. The LCR requires banks to hold an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that can be used 
to offset the net cash outflows the bank would encounter under an acute short term stress scenario specified by 
supervisors. The NSFR measures the amount of longer term, stable sources of funding available to a bank in 
relation to the stable funding it requires over a one year period of extended stress, given the liquidity profiles of 
its assets and its off balance sheet exposures. 
At the same time, the criteria for each capital instrument became more stringent; due to harmonized definitions of 
adjustments made to capital in order to determine the amount of regulatory capital that is prudent to recognise for 
regulatory purposes, the effective level of required regulatory capital has been increased significantly.  
In relation to the COVID-19 outbreak, the ECB announced in a press release dated 12 March 202040 an 
introduction of certain extraordinary measures to ensure the ability of banks to continue to fund the real economy 
and provide significant capital relief to banks in support of the economy. This means that ECB will allow banks 
to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 requirements (i.e. a capital requirement 
which applies in addition to, and covers risks which are underestimated or not covered by, the minimum capital 
requirement – also known as the Pillar 1) could also be met by partial use of capital instruments that do not qualify 
as CET1, for example AT 1 or Tier 2 instruments. Further to these measures, the banks are recommended to 
continue to apply sound underwriting standards, pursue adequate policies regarding the recognition and coverage 
of non-performing exposures and conduct capital planning.  
In respect of credit risk, in order to calculate their risk-weighted exposure amounts, institutions shall apply either 
the standardised approach or (if permitted by the competent authorities) the internal ratings based approach (the 
IRB). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is using the IRB. 
Apart from the prudential requirements on own funds and regulatory capital described above, Czech credit 
institutions are subject to numerous other regulatory requirements stipulated by EU-law, including limits on large 
exposures, liquidity requirements, leverage ratios, as well as reporting and notification obligations. Credit 
institutions have to comply with such prudential and regulatory requirements not only on an individual level, but 
also on a group level. 
The CNB is authorised to apply certain remedial measures linked to failure to meet capital adequacy criteria. For 
example, if a bank’s capital ratio falls below two thirds of the minimum limit currently set at 8 per cent., the CNB 
may require the bank, among other things, to increase its capital to a sufficient level, to limit the acquisition of 
certain higher-risk assets, to refrain from paying interest on deposits where relevant interest rates would be in 
excess of the then current market level or to cease providing any loans to persons that have close personal or 
proprietary links with the bank. If the ratio falls below one third of the prescribed minimum, the CNB is obliged 
to revoke the bank’s licence, unless the bank is subject to a crisis resolution measure (in Czech, opatření k řešení 
krize) pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act. 
Furthermore, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published its proposal for an EU Banking reform 
package including proposals to amend the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD (the EU Banking Reform) as part of 
the finalisation of the Basel III framework and its implementation in the EU. The individual pieces of law forming 
                                                     
40 Source: https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2020/html/ssm.pr200312~43351ac3ac.en.html

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
the EU Banking Reform were adopted on 20 May 2019. The amendments include, inter alia, introduction of a 
new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt, changes to the market risk framework by implementing the 
fundamental review of the trading book, changes to the counterparty credit risk framework, introduction of a 
leverage ratio requirement, binding implementation of the NSFR, revisions to the Pillar 2 framework and revisions 
to the framework concerning interest rate risk in the banking book. Until the EU Banking Reform is adopted and 
implemented into Czech law in its final form, its impact on the Issuer and its business is uncertain. 
Financial Conglomerates 
Starting in September 2005, the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act came into force implementing Directive 
2002/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2002 on the supplementary 
supervision of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act, a bank is considered to be a “regulated person” when under 
certain circumstances it is subject to a regulation of the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act. 
According to the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act a financial conglomerate is a group or subgroup if: 
1. 
the group or subgroup is headed by: (i) a regulated person, such as a bank, credit institution, insurance 
company or securities broker, which either: (a) controls a person in the financial sector; or (b) is a person 
who exercises a significant influence on a person in the financial sector; or (c) is a person connected to 
other person in financial sector through a unified management (d) is a person, the majority of whose 
members of statutory, managing and supervisory bodies comprise during most of the relevant accounting 
period individuals or persons, who are at the same time members of the statutory, managing and 
supervisory bodies of another person in the financial sector, or (ii) a person who is not a regulated person, 
provided the activity of the group is performed predominantly in the financial sector; 
2. 
at least one person in the group or subgroup belongs to the insurance sector and at least one person in the 
group or subgroup belongs to the banking sector or investment services sector; and 
3. 
the activities in the insurance sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate and the activities in the 
banking sector and investment services sector of the group or subgroup in their aggregate are significant 
(where the extent of the sector’s significance is specified in detail in the Czech Financial Conglomerates 
Act). 
The supplementary regulation under the Czech Financial Conglomerates Act concerns mainly the following three 
areas at the level of the financial conglomerate: 
(a) 
capital adequacy; 
(b) 
risk management; and 
(c) 
intra-group transactions. 
The supplementary supervision is exercised at the level of the financial conglomerate, i.e. at the level of the 
regulated entity which is at the top of the financial conglomerate, or at the level of the regulated entity, the parent 
of which is a mixed financial holding company (i.e., a non-regulated entity controls a regulated entity) which has 
its head office in the EU. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not considered a regulated person subject to supplementary 
supervision at the level of financial conglomerate. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the Czech CNB Act, the CNB may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a 
pre-specified amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accounts with the CNB. The 
required minimum reserves may not exceed 30 per cent. of the total liabilities of the institution required to hold 
such reserves, net of its liabilities owed to other regulated persons. Currently, the CNB requires minimum reserves 
to amount to at least 2 per cent. of the aggregate of the following liabilities to entities other than banks or foreign 
banks with a maturity of up to two years: (i) customer deposits; (ii) loans accepted from customers; (iii) holdings 
by non-banking entities of outstanding non-marketable securities; and (iv) holdings by non-banking entities of 
other outstanding debt securities. Minimum reserves are calculated from liabilities denominated in CZK as well

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
as other currencies. Failure by a bank or a branch of a foreign bank established outside the EEA to meet minimum 
reserve requirements exposes the bank to interest penalties equal to twice the average Lombard rate applicable 
during the period in which it was obliged to meet such minimum reserve requirements. 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, banks operating in the Czech Republic are 
required to monitor and manage liquidity risk. A bank must establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. Banks must also maintain a stable and diversified funding portfolio and manage 
relationships with their principal creditors. For further details on how the Issuer manages liquidity risk, see section 
Description of the Issuer – Risk Management – Types of Risk Managed — Liquidity Risk. 
Classification of Receivables and Impairment 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the CRR and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to classify their exposures (especially those originating from 
granting of credit) according to the likelihood of default on such receivables into the following classes: (i) 
performing exposures; and (ii) non-performing exposures. The classification is realised in accordance with the 
approach to classification of exposures set out in the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 680/2014 
of April 2014 laying down implementing technical standards with regard to supervisory reporting of institutions 
according to CRR. Following such classification, Czech banks and branches of foreign banks must follow 
procedures set by the Prudential Rules Decree to set amounts of expected losses on the exposures and create 
provisions and reserves to cover them.  
Large Exposures 
Under the Czech Banking Act, the Prudential Rules Decree and the CRR, Czech banks and branches of foreign 
banks established outside the EEA are required to comply with large exposure rules established by the CRR that 
limit the amount of their assets and off-balance-sheet items in respect of a person or economically connected 
group of persons. For the purposes of these rules, a large exposure to a person or economically connected group 
of persons is deemed to exist if the exposure value is equal to or higher than 10 per cent. of a bank’s eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, a Czech bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk 
mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25 per cent. of its eligible capital. 
If a group of connected clients includes one or more credit institutions or investment firms, the value of the 
exposure must not exceed 25 per cent. of a Czech bank’s eligible capital or EUR150 million, whichever is higher, 
provided that the sum of exposure values, after taking into account the credit risk mitigation, to all connected 
clients that are not credit institutions or investment firms must not exceed 25 per cent. of the Czech bank’s eligible 
capital. 
As a general rule, trading portfolio exposure to a person or economically connected group of persons may not 
exceed 600 per cent. of the sum of the eligible capital.  
Qualified Participations 
The Czech Banking Act defines a qualified participation as a direct or indirect participation in an entity which 
represents 10 per cent. or more of the registered capital or voting rights of such entity, or which makes it possible 
to exercise significant influence over the management of such entity. Under the CRR, a qualified participation 
held by a bank or its consolidated group in a non-financial institution (i.e., an entity that is neither a Czech bank, 
a foreign bank, a financial institution nor an ancillary services undertaking) may not exceed (i) in respect of a 
single legal entity, 15 per cent. of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital and (ii) in respect of all 
legal entities, a total of 60 per cent. of the bank’s or the consolidated group’s eligible capital. These limits do not 
apply in specific limited circumstances. 
Under the Czech Banking Act, a bank may acquire a participation or share in another legal entity, incorporate 
another legal entity or participate in its incorporation only if: (a) the bank does not become a participant with 
unlimited liability; (b) the legal entity is not a person having a qualified participation in such bank (with some

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
exemptions stated by the Czech Banking Act); (c) there are no legal or other obstacles to effective supervision of 
the bank’s activities; or (d) the investment is in compliance with the total strategy of the bank and the bank controls 
the risks connected with such investment, in particular, in light of the eventual obligations of the bank arising 
therefrom. 
Disclosure of Information 
Banks are required to disclose and file with the CNB a number of reports, including quarterly and annual reports. 
The form of the reports is specified in various CNB decrees. The annual report must contain, among other things, 
the bank’s financial statements and the external auditor’s report. Since 2002, banks’ internal risk management 
systems must also be audited by statutory auditors, unless the CNB waives this requirement or limits it to only 
some parts thereof. The CNB reviews these reports and monitors whether regulations on liquidity, large exposures, 
capital adequacy, capital, qualified participations and other matters have been observed. Banks are also required 
to introduce effective mechanisms for dealing with customer complaints and to inform customers about these 
mechanisms in their premises. Banks must also disclose basic information about themselves, their shareholder 
structure, the structure of the consolidated group to which they belong, and their activities and financial situation 
on their website. Certain banks are also obliged to disclose information on compliance with the prudential rules. 
Deposit Insurance 
Primary deposits with Czech banks are insured with the Deposit Insurance Fund operated by the Financial Market 
Guarantee System established pursuant to the Czech Recovery and Resolution Act (the Deposit Insurance Fund). 
All Czech banks and branches of foreign banks outside the EEA must participate in this deposit insurance scheme 
and contribute to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Deposit Insurance Fund is financed from contributions from 
banks, funds obtained at the financial market, subsidies, repayable financial assistance and loans provided by the 
CNB, investment yields on its funds and proceeds from finalised insolvency and liquidation proceedings. 
The condition for insuring each deposit is that the person making the deposit is duly identified, as follows: 
• 
in the case of individuals, the deposit must be identified by the individual’s name, surname, personal 
identification number or date of birth and address; and 
• 
in the case of legal entities, the deposit must be identified by the legal entity’s name, registered seat and, 
in the case of Czech legal entities, their identification number. 
Neither individuals nor legal entities need to apply for deposit insurance in order for their deposits to be covered. 
A deposit kept at a bank, building society or co-operative savings bank is insured automatically by operation of 
law. 
Subject to applicable limitations, deposit insurance covers all claims arising from deposits held in CZK or in other 
currencies registered as credit balances on accounts or deposit books, or evidenced by a certificate of deposit, 
deposit slip or another comparable document, and any interest accrued on such deposits. The deposit insurance 
does not cover deposit claims of banks, foreign banks, financial institutions, health insurance companies, state 
funds and certain other entities, such as members of the management or certain significant shareholders of the 
bank. Claims from subordinated debt and bills of exchange and other securities are also not covered by deposit 
insurance. 
The level of insurance coverage is calculated by aggregating the insured deposits of each depositor with the 
particular bank. Since 1 January 2011, the amount that can be paid to a depositor under the scheme is equal to 100 
per cent. of the aggregate of its deposits and is capped at the amount of EUR100,000 per depositor per bank. For 
this purpose, the amounts paid in respect of deposits on joint accounts are proportionately allocated to each joint 
account holder. Since 1 January 2016, legislation has defined exceptional cases where even higher compensation 
may be paid out for a defined period of time. This increased compensation can exceed the basic limit of 
EUR100,000 by a maximum of an additional EUR100,000. Such exceptional cases are e.g. deposit compensations 
for deposits resulting from real estate transactions related to private residential properties, settlement of the 
common property of spouses after divorce, insurance settlement (in the case of injury, illness, invalidity or death) 
and in other cases determined by law.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
A yearly contribution of a Czech bank to the Deposit Insurance Fund is calculated pursuant to a formula published 
by the CNB, which takes into account the amount of the insured deposits and the risk profile of the institution. In 
2020, the Issuer paid a yearly contribution to the Deposit Insurance Fund in the amount equal to CZK 39.1 million. 
Remedial Measures and Penalties 
Under Czech law, banks are obliged to carry out their business in a prudential manner, in particular in a manner 
that does not impair the interests of depositors in respect of recoverability of their interests or endanger the bank’s 
safety and soundness. Banks are also required to observe all applicable legal rules and regulations, including the 
terms and conditions stipulated in their licence. If the CNB detects any Shortcomings in the activities of a bank, 
it is authorised, among other things to: (i) require the bank to remedy the situation within a specified period by, 
for example, restricting some of the bank’s activities, replacing persons in the bank’s management or the bank’s 
supervisory board, or creating adequate provisions and reserves; (ii) change the bank’s licence by excluding or 
restricting some of the activities listed in the bank’s licence; (iii) order an extraordinary audit at the expense of 
the bank; (iv) impose a fine of up to CZK 50 million or, in some cases, of up to 10 per cent. of annual net turnover 
of the bank or the consolidated accounts of the parent undertaking; (v) require a reduction of the bank’s capital to 
cover any loss (to the extent that such loss is not covered by reserve funds and other funds), provided that the 
loss exceeds 20 per cent. of the bank’s equity; (vi) impose forced administration if the stability of the entire 
banking sector is endangered; and (vii) revoke the bank’s licence where serious Shortcomings persist or when the 
bank is insolvent. The CNB is also authorised to apply certain other measures, which are linked mainly to capital 
adequacy (see section Capital Adequacy Requirements above). 
Under the Czech Resolution and Recovery Act, the CNB may further exercise a range of crisis prevention 
measures and crisis management measures, as described above (see section General Description of Czech and 
Slovak Legislation relating to Mortgage Covered Bonds - 8 Czech Resolution and Recovery Act). 
Additionally, the CNB is authorised to take measures consisting of suspending the rights of shareholders who 
acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a bank without the CNB’s consent or who operate to the detriment of 
the sound and prudent management of the bank.  
Consolidated Supervision 
Under the Czech Banking Act and the Prudential Rules Decree, Czech banks, branches of foreign banks 
established outside the EEA and other entities forming consolidated groups are also subject to supervision on a 
consolidated basis, which includes monitoring and regulating the risks to which Czech banks and branches of 
foreign banks established outside the EEA are exposed due to their membership in a consolidated group. 
As a general rule, consolidated groups controlled by a bank or financial holding entity seated in other EEA 
Member States are not subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis. 
The consolidated groups subject to supervision by the CNB on a consolidated basis are mainly obliged to comply 
with: (i) the requirements for the internal management and control system; (ii) the rules for capital requirements; 
(iii) the large exposure rules; (iv) the restrictions on qualified participation; and (v) the rules for disclosure of 
information. When exercising supervision on a consolidated basis, the CNB co-operates with authorities 
responsible for supervising banks and financial institutions in other countries, and is entitled to exchange 
information with them. 
Slovak Banking Regulation 
Banking Regulation and Supervision 
The Issuer conducts banking services in the Slovak Republic through its Slovak branch on the basis of a single 
bank licence under the EU single passport regime. 
The structure of the regulation and supervision of the Slovak banking system is set forth in a number of statutes, 
including Slovak Act No. 566/1992 Coll., on National Bank of Slovakia, as amended (the Act on NBS), Slovak 
Act No. 747/2004 Coll. on Financial Market Supervision and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended, (the 
Slovak Financial Market Supervision Act), Slovak Act No. 371/2014 Coll., on Management of Crisis on the 
Financial Market and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak Financial Market Crisis

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
Management Act), the Slovak Banking Act, Slovak Act No. 90/2016 Coll., on residential loans and on 
Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak Mortgage Loans Act), Slovak Act No. 566/2001 Coll., 
on Securities and Investment Services (Securities Act) and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the 
Slovak Securities Act), the Slovak Bonds Act, Slovak Act No. 186/2009 Coll., on Financial Intermediation and 
Financial Counselling and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak Financial Intermediation 
and Counselling Act), Slovak Act No. 118/1996 Coll., on Deposit Protection and on Amendments to Certain 
Acts, as amended (the Slovak Deposit Protection Act), Slovak Act No. 202/1995 Coll., Foreign Exchange Act, 
amending and supplementing Act of the Slovak National Council. 372/1990 Coll. on Misdemeanours, as amended 
(the Slovak Foreign Exchange Act), Slovak Act No. 297/2008 Coll., on Protection Against Legalization of 
Proceeds from Crime and Terrorist Financing and on Amendments to Certain Acts, as amended (the Slovak 
Anti-Money-Laundering Act) and other acts and certain regulations issued by the National Bank of Slovakia 
(NBS) (known as measures and decrees). 
The NBS 
The NBS exercises regulatory and supervisory powers over the banking sector, as well as the rest of the Slovak 
financial sector (including capital markets, insurance, pension funds, credit unions and electronic money 
institutions as well as the foreign exchange sector).  
As a general rule, the NBS exercises banking supervision over Slovak banks (including subsidiaries of foreign 
banks incorporated in the Slovak Republic) and Slovak branches of banks established outside the EEA. Banks 
established in EEA countries other than the Slovak Republic conducting their banking business in the Slovak 
Republic through a Slovak branch passported in the Slovak Republic (such as the Issuer), or without establishment 
of a Slovak branch on the basis of freedom of cross-border provision of services, are primarily subject to 
supervision by their home country regulators. However, since the Slovak Republic is a member of the euro area, 
the Slovak branch of the Issuer is also subject to measures taken by the ECB. 
To the extent that the activities of the Slovak branch of the Issuer fall under the EU single passport regime, the 
general principle of home country supervision applies pursuant to the CRD IV and the Slovak branch of the Issuer 
is supervised by the CNB. Consequently, the NBS’s supervision over the Slovak branch of the Issuer should, in 
principle, be limited to the supervision of the liquidity of the Slovak branch of the Issuer and compliance with 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism rules pursuant to the Slovak Anti-Money-Laundering Act. Since 
Slovakia forms part of the Eurozone, the Slovak branch of the Issuer is also subject to the monetary policy 
regulations set by the ECB.  
Further, the Slovak Financial Market Supervision Act also extends the NBS supervision in the area of protection 
of financial consumers and other clients of Slovak branches of foreign banks relating to the offering or provision 
of financial services or transactions with Slovak branches of foreign banks. 
Considering that UniCredit S.p.A. (the sole shareholder of the Issuer) is included in the list of significant 
supervised entities published by the ECB, further implications of such ECB supervision may arise even with 
respect to the Slovak branch of the Issuer within the framework of the so-called Single Supervisory Mechanism.  
Licensing 
As a general rule, only companies that have been granted a banking licence by the NBS in compliance with the 
Slovak Banking Act are permitted to operate in the Slovak Republic as a bank. Exceptions apply to foreign banks 
established within the EEA which intend to provide banking services in the Slovak Republic through their Slovak 
branch, such as the Slovak branch of the Issuer, or on the basis of the freedom of cross-border provision of 
services. As noted, the Slovak branch of the Issuer provides banking services under the EU single passport regime. 
Pursuant to the Slovak Banking Act applicable until 31 December 2017, a specific regime applied to mortgage 
business, where the Slovak branch of the foreign bank may have been authorized to conduct such business if the 
foreign bank was authorised to conduct mortgage business in its home country and upon obtaining a mortgage 
banking licence from the NBS subject to fulfilment of conditions stipulated in the Slovak Banking Act.  
One of the conditions was that the borrowers of mortgage loans and owners of mortgage bonds issued in the 
Slovak Republic and the borrowers of mortgage loans and owners of mortgage bonds issued in the country of 
establishment of the foreign bank would be provided equal rights (including equal status in bankruptcy

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
proceedings). These rights must have been guaranteed at least to the extent of rights of borrowers on mortgage 
loans and mortgage bonds holders guaranteed under Slovak law. 
A licence is issued for an indefinite period of time, it is not transferable and does not pass to the legal successor. 
It contains a list of the activities that the bank is permitted to perform. In some cases, licences also contain 
conditions the bank must meet prior to commencing a particular permitted activity or while performing that 
activity. Some of the activities listed in the licence, such as the provision of investment services and certain 
custodian services, may be conditional upon the receipt of a special authorisation. 
Slovak Regulation of Covered Bonds 
Pursuant to an amendment to the Slovak Banking Act, which applies as of 1 January 2018, a substantially new 
Slovak regulation for covered bonds applies. 
The former concept of Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds was replaced by a new concept of Mortgage Covered 
Bonds (in Slovak, krytý dlhopis) (the New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds), which similarly to the existing 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds, are covered by a specific ring-fenced pool of assets for the benefit of the holders 
of the New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds. However, branches of EEA-established banks, such as the Issuer, 
are not allowed to issue the New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds, as this option is reserved only to domestic 
banks. Therefore, the Issuer is not able to issue new issues of the Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds or the New 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds from 1 January 2018. Any outstanding issues of the Slovak Mortgage Covered 
Bonds of the Issuer should not be affected by the approved amendment to the Slovak Banking Act as they will be 
governed by the rules applicable until 31 December 2017 
Activities Requiring Prior Consent of or Notification to the NBS 
In several cases, the Slovak Banking Act requires a Slovak branch of foreign bank to apply for consent from the 
NBS or to notify the NBS before executing particular transactions or operations. 
For instance, a prior consent of the NBS is required for the provision of information to third parties subject to 
banking secrecy in relation to the sale of Slovak branch or its part.  
A notification to the NBS is required, without limitation: (i) where a Slovak branch does not publish information 
that it is obliged to publish because of their immaterial, internal or confidential nature; and (ii) of the identity of a 
Slovak branch’s auditor.  
Significant Branch 
In accordance with the CRD IV, enhanced cooperation mechanism can be established between the regulators in 
the host and home countries in respect of branches considered significant. This entails mainly provision of 
information, e.g. in relation to the risk assessment and consulting of operational steps required in relation to 
implementation of recovery plans. 
The NBS may request that competent authority of the home member state of a foreign bank considers its Slovak 
branch as significant. The branch of the foreign bank can be considered significant with particular regard to the 
following: (i) whether the market share of the branch in terms of deposits exceeds 2 per cent. in the host state; (ii) 
the likely impact of a suspension or closure of the operations of the institution on systemic liquidity and the 
payment, clearing and settlement systems in the host state; (iii) the size and importance of the branch in terms of 
the number of clients within the context of the banking or financial system of the host state.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Slovak branch of the Issuer is not considered a significant branch in 
accordance with the CRD IV. 
Minimum Reserves 
Under the Act on NBS, the NBS may require banks, foreign bank branches and credit unions to hold a 
pre-specified amount of liquid funds, known as minimum required reserves, in accordance with the Eurosystem 
rules on accounts with the NBS. The ECB applies a uniform positive reserve ratio to most of the balance sheet 
items included in the reserve base. Since 18 January 2012, the reserve ratio is 1 per cent.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
Liquidity Rules 
Under the Slovak Banking Act and the NBS Regulation No. 18/2008 on Liquidity of Banks and Branches of 
Foreign Banks and Process of Liquidity Risk Management of Banks and Branches of Foreign Banks, as amended, 
banks and branches of foreign banks operating in the Slovak Republic are required to monitor and manage 
liquidity risk. The Slovak branch of the Issuer is required to establish a strategy for the management of liquidity 
risks and monitor liquidity on a daily basis for each individual major currency in which it deals, and on the 
aggregate level for all currencies. The Slovak branch of the Issuer must also maintain a stable and diversified 
funding portfolio and manage relationships with their principal creditors.  
Disclosure of Information 
Banks and branches of foreign banks are required to disclose and file with the NBS a number of reports related to 
liquidity and other matters. The form of the reports is established by several NBS decrees.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
MORTGAGE LOANS AND THEIR REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
This section contains selected information on certain aspects of the regulation of mortgage loans in the Czech 
Republic and Slovakia. The information in this section is intended to provide a brief overview of the regulation of 
mortgage loans in the Czech Republic and Slovakia which affects the Issuer and it is not intended to provide a 
comprehensive or complete description of regulation of mortgage loans in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. 
Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework in the Czech Republic 
Mortgage Bank as Pledgee 
The Issuer qualifies as a mortgage bank which, as the mortgagee, generally enjoys enhanced protection with regard 
to the receivables or parts of those receivables under Mortgage Loans which constitute Cover Assets included in 
the Cover Pool, which are used to cover the obligations of the Issuer from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds 
(i.e., their aggregate nominal value and the value of the proportionate yield).  
There are several methods to enforce a pledge over real property securing a Mortgage Loan. Where real property 
securing a Mortgage Loan is sold by way of judicial auction according to the Civil Procedure Code, the receivables 
of the Issuer as a mortgage bank (or as the mortgagee) will be satisfied in priority to any other receivables of all 
other creditors of the mortgagor and shall be satisfied immediately following only the deduction of the costs 
associated with the foreclosure auctions and with the administration of a respective building and tract of land (up 
to one tenth from the auction’s proceeds). 
Since 1 May 2000, a creditor whose claim is secured by a mortgage over real property does not need to resort to 
the sale of that property by way of judicial auction even in cases where the owner of the real property disagrees 
with the sale of the real property. According to Czech Act No. 26/2000 Coll., on Public Auctions, as amended 
(the Czech Public Auctions Act), the mortgagee may propose the implementation of an involuntary public 
auction, provided that the receivable has been confirmed by an enforceable court decision, enforceable arbitral 
decision or was documented by way of an enforceable notarial deed, which contains the particulars prescribed by 
applicable law. 
A valuation of the real property in public auction must be prepared in the form of an expert opinion and must not 
be older than six months as of the date of the auction. Information, the publication of which is required by law, or 
information published voluntarily by the auction participants is publicly accessible on a designated website. 
From the moment when the mortgagor of the real property receives written notice from the mortgagee of its 
intention to enforce the rights arising from the mortgage any legal steps undertaken by the mortgagor leading to 
the disposal, encumbrance or leasing of the Mortgaged Property or to the creation of new obligations that decrease 
the value of the Mortgaged Property or limit the ability to dispose of the Mortgaged Property are invalid. This 
limitation does not apply in cases where the object of the public auction has not been auctioned off or if the auction 
was nullified and a replacement auction is not scheduled or if the auctioneer cancelled the auction or if the auction 
was declared null and void. 
After deducting the costs associated with the public auction from its proceeds, claims of the creditors are satisfied 
in the following order: (i) claims relating to the administration of a respective building and tract of land (up to one 
tenth from the auction’s proceeds) and claims secured by a possessory lien; (ii) claims based on a Mortgage Loan 
covering the obligations arising from Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate nominal value); (iii) 
claims secured by a mortgage or by a restriction on the transfer of real property (where more of these mortgages 
are attached to the object of the auction such claims shall be satisfied according to the order of their origination); 
and (iv) claims that constitute taxes, fees, public health insurance, social security insurance and contributions to 
the state employment policy, if these became due in the last three years prior to the auction and have been filed 
by the authorised auction creditors (where more such claims are filed by the auction creditors, such claims shall 
be satisfied proportionally). 
The Civil Code effective as of 1 January 2014 has introduced two new methods of mortgage enforcement. These 
new methods, if agreed on in writing, may serve as alternatives to the sale of the real property in judicial or public 
auction.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
The first new method of enforcement of a claim secured by a mortgage is the direct private sale of the real property. 
This method is only available where the parties expressly agreed on it in writing. The mortgagee may, at any time 
during the process of enforcement by way of the direct private sale, change the method of enforcement and sell 
the real property in public or judicial auction. The mortgagor must be notified about such a change in due course. 
The mortgagee is not entitled to sell the real property prior to the day falling thirty days from (i) delivery (or 
deemed delivery under the terms of Czech law) of the mortgagee’s notification of the commencement of 
enforcement to the mortgagor; or (ii) the inscription of the commencement of enforcement of the mortgage into 
the Czech Real Property Register, depending on which of the events set out under paragraph (i) or (ii) occurs later. 
Should the mortgagee enforce the mortgage by a sale that does not qualify as a sale in the public auction under 
the Czech Public Auctions Act, the mortgagee has a duty to proceed with expert care, in a manner which ensures 
that the real property is sold at standard market price and other standard market conditions and at the same time 
to pursue not only its own interests, but also the interests of the mortgagor. 
Without undue delay after the sale of the real property, the mortgagee is obliged to provide the mortgagor with a 
report in writing, containing information about the sale, expenses incurred in the course of the sale, as well as 
information about the proceeds of the sale and their subsequent use. 
The other new method of mortgage enforcement is the mortgagee’s option to accept the real property as 
satisfaction for the secured debts. This alternative, like the enforcement by way of direct private sale, must be 
agreed on in writing. 
Mortgage agreements relating to the Mortgaged Property generally include detailed provisions governing the 
option for the benefit of the Issuer to enforce the mortgage by way of direct private sale. 
Regardless of the choice of enforcement method, the mortgagee is always entitled to reimbursement for 
necessarily and reasonably incurred expenses associated with the enforcement. 
Furthermore, irrespective of the method of enforcement, the mortgagee must always notify the mortgagor in 
writing of the commencement of mortgage enforcement. In this notice the mortgagee shall specify the method 
which will be used to enforce the claim. The mortgagee cannot proceed with the enforcement of the mortgage 
prior to the day falling 30 days from the delivery of such notice, unless such mortgage secures consumer loan for 
housing purposes, in which case the standstill period extends to 6 months. Due delivery of the written notice has 
significant effects on the mortgagor’s dispositional rights as the mortgagor may not, from the moment when the 
mortgagor receives the written notice, dispose of the real property without the mortgagee’s consent. Disposition 
made without such consent might be void; however, a breach of this prohibition does not affect the validity of a 
purchase agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, unless the purchaser must have known about 
the commencement of enforcement. 
The information relating to the changes introduced by the Civil Code are without prejudice to, and should be read 
in conjunction with the section headed The value of the Eligible Assets in the Cover Pool might be adversely 
affected by the unenforceability of legal documentation relating to the Mortgage Loans and mortgage agreements 
relating to the Mortgaged Property entered into or substantially amended after 31 December 2013 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
If the borrower under a Mortgage Loan is declared insolvent and the Issuer duly registers its claim in the 
insolvency proceedings, the Issuer as a mortgage bank (or as the mortgagee) will qualify as a secured creditor. 
However, the position of the Issuer as a secured creditor can be challenged in the insolvency proceedings. 
Following such a challenge filed by an Insolvency Administrator or another creditor, the Issuer would have to file 
an action with the insolvency court demanding that the receivable arising from the Mortgage Loan be recognised 
as a secured receivable. Should the Issuer be recognised as a secured creditor, it would be entitled to have its claim 
satisfied from the borrower’s assets that are subject to a first ranking security created in favour of the Issuer at any 
time after the decision on resolution of the borrower’s insolvency by liquidation of the borrower’s assets (in Czech, 
konkurs). Secured creditors are, after deduction of costs of administration (up to 4 per cent. of liquidation proceeds 
from the relevant asset) and liquidation (up to 5 per cent. of liquidation proceeds from the relevant asset) and 
remuneration of the Insolvency Administrator, satisfied from the proceeds of the liquidation of that asset in the 
order in which the legal grounds of their entitlement to such satisfaction from that particular asset arose. The 
priority of a statutory lien is determined on the basis of the date when it was inscribed into the Czech Real Property 
Register.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
The Mortgage Code of Conduct 
The Issuer has acceded to the Mortgage Code of Conduct created under the auspices of the European Commission 
(the Code). Under the Code, the Issuer obliged itself to a transparent approach and to the adequate disclosure of 
information concerning mortgage loans. 
The Code is one of a number of pan-European attempts to establish voluntary rules for the granting of mortgage 
loans. The Code forms a part of the European Agreement on a Voluntary Code of Conduct on Pre-contractual 
Information for Home Loans (the European Mortgage Code Agreement), which aims to ensure that clients are 
provided with access to information about housing loans, and that this information is being presented in the same 
form and in the same manner throughout the entire European Union. The European Mortgage Code Agreement 
was signed by European representatives of associations of credit institutions and consumer organisations in March 
2001. The Czech Banking Association acceded to the Code in September 2005. The Issuer also acceded to the 
Code in September 2005. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive and the Czech Consumer Credit Act 
The Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements 
for consumers relating to residential immovable property (the Mortgage Credit Directive) has been transposed 
into Czech law in the Czech Consumer Credit Act, which became effective as of 1 December 2016. 
The Czech Consumer Credit Act stipulates that certain information must be provided to each potential customer 
by a mortgage bank in a form determined by the Czech Consumer Credit Act prior to the execution of the loan 
agreement. Each loan agreement must be made in writing and must contain all the information required by the 
Czech Consumer Credit Act. A failure to provide certain information regarding the pricing of the loan can affect 
the interest rate applicable to the loan. If any of the interest rate, the annual percentage rate of charge (the APRC) 
or the total amount payable by the customer is not included in the loan agreement, or such information was not 
provided in writing, the customer shall pay the interest equal to the repo interest rate issued by the CNB as at the 
date of the respective agreement. The Czech Consumer Credit Act also stipulates that if the interest rate and the 
total amount payable by the customer included in the loan agreement do not correspond, the provision more 
favourable to the customer shall apply. If the APRC included in the loan agreement is calculated incorrectly and 
the correct APRC is higher, the interest rate applicable to the loan shall be lowered to correspond to the APRC 
included in the loan agreement. 
The Czech Consumer Credit Act stipulates that customers are entitled to fully or partially prepay a consumer loan 
(including a mortgage loan) at any time before its due date. The customer can be charged only the costs reasonably 
incurred by the mortgage bank in connection with the prepayment. However, the mortgage bank cannot claim the 
costs it incurred in case of (i) a prepayment made within three months after the mortgage bank informed the 
customer of a new interest rate applicable to the loan; or (ii) a prepayment made in connection with a death, long-
term illness or disability of the customer or his spouse or partner, which materially impaired the customer’s ability 
to repay the loan; or (iii) a partial prepayment of no more than 25 per cent. of the loan amount, provided that the 
repayment was made during a month preceding an anniversary of the loan agreement. If the mortgage loan was 
prepaid in connection with the sale of the asset securing the loan, the mortgage bank can claim the costs not 
exceeding 1 per cent. of the prepaid amount and no more than CZK50,000, provided that the loan agreement was 
entered into at least 24 months prior to the prepayment date. 
The CNB Recommendations 
On 8 July 2020, the CNB published an updated non-binding recommendation regarding the retail mortgage risk 
management (the Recommendation 2020), which replaced the previous recommendation published on 1 April 
2020. 
The Recommendation 2020 contains a recommended 90 per cent. LTV limit for retail loans secured by real 
property. The Recommendation 2020 uses the concept of reference volume for retail loans secured by residential 
property which is one-half of the sum of all retail loans secured by residential property provided in the previous 
two quarters or, for consumer credit not secured by residential property, one-half of the sum of consumer credit 
not secured by residential property provided in the previous two quarters to clients who already have a retail loan 
secured by residential property. The Recommendation 2020 covers banks and credit unions providing retail 
mortgage loans as well as all providers granting consumer loans to customers who have already entered into a 
retail mortgage loan agreement (the Providers). However, there are new rules under which the applicability of

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
certain paragraphs of the Recommendation 2020 may be transferred to the group level, provided that (i) the 
respective Providers included in such group would notify the CNB of this procedure; (ii) the CNB supervises the 
Providers included in the group; (iii) such Providers are either controlling and controlled entities or controlled by 
the same controlling entity; and (iv) a Provider responsible for collective compliance with the Recommendation 
2020 has been appointed on behalf of the group. If these conditions are fulfilled, the Providers may set an internal 
limit for the admissible exemptions of the limit stating, that the new retail loans provided in the relevant calendar 
quarter secured by residential property with an LTV exceeding 90 per cent. shall not exceed 5 per cent. of the 
reference volume of retail loans secured by residential property or the reference volume of retail loans not secured 
by residential property, provided that the internal limits should under no circumstances exceed the recommended 
limits by more than one-third for the individual Providers included in the group. 
The debt-to-income (DTI) ratio and the debt service-to-income (DSTI) ratio shall be set by each Provider pursuant 
to its internal criteria, whereas the Providers should particularly prudently assess the loan applications of clients 
whose DTI ratio exceeds eight and DSTI ratio exceeds 40 per cent. 
The Recommendation 2020 also discourages the Providers from bypassing the LTV ratio by providing their 
customers with parallel secured or unsecured financing. The Providers were also encouraged to proceed prudently 
when appraising mortgaged asset and take into account their potential overvaluation. 
Pursuant to the Recommendation 2020, mortgage loans should not be provided for a period exceeding the expected 
economic activity of the borrower and, in principle, they should not be provided for a period exceeding 30 years 
and for a period exceeding 8 years in case of unsecured mortgage loans (except for the mortgage loans provided 
under the construction savings (in Czech, stavební spoření) scheme).  
The Providers were also encouraged to proceed prudently when appraising mortgaged assets in connection with 
refinancing of existing secured mortgage loans, especially when the loan principal amount is to be increased by 
more than 10 per cent. or CZK200,000.  
The Providers were also encouraged to proceed prudently when cooperating with mortgage brokers, particularly 
having regard to a potential conflict between their interests. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer complies with the Recommendation 2020. 
Recent Czech Regulatory Developments Relating to the Recent COVID-19 Outbreak 
Legislative measures such as the proposed temporary changes to Czech insolvency law, which are part of the 
COVID-19 Insolvency Act, cause the debtor’s obligation to file for insolvency (provided that the statutory 
conditions are met). This suspension shall last for the duration of such extraordinary measures and a further period 
of six months thereafter, although not beyond 30 June 2021, the date having been pushed from the original date 
of 31 December 2020 by the COVID-19 Insolvency Amendment Act. In addition, debtors were to be temporarily 
protected from insolvency petitions filed by their creditors as any such petitions filed until the end of August 2020 
were to be disregarded and no entries of commencement of insolvency proceedings were to be made in the on-
line Insolvency Register. Creditors needed to file a new insolvency petition after the end of August 2020 to 
effectively commence insolvency proceedings.  
Under the Czech Insolvency Act, as amended, debtors with their centre of main interest in the Czech Republic are 
entitled to file for an Insolvency Moratorium until 30 June 2021 assuming that the debtor was not insolvent as of 
5 October 2020 and has not filed for the Insolvency Moratorium previously. The Czech Insolvency Act as 
amended by the COVID-19 Insolvency Amendment Act also stipulates that if an Insolvency Moratorium in 
relation to a particular debtor was declared before the end of August 2020, the condition requiring the approval 
of creditors for an extension of the Insolvency Moratorium will not apply and the court may extend the duration 
of the Insolvency Moratorium by no more than an additional three months solely upon the debtor’s request. 
The effects of the Insolvency Moratorium include the following: (i) the debtor could be sued although judgments 
could not be enforced against it; (ii) it would not be possible to create new security over the debtor’s assets or to 
enforce existing security; (iii) the court will not be in a position, for the period of the Insolvency Moratorium, to 
declare the debtor insolvent even after a creditor files an insolvency petition; (iv) set-offs would generally be 
permitted; (v) the debtor should generally refrain from undertaking any material transactions, unless they are 
within the ordinary course of the debtor’s business; (vi) counterparties would not be entitled to terminate or refuse 
to perform certain essential pre-existing contracts as long as the debtor continues to pay at least its claims arising

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
during the moratorium; and (vii) although the Insolvency Moratorium itself does not provide the debtor with any 
payment holiday, the debtor could nevertheless prioritise payment of debts incurred during the Insolvency 
Moratorium. 
Further, the COVID-19 Insolvency Act introduces certain exceptions and specific provisions (including 
application for relief, limitations in respect of enforcement of judicial decisions and occurrence of the debtor’s 
default) that may potentially lead to prolongation of the debt enforcement proceedings as well as the process of 
enforcement of security interests. 
General Conditions of the Market 
Main competitors 
More than a dozen banks currently operate on the mortgage market in the Czech Republic. The main mortgage 
lenders, in addition to the Issuer, are Komerční banka, a.s., Česká spořitelna, a.s., Československá obchodní banka, 
a.s., Raiffeisenbank a.s., Hypoteční banka, a.s. and MONETA Money Bank, a.s. 
Housing market 
According to March 2011 census, there were about 4.375 million dwellings in the Czech Republic and there is no 
overall housing deficit. Imbalances result mainly from the unequal distribution of the housing stock. On the other 
hand, the housing stock is largely neglected and the total required cost for its maintenance and repair are estimated 
in the order of tens of billions of Czech crowns. 
The following table illustrates the current structure of the housing stock in terms of housing types according to 
the latest March 2011 census: 
Rental housing: 
31 per cent. 
Co-operative sector: 
20 per cent. 
Owner-occupied housing: 
49 per cent. 
Real property under the Civil Code 
The Civil Code effective as of 1 January 2014 introduced a different legal concept of real property in the Czech 
Republic, which has also certain implications for existing mortgages. 
The Civil Code has reintroduced the superficies solo cedit principle into Czech private law. In accordance with 
this principle, a building is considered as part of a plot of land upon which it is erected. Consequently, the building 
on its own is not capable of being sold or mortgaged. This might raise the question of whether a mortgage over a 
plot of land entered into prior to 1 January 2014 automatically extends to the building erected on such a plot of 
land (and vice versa) on the day on which the Civil Code became effective. The Civil Code provides certain 
exceptions to the superficies solo cedit principle, including (without limitation) the situation in which either a plot 
of land or a building erected on it is mortgaged in favour of a third party and the nature of this mortgage is 
irreconcilable with the plot of land and the building being legally treated as one legal object. As a result, in most 
situations where a plot of land or a building is subject to a mortgage, the plot of land and building will continue 
to exist as separate legal objects and an encumbrance weighting on one of these assets will not extend to the other. 
Secondly, the Civil Code established a pre-emption right over buildings in favour of owners of the underlying 
land and vice versa, provided that the relevant plot of land and the relevant building are not treated as a single 
legal object. The statutory pre-emption right must be respected in case of any disposal with the respective building 
or land. Therefore, if a mortgagee wishes to sell Mortgaged Property encumbered by such a pre-emption right, 
the building or plot of land should, in the first instance, be offered to the beneficiary of the pre-emption right. 
Even if not exercised, the pre-emption right survives the sale of the real property and continues to exist.

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
State housing assistance programmes 
The state of the Czech Republic is no longer acting as an active investor on the housing market and does not own 
housing stock. However, at the same time, it respects the particularities of the housing market, which necessitate 
a certain degree of state intervention. Financial intervention by the state is concentrated into several basic areas 
such as promoting the construction of rental housing and technical infrastructure, support for the repair of housing 
stock and the provision of state loans for repairs, modernisation and expansion of the housing stock. The 
implementation of the above mentioned support for housing is carried out primarily through the Ministry for 
Regional Development and the State Investment Support Fund (in Czech, Státní fond podpory investic). 
The following programmes for the support of housing and for the repair of housing stock are in effect as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
Support in the area of housing financed by the Ministry for Regional Development: 
• 
Support for housing in areas with strategic industrial zones which aims to support the development of 
rental housing in the areas affected by rapid growth of job opportunities by increasing the number of 
rental dwellings for permanent housing.  
• 
Support for building and creating new supported dwellings which would be used in connection with 
provision of the social services to persons who are economically inactive due to either their age or their 
special needs arising from their unfavourable social situation. 
• 
Support for the adaptation of existing residential buildings with the aim of improving their accessibility 
through the incorporation of basic access features at entrances and the installation of elevators where 
technically possible. 
Support in the area of housing financed by the State Investment Support Fund: 
• 
Loans for the purpose of construction and creation of social and affordable apartments and social, 
affordable and combined houses.  
• 
Loans for the purpose of construction of rental apartments and houses or for the reconstruction of 
buildings provided to a specified group of people, persons under 30 years of age and persons whose 
homes were destroyed by a natural disaster.  
• 
Loans for the purpose of purchase and modernization of housing for persons under 40 years of age who 
are taking care of a child of up to 15 years of age. 
• 
Loans for the purpose of repairs and modernization of residential buildings comprised of at least four 
apartments called “Panel 2013+”. 
• 
Loans for the purpose of modernization and reconstruction of residential buildings which aims to increase 
their energy-efficiency and related performance. 
• 
Aid related to natural disasters – low-interest loans and grants for amelioration of the consequences of 
natural disasters. 
Additionally, there are also subsidies in place financed by the Ministry of the Environment through the programme 
“Nová zelená úsporám” (New Green for Savings), a grant programme funded by the sale of emission allowances 
for the support of renewable resources and for energy saving. 
The Business Strategy of the Issuer 
In connection with the continuing economic development in the Czech Republic, the Issuer expects that there 
should be preconditions for its business activities in the field of mortgage banking. The Issuer is closely tracking 
the market changes connected to the market situation in 2021. The Issuer’s strategy is to provide mortgage loans 
within a complete portfolio of products (see section Description of the Issuer – Business Overview of the Issuer).

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
Credit Management 
The Issuer’s strategy in the area of loans is to grant a loan on the basis of the demonstrable ability of the borrower 
to generate strong cash flow through his or her activities, sufficient to repay the debt regardless of whether the 
debt is a mortgage or another type of loan. 
The goal of the credit assessment process is to prepare a true picture of the client’s status; this analysis attempts 
to uncover any known significantly negative factors relating to the client that could lead the client into serious 
financial distress (see section Risk Management – Credit Risk – Credit Risk Management at Individual Client 
Level). 
Securing of Loans 
The Issuer secures its receivables or parts of those receivables under the Mortgage Loans by mortgages over the 
Mortgaged Property, which must meet the relevant statutory requirements. 
In broad terms, the Issuer accepts not only completed buildings (approved for use), but also buildings or properties 
under construction, flats and commercial spaces as the subject of a mortgage. Buildings can be located on the land 
of the mortgagor or on the land belonging to a third party. A mortgage over a building on the land belonging to a 
third party might be accepted by the Issuer, but only if there is: (i) an easement right established in favour of the 
building located on such a land belonging to a third party; (ii) a loan contract; (iii) a lease contract for at least the 
duration of the loan relationship; or (iv) if the client submits an agreement for a future contract for the relevant 
land containing conditions for sale of land that are satisfactory for the Issuer. 
The Mortgaged Property, which the Issuer accepts, is valued in accordance with the Issuer’s own methodology. 
If a mortgage loan is on the borderline of being an acceptable risk, the Issuer usually requires additional security 
for the debt. 
Appraisal of Properties 
The Issuer ascertains the Mortgaged Lending Value in accordance with the applicable law. The Mortgaged 
Lending Value for the purposes of issuing Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds and for the purposes of bank lending 
in the open market is based on the market value estimated by an independent appraiser. 
The Issuer has developed its own methodology for the appraisal of the Mortgaged Property and has established 
an organisational unit whose job is to methodically guide the external appraisers and departments dealing with 
lending activity within the Issuer. The Issuer’s methodology, based on the fundamental principles of a market 
valuation of real property that is in line with recognised international standards, is generally used for valuations. 
This methodology determines the market value and the “future value” (after the completion of unfinished work). 
The Issuer understands the market value is generally based on comparable evidence of other properties, i.e. 
material, yield and correlation, and in particular on local knowledge, market conditions, status and utilisation of 
the evaluated property. The appraisal of the market value is usually submitted to the Issuer by external 
collaborators which are appraisers who follow the methodology of the Issuer. Prior to making the appraisal, the 
appraiser is required to collect all the necessary documents relating to the properties, including photographs, and 
to carry out a physical inspection. Prudence is applied in analysing the available information during the valuation 
process. The methodology is in accordance with the rules set out in section 29 of the Czech Bonds Act. 
Contractual Arrangements of the Loan Relationship 
Conditions for granting, utilisation and repayment of the loan between the Issuer and the clients are regulated in 
bilateral credit agreements, loan contracts or similar contracts constituting a mortgage loan. The essential 
preconditions for the utilisation of a mortgage loan are the creation or application for registration of a mortgage 
over the real property, insurance on a building (if relevant) and the full restriction of transferability of the real 
property. Mortgage loans for construction, reconstruction, modernisation or repair are typically utilised gradually. 
Mortgage loans which are extended to purchase real properties, refinance the existing loans or credits or settle the 
ownership of the real property would typically be drawn by the borrower in a single lump-sum. 
The interest rate in the contract for the provision of the mortgage loan is agreed as fixed, with a set duration, 
which, in accordance with the client’s choice, can be established from one up to ten years. Before the expiration

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
of this stipulated period the Issuer will notify the client about the new interest rate. If the client does not agree 
with the change in the interest rate, the loan may be accelerated on the date of the expiration of the current interest 
period, unless the parties agree otherwise. The client is obliged to repay the mortgage loan in the form of monthly 
annuity payments. For selected products (e.g. mortgages combined with life insurance) a different payment model 
can be utilised, e.g. monthly payment of interest and repayment of principal at the end of the agreed maturity. The 
Issuer has the right to collect payments from a client’s current account, which is established for this purpose. 
The client is entitled to the early repayment of the loan. In such case the Issuer is entitled to compensations for 
the costs actually incurred in connection with the early repayment up to the limit pursuant to the Czech Consumer 
Credit Act (see section Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework The Mortgage Credit Directive and the 
Czech Consumer Credit Act).  
The Issuer, in accordance with the contract for the mortgage loan, may also charge the client, in addition to the 
interest on the loan, also the interest on arrears, up to the interest rate stipulated in the loan contract plus an amount 
in accordance with the applicable tariff (in each case, subject to limits of applicable laws). In accordance with the 
loan contract, the Issuer may take additional measures to protect its interests, especially to restrict or terminate the 
utilisation of the loan, increase the interest rate on the loan or require its early repayment. 
Mortgage Loans and their Regulatory Framework in Slovakia 
Mortgage Bank as Pledgee 
The Slovak branch of the Issuer is licensed to provide mortgage loans in Slovakia. Since mortgage loans provided 
by the Issuer in Slovakia are secured by mortgage over real estate owned by the relevant borrowers, the Issuer 
acting through its Slovak branch as the mortgagee, enjoys enhanced protection with regard to the receivables or 
parts of those receivables under Mortgage Loans which constitute Ordinary Cover Assets included in the Cover 
Pool used to cover the obligations of the Issuer from the Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds (i.e., their aggregate 
nominal value and the value of the proportionate yield).  
In case of a default, the Slovak branch of the Issuer as a mortgagee may enforce its rights towards a mortgagor (i) 
in a manner specified in the mortgage agreement (e.g. in direct private sale or a public tender pursuant to 
provisions of the Slovak Commercial Code), (ii) through voluntary auction pursuant to Slovak Act No. 527/2002 
Coll., on voluntary auctions and supplementing the Act No. 323/1992 Coll. on Notaries (Notarial Code), as 
amended, or (iii) by execution. 
Irrespective of the method of enforcement, the mortgagee must always notify the mortgagor in writing of the 
commencement of mortgage enforcement. In this notice the mortgagee shall specify the method which will be 
used to enforce the claim. The mortgagee cannot proceed with the enforcement of the mortgage prior to the day 
falling 30 days from the delivery of such notice. Due delivery of the written notice has significant effects on the 
mortgagor’s dispositional rights as the mortgagor may not, from the moment when the mortgagor receives the 
written notice, dispose of the real property without the mortgagee’s consent. Disposition made without such 
consent might be void; however, a breach of this prohibition does not affect the validity of a purchase agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of business, unless the purchaser must have known about the commencement 
of enforcement. The mortgagee may, at any time during the process of enforcement change the method of 
enforcement. The mortgagor must be notified about such a change in due course. 
The execution proceeding requires an enforcement order of the court and an estimate of the value of the auctioned 
real property.  
If agreed in a mortgage agreement, a mortgage may be enforced by means of a direct private sale of the real 
property or a public tender pursuant to the provisions of the Slovak Commercial Code. The mortgagee is not 
entitled to sell the real property prior to the day falling thirty days from (i) delivery of the mortgagee’s notification 
of the commencement of enforcement to the mortgagor or (ii) inscription of the commencement of enforcement 
of the mortgage into the Slovak Real Property Register, depending on which of the events set out under (i) or (ii) 
occurs later, unless the mortgagee and mortgagor agree on the earlier sale after the delivery of the notification. 
Without undue delay after the sale of the real property, the mortgagee is obliged to provide the mortgagor with a 
report containing information about the sale, expenses incurred in the course of the sale, as well as information 
about the proceeds of the sale and its subsequent use.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
The mortgagee has a duty to proceed with due care, in a manner which ensures that the real property is sold at 
standard market price and other standard market conditions and at the same time to defend not only its own 
interests, but also the interests of the mortgagor. 
Regardless of the choice of enforcement method, the mortgagee is always entitled to reimbursement for 
necessarily and reasonably incurred expenses associated with the enforcement. 
If the borrower under a Mortgage Loan is declared insolvent, the Slovak branch of the Issuer as a mortgage bank 
(or as the mortgagee) will qualify as a secured creditor. The position of the Issuer acting through its Slovak branch 
as a secured creditor can be challenged in insolvency proceedings. Following such a challenge filed by an 
Insolvency Administrator, the Issuer acting through its Slovak branch would have to file an action with the 
insolvency court demanding that the receivable arising from the Mortgage Loan be recognised as a secured 
receivable. Should the Issuer acting through its Slovak branch be recognised as a secured creditor, it would be 
entitled to have its claim satisfied from the borrower’s assets that are subject to a first ranking security created in 
favour of the Issuer at any time after the decision on resolution of the borrower’s insolvency by liquidation of the 
borrower’s assets (in Slovak, konkurz). Secured creditors are, after deduction of costs of administration and 
liquidation of the relevant asset and remuneration of the Insolvency Administrator, satisfied from the proceeds of 
the liquidation of that asset in the order in which the legal grounds of their entitlement to such satisfaction from 
that asset arose. The ranking of a statutory lien is determined on the basis of the date when it was inscribed into 
the Slovak Real Property Register. 
Tax bonus for mortgage loans for persons under 35 years of age 
After the amendment of the Slovak Act No. 595/2003 Coll. on Income Tax, the state, since 1 January 2018, does 
not directly grant subsidies to persons under 35 years of age from the state budget for the acquisition of housing 
anymore. Instead of being provided with a subsidy by the state, the eligible persons are entitled to seek a tax bonus 
from the interest paid on their mortgage loan. The tax bonus would amount to 50 per cent. of the interest paid in 
the relevant tax period but not more than EUR400. The tax bonus is only calculated from a maximum amount of 
EUR50,000 per mortgage loan per residential property. 
Allowances for mortgage loans for newlyweds 
In addition to the tax bonus, the Slovak Banking Act defines the conditions for granting more favourable rates for 
loans to recently married persons (i.e. newlyweds with marriage lasting not more than 2 years), both under 35 
years of age, from the state budget. It is the percentage by which the state reduces the interest rate stipulated in 
the loan (the State Subsidy for Newlyweds). The precise amount of the State Subsidy for Newlyweds is defined 
yearly in the Slovak Act on State Budget (currently Slovak Act No. 425/2020 Coll., on State Budget for 2021, as 
amended). The current subsidy provided by the state is 3 per cent. p.a. The State Subsidy for Newlyweds will be 
provided for a loan of up to EUR10,000. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive and the Slovak Mortgage Loans Act 
Under Slovak Mortgage Loans Act implementing Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property (the 
Mortgage Credit Directive) the Slovak branch of the Issuer must comply with several obligations in relation to 
the loans provided in relation to the housing, including mortgages (i.e. Other Slovak Mortgage Loans. These 
obligations are mostly connected to informing of a borrower, advertising of financial products, APRC and regular 
evaluation of the ability of the borrower to repay the Other Mortgage Slovak Loan.  
If the Other Mortgage Slovak Loan agreement (i) is not concluded in the written form, (ii) does not contain 
mandatory requirements under Slovak Mortgage Loans Act (e.g. APRC, total amount payable by the customer), 
or (iii) APRC in the Other Mortgage Slovak Loan agreement is incorrect and unfavourable to the customer, the 
Other Mortgage Slovak Loan is deemed to be interest-free and free of charge. 
The Slovak Mortgage Loans Act stipulates that customers are entitled to fully or partially prepay the consumer 
loan at any time before its due date. Generally, the customer can be charged only the costs reasonably incurred by 
the mortgage bank in connection with the prepayment, which, however, shall not exceed, subject to certain 
exceptions, 1 per cent. of the prepaid amount of the consumer loan. The mortgage bank cannot claim the costs it 
incurred in case of (a) a prepayment made in connection with the change of interest rate applicable to the loan

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
where the mortgage bank informed the customer of a new interest rate at least two months before the change, or 
(b) a partial prepayment of no more than 20 per cent. of the loan amount, provided that the repayment was made 
during a month preceding an anniversary of the loan agreement. 
Main competitors 
Most banks in Slovakia provide residential and mortgage loans. The main mortgage lenders, in addition to the 
Issuer, are Tatra banka, a.s., Všeobecná úverová banka, a.s., Slovenská sporiteľňa, a.s., Československá obchodná 
banka, a.s. and Prima banka Slovensko, a.s.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Member State of the prospective purchasers of Mortgage Covered Bonds and the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of Mortgage Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Mortgage Covered Bonds, including the effect of any 
state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Czech Republic and each country of which they are residents or 
otherwise subject to taxation.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in the Dealer Agreement dated 24 June 2021 (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which 
they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Mortgage Covered Bonds. Any such further 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds, 
the price at which such Mortgage Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other 
agreed deductions (if any) payable by the Issuer in respect of such purchases. 
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (including any successor regulations or rules in 
substantially the same form as the TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules, as applicable, for the purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Mortgage Covered Bonds (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Mortgage Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Mortgage Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Mortgage Covered Bonds are a part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Mortgage Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Mortgage Covered Bonds within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Mortgage Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Mortgage Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may, make an offer of such Mortgage Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Mortgage Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those Mortgage 
Covered Bonds may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a base prospectus in relation 
to such Mortgage Covered Bonds, which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State, provided that any such base prospectus has subsequently been completed by the

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such base prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Mortgage Covered Bonds to the public in relation to 
any Mortgage Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Mortgage Covered Bonds and the expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom or UK) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Mortgage Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (FSMA), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Mortgage Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Mortgage Covered Bonds other than to 
persons (A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (B) who 
it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Mortgage Covered Bonds 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Mortgage Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case 
of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Mortgage Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Mortgage Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Mortgage Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Mortgage Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Mortgage Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 6 May 2013, 21 June 2016, 31 October 2017, 26 May 2020 and 22 June 2021. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus, listing and admission to trading of Covered Bonds 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Directive. Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Mortgage Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU) and MiFIR (Regulation (EU) No 600/2014) respectively. 
Mortgage Covered Bonds which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another 
stock exchange or market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Mortgage Covered Bonds 
listed or admitted to trading on another stock exchange or market, if the Issuer ensures that all laws and regulations 
are complied with including, amongst others, any applicable requirements for notifications of competent 
authorities and other requirements set out in the Prospectus Regulation. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and markets.  
The Mortgage Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage Covered Bond will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Mortgage Covered Bond will be EUR100,000 or, where it is a Mortgage Covered Bond to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, EUR1,000 (or, if the Mortgage Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office 
of the Paying Agent for the time being in London and, in the case of the documents listed under paragraphs (a), 
(b), (d) and (e), also on the Issuer’s website www.unicreditbank.cz, where they will remain publicly available in 
electronic form for at least 10 years after their publication on the relevant websites: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer, available at: 
section “Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section “Articles of Association of the Bank”; 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2019 (drawn up in English or with an English translation thereof), in 
each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, available at: section 
“Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section “Annual reports”; 
(c) 
the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, available at: section “Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section 
“UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €5 bln Covered Bond 
Programme”; and 
(e) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
reference available at: section “Debt Investor Relations”, sub-section “UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €5 bln Covered Bond Programme”. 
Clearing Systems 
The Mortgage Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Further, Mortgage Covered Bonds may be cleared through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany). 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Mortgage Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Mortgage Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notification to the Czech National Bank 
Pursuant to Section 8a of the Czech Capital Market Supervision Act, the issuance of each Series or Tranche of 
the Mortgage Covered Bonds must be notified to the CNB no later than on the date of issue of the relevant 
Mortgage Covered Bonds setting out the place of issue and amount of relevant Series or Tranche and the form, 
yield and maturity of the relevant Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Mortgage Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into any contracts (excluding contracts entered into in 
the ordinary course of business) which are, or may be, material or which contain a provision under which the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries has an obligation or entitlement which is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to security holders in respect of securities to be issued under the Programme. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte Audit s.r.o. (the Auditor), members of the Chamber of Auditors of the 
Czech Republic, certificate No. 2045, who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing as of and for each of the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019. 
The Issuer states that neither the Auditor nor any of its members has any significant interest in the Issuer. In 
connection with this statement, the Issuer especially took into account the Auditor’s potential ownership of

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
securities issued by the Issuer, the Auditor’s potential prior participation in any governing bodies of the Issuer, 
and/or the Auditor’s potential affiliation with other entities involved in the Issue. The reports of the auditors of 
the Issuer are included or incorporated in this Base Prospectus with the consent of the auditors who have 
authorised the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Mortgage 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Mortgage Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
INDEX 
 
$ ...................................................................... 7 
€ ...................................................................... 7 
€STR® ............................................. 40, 89, 173 
€STR®i-pTBD ........................................... 90, 174 
Accessory Asset .......................................... 246 
Accessory Assets Records .......................... 248 
Accessory Debts.......................................... 248 
Accessory Debts Records ........................... 248 
Act on NBS ................................................. 315 
Act on Temporary Protection ........................ 25 
Adjusted Value.................... 157, 193, 214, 261 
Aggregate Principal Amount ...... 144, 169, 205 
ALCO .......................................................... 264 
Amortisation Yield ...................................... 209 
Angepasster Wert .......................... 72, 110, 131 
APRC .......................................................... 321 
ARRC ............................................................ 41 
Articles of Association ................................ 289 
Asset Monitor........................ 10, 157, 193, 215 
Asset Monitor Agreement ... 157, 193, 215, 261 
Asset Monitor Business Day ....... 157, 193, 215 
Asset Monitor Calculation Date .. 157, 193, 215 
Asset Monitor Report .................................. 262 
asset separation tool .................................... 251 
AT 1 ............................................................ 304 
Auditor ........................................................ 335 
Ausgabe- und Zahlstellenvertrag .. 74, 112, 133 
Ausgabetag ...................... 74, 85, 112, 122, 133 
Austauschtag ................................... 59, 85, 122 
Authorised Signatory .................. 157, 194, 215 
bail-in tool ................................................... 251 
Bank Austria ............................................... 274 
Bank Rate .................................................... 175 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ..... 22 
Bank Working Day ..................... 153, 189, 210 
Bankarbeitstag 68, 70, 80, 93, 95, 99, 105, 107, 
118, 127, 129, 140 
Banking Day ...... 154, 164, 177, 179, 182, 191, 
201, 212, 222 
Bargeld .......................................... 73, 110, 132 
Base Prospectus ...................................... 1, 228 
Basel Committee ........................................... 21 
Basel II .......................................................... 21 
Basel III ......................................................... 21 
Basisprospekt .............................................. 344 
BCBS .......................................................... 310 
Bearer Mortgage Covered Bonds .................... 1 
Bedingungen ............................................... 343 
Beliehene Immobilie ..................... 75, 112, 134 
Benchmark .................................................... 40 
Benchmark Regulation ...................... 5, 40, 243 
Benchmarks .................................................. 40 
Beobachtungszeitraum ............................ 89, 90 
Berechnungsstelle ........................... 70, 97, 108 
Berechnungszeitraum...... 62, 99, 100, 101, 123 
Bescheinigungen über Nicht-U.S.-Eigentum
 ........................................................ 59, 85, 122 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit..................................... 97 
Bildschirmseite ....................................... 94, 95 
BPV............................................................. 299 
BPV limit .................................................... 300 
Brexit ............................................................ 18 
bridge institution tool .................................. 251 
BRRD ........................................................... 22 
BRRD II ........................................................ 21 
Brussels I Recast ......................................... 257 
Calculation Agent ............... 155, 181, 191, 239 
Calculation Period ...... 147, 183, 184, 185, 207 
Call Date ..................................... 151, 187, 209 
Call Dates ...................................................... 41 
Call-Option ................................................... 41 
Capital Adequacy Directives ........................ 21 
Cash .................................... 157, 194, 215, 246 
CEE ............................................................... 20 
CET 1 .......................................................... 304 
CFBF............................................................... 5 
Civil Procedure Code .................................... 37 
Clearing System .......................... 144, 169, 205 
Clearingsystem ............................... 60, 86, 122 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .......... 144, 169, 205 
Clearstream, Luxemburg ................ 60, 86, 122 
CMS .......................................................... 5, 39 
CNB ................ 20, 73, 110, 132, 157, 194, 215 
CNB Act ..................................................... 309 
CNB Decree ................................ 157, 194, 215 
CNB-Verordnung ......................... 73, 110, 132 
COBS .......................................................... 226 
Code ...... 71, 109, 131, 156, 192, 214, 321, 330 
Commencement of Insolvency Proceedings . 37, 
253 
Common Representative ............. 167, 203, 225 
Common Safekeeper ...... 60, 86, 123, 145, 170, 
206 
Compounded Daily €STR® ................... 90, 174 
Compounded Daily SOFR® .................. 89, 173 
Compounded Daily SONIA® ................ 88, 172 
Conditions ............................................. 57, 227 
Connected Persons ...................................... 250 
Contractual Adjusted Aggregate Cover Pool 
Balance ............................... 157, 194, 215, 260 
Contractual Asset Cover Test .... 161, 197, 219, 
260

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
Contractual Eligibility Criteria... 161, 198, 219, 
259 
Corporate and Investment Banking Segment
 .................................................................... 273 
Cover Asset ................................................. 245 
Cover Assets ............................... 158, 194, 215 
Cover Assets Register ......... 158, 194, 215, 244 
Cover Pool .......................... 158, 194, 215, 244 
Cover Pool Liquidation ............................... 255 
Covered Block ............................................ 247 
Covered Block Administrator ......... 38, 46, 254 
Covered Block Records .............................. 248 
Covered Bonds Debts ................................. 247 
COVID-19..................................................... 17 
COVID-19 Insolvency Act ........................... 24 
COVID-19 Insolvency Amendment Act ....... 24 
COVID-19 Legislation .................................. 25 
COVID-19 Loan Moratorium Act ................ 24 
CRA Regulation ...................................... 1, 243 
CRD IV ......................................................... 21 
CRD V .......................................................... 21 
CRR ...................................... 21, 158, 194, 216 
CRR Mortgage Loans ......... 158, 194, 216, 244 
CRR PSB’s Receivables ..... 158, 194, 216, 245 
CRR PSB-Forderungen ................. 73, 111, 133 
CRR-Hypothekendarlehen ............ 73, 111, 133 
CSSF ............................................................... 1 
Currency Exchange Rates ............................. 44 
Custodian .................................... 167, 203, 225 
Czech Bank ................................................. 249 
Czech Banking Act ............. 158, 194, 216, 244 
Czech Bonds Act..................... 1, 158, 195, 216 
Czech Bonds Act Mortgage Loans .... 158, 195, 
216, 244 
Czech Capital Market Supervision Act ....... 309 
Czech Capital Markets Act . 158, 195, 216, 309 
Czech Capital Markets Supervision Act .... 158, 
195, 216 
Czech Commercial Loans ........................... 263 
Czech Consumer Credit Act ....................... 309 
Czech Corporations Act .............................. 289 
Czech Financial Conglomerates Act ........... 309 
Czech Insolvency Act ........... 24, 158, 195, 216 
Czech Koruna.................................................. 7 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bondholders ......... 34 
Czech Mortgage Covered Bonds . 13, 158, 195, 
216 
Czech Property Valuation Act .... 158, 195, 216 
Czech Public Auctions Act ......................... 319 
Czech Real Estate Register ......................... 259 
Czech Resolution and Recovery Act ............ 22 
Czech Retail Residential Loans .................. 263 
CZK ................................................................ 7 
Dauerglobalurkunde ........................ 59, 85, 122 
Day Count Fraction ............. 147, 183, 207, 236 
Dealer ................ 1, 74, 111, 133, 158, 195, 216 
Dealer Agreement 74, 112, 133, 159, 195, 216, 
330 
Dealers .................................... 1, 158, 195, 216 
Debts Records ............................................. 248 
Deckungsaktiva ............................. 73, 111, 132 
Deckungsmasse ............................. 73, 111, 132 
Deckungsregister .......................... 73, 111, 132 
Declaration of Bankruptcy .................... 38, 253 
Declaration of Insolvency ..................... 38, 253 
Defaulted Loan ................... 159, 195, 216, 261 
Delegated Prospectus Regulation ................... 9 
Deposit Insurance Fund .............................. 314 
Depotstelle .................................... 83, 120, 142 
Derivate......................................... 74, 112, 133 
Derivative ................................................... 246 
Derivatives .................................. 159, 195, 216 
Designated Maturity ................................... 181 
Discontinuation Event......................... 178, 180 
distributor ........................................ 5, 226, 227 
DSTI ........................................................... 322 
DTI .............................................................. 322 
Early Redemption Amount ......................... 208 
ECB......................................................... 20, 41 
EEA..................................................... 1, 4, 226 
Einlagenzinssatz .......................................... 91 
Einstellungsereignis ................................ 94, 96 
Eligible Assets ............................................ 245 
Eligible Entity ............................................. 254 
Eligible Green Projects ................................. 46 
Eligible Social Projects ................................. 46 
Emissionsrendite ......................................... 126 
Emittentin ............................................. 85, 122 
EMMI ............................................................. 5 
Endgültigen Bedingungen........................... 342 
Ersatz-Fixing Sponsor................... 68, 106, 128 
Ersatz-Wechselkurs ...................... 68, 106, 128 
Ersten Person ................................ 76, 113, 135 
Erster Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag 74, 112, 
133 
ESG ................................................................. 6 
ESG ratings ..................................................... 6 
ESMA ..................................... 1, 243, 357, 358 
EU ................................................................. 17 
EU Green Bond Standard ............................. 46 
EUR ................................................ 7, 229, 346 
Euribor .......................................................... 39 
euro ................................................................. 7 
Euroclear ................. 60, 86, 122, 144, 169, 205 
European Mortgage Code Agreement ........ 321 
Euro-Zone ............................... 94, 97, 178, 181 
EU-Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie .......... 342 
EUWA ............................................ 5, 226, 331 
Event of Default .......................... 163, 199, 220 
EWR ........................................................... 342

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
Exchange Date ............................ 144, 169, 205 
Execution Code ........................................... 245 
Extended Maturity Date ................ 42, 150, 186 
Fälligkeitstag ................................. 64, 102, 124 
Festgelegte Stückelung ......................... 85, 122 
Festgelegte Währung ............................ 85, 122 
Festzinszeitraum ........................................... 87 
FIEA ............................................................ 332 
Final Terms ............................................. 1, 226 
First Asset Monitor Calculation Date 159, 195, 
216 
First Person ................................. 160, 197, 218 
Fixed Interest Term ..................................... 170 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds ........... 39 
Fixed to Floating Rate Mortgage Covered 
Bonds ............................................................ 39 
Fixing Sponsor ..... 68, 105, 127, 152, 153, 189, 
210 
Floating Interest Term ................................. 171 
Floating Rate Mortgage Covered Bonds ....... 39 
FOMC Target Rate ............................... 92, 176 
Frühere CNB-Verordnung ............ 75, 113, 134 
FSMA .............................................. 5, 226, 332 
GDP .............................................................. 18 
GDPR ............................................................ 33 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter ................ 83, 121, 142 
General Insolvency Estate ........................... 253 
General Meeting.......................................... 275 
Gesamtnennbetrag ....................................... 122 
Gesetzliche Auswahlkriterien ....... 76, 113, 135 
Gesetzliche Tests .......................... 75, 113, 135 
Global Note ................................. 144, 169, 205 
Global Notes ............................... 144, 169, 205 
Globalurkunde................................. 59, 85, 122 
Globalurkunden............................... 59, 85, 122 
Group .......................................................... 273 
Hauptzahlstelle .............................. 70, 108, 129 
Hedging Arrangement ................................... 51 
Hedging Arrangements ................................. 51 
Hedging Counterparty ................................... 51 
Hypothekendarlehen ..................... 75, 112, 134 
Hypothekendarlehen gemäß SchVG-cz ....... 74, 
111, 133 
IBA .......................................................... 5, 243 
ICSD ....................... 60, 86, 122, 145, 169, 206 
ICSDs ...................... 60, 86, 123, 145, 169, 206 
ICT ................................................................ 31 
Insolvency Administrator ............................ 253 
Insolvency Moratorium ................................. 24 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............. 4, 226 
Interest Amount .................................. 146, 182 
Interest Commencement Date ............. 145, 170 
Interest Determination Date ................ 177, 179 
Interest Payment Date ......................... 146, 170 
Interest Payment Date(s) ............................. 146 
Interest Period ..................................... 146, 171 
Interest Rate ................................ 146, 172, 181 
IRB .............................................................. 311 
ISDA Definitionen ........................................ 97 
ISDA Definitions .................................. 11, 176 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 181 
ISDA-Definitionen ....................................... 93 
ISDA-Satz ..................................................... 97 
Issue Date ............ 144, 159, 169, 195, 205, 216 
Issuer ....................................... 1, 144, 169, 205 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement ..... 159, 
195, 216 
Kapitaladäquanzverordnung (CRR) .... 73, 111, 
133 
Kassakurs ...................................... 68, 105, 127 
Kündigungsgrund ......................... 79, 116, 138 
Kündigungstermin ........................ 66, 103, 126 
Kursberechnungstag ..................... 68, 105, 127 
LCR............................................................... 21 
Local Bond Programmes ...... 14, 159, 195, 217 
Lokales Schuldverschreibungsprogramm .... 74, 
112, 134 
Marge ...................................................... 88, 97 
Margin................................................. 172, 181 
Market Disruption ....................... 153, 189, 210 
Marktstörung ................................. 68, 105, 127 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt ........................... 94, 96 
Maßgeblicher Wechselkurs ........... 75, 113, 135 
Maturity Date .............................. 149, 186, 208 
Measure....................................................... 250 
MiFID II...................................................... 226 
MiFID II.......................................................... 1 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................. 5 
Monatliches Datum ....................... 75, 112, 134 
Monthly Date .............................................. 217 
Monthly Date ...................................... 159, 196 
Moody’s .......................................................... 1 
Moratorium ................................................... 24 
Mortgage Covered Bondholders . 144, 169, 205 
Mortgage Covered Bonds 1, 144, 169, 205, 228 
Mortgage Credit Directive .......................... 321 
Mortgage Loans .................. 159, 196, 217, 244 
Mortgage Loans Ratio ................................ 260 
Mortgaged Property ............ 159, 196, 217, 247 
Mortgaged Property Value. 159, 196, 217, 247, 
261 
Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite ..................... 94, 96 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz .......................... 94, 96 
NBS............................................................... 20 
Nennwert ....................................... 75, 112, 134 
New Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds ...... 317 
Nominal Value .................... 159, 196, 217, 261 
Non-exempt Offer ....................................... 330 
Non-U.S. Beneficial Ownership Certificates
 .................................................... 144, 169, 205

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
Notleidendes Darlehen .................. 74, 112, 133 
NSFR ............................................................ 21 
OBFR .................................................... 92, 176 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date ....... 176 
OBFR Index Cessation Event ..................... 176 
OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis ................. 92 
OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag ................. 92 
Observation Period .............................. 173, 174 
OECD .......................................................... 245 
Option ........................................................... 57 
Option I ......................................................... 57 
Option II ........................................................ 57 
Option III ...................................................... 57 
Optional Redemption Amount .... 151, 187, 209 
Optionale Rückzahlungsbetrag ..... 66, 103, 126 
Options .......................................................... 57 
Other Business Segment ............................. 273 
Other Slovak Mortgage Loans .................... 255 
Over-indebted Covered Block .................... 254 
Pari Passu Haircut ................................. 45, 255 
Paying Agents ............................. 155, 191, 213 
Payment Date .............................. 154, 190, 211 
Permanent Global Note ............... 144, 169, 205 
POS ............................................................. 285 
Potential Event of Default ........... 160, 196, 217 
Potenzieller Kündigungsgrund ...... 75, 113, 134 
Preliminary Injunction ................................ 253 
PRESTO Loan ............................................ 282 
Previous CNB Decree ........... 14, 160, 196, 217 
Pribor ............................................................ 39 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................... 4, 226 
Principal Paying Agent ............... 155, 191, 213 
Private and Retail Banking Segment .......... 273 
Programm ...................................... 75, 113, 134 
Programme .............................. 1, 160, 196, 217 
Property Valuation Act ............................... 247 
Prospectus Regulation ............................. 1, 228 
Providers ..................................................... 321 
Prudential Rules Decree .............................. 310 
PSB’s Receivables and Exposures ..... 160, 196, 
217, 245 
PSB-Forderungen und -Risikopositionen .... 75, 
113, 134 
PSD2 ............................................................. 20 
Rate Calculation Date ................. 153, 189, 210 
Rating Agency ........................ 1, 160, 196, 217 
Ratingagentur ................................ 75, 113, 134 
Recipients .................................................... 262 
Recommendation 2020 ............................... 321 
Redemption Amount ................... 149, 186, 208 
Reference Banks ................................. 178, 179 
Reference Price ........................................... 209 
Reference Rate ............................................ 172 
Reference Rate Time ................................... 179 
Referenzbanken....................................... 94, 95 
Referenzpreis .............................................. 126 
Referenzsatz .................................................. 88 
Referenzsatzzeit ............................................ 95 
Relevant Date .............. 156, 178, 180, 193, 214 
Relevant Exchange Rate ..... 160, 196, 217, 261 
Relevant Member State ................................... 7 
Relevantes Datum ......................... 72, 109, 131 
Replacement Exchange Rate ...... 153, 190, 211 
Replacement Fixing Sponsor ...... 153, 189, 211 
Reset Date ................................................... 181 
Reset-Datum ................................................. 97 
Rückzahlungsbetrag ...................... 64, 102, 124 
sale of business tool .................................... 251 
Schuldverschreibungen ................................. 59 
Schuldverschreibungen ................................. 85 
Schuldverschreibungen ............................... 122 
Schuldverschreibungengläubiger .................. 59 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen .............. 59 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen .............. 85 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen ............ 122 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger ...... 59, 85, 122 
SchVG................... 82, 119, 141, 166, 202, 223 
Screen Page ......................................... 177, 179 
Second Person ............................. 160, 197, 218 
Second-Party Opinion ................................... 48 
Securities Act .................................................. 1 
Serie ...................................................... 85, 122 
Series........................................... 144, 169, 205 
Settlement Rate ........................... 152, 189, 210 
Shortcomings .............................................. 249 
Significant Obligations ............... 163, 199, 221 
Slovak Anti-Money-Laundering Act .......... 316 
Slovak Banking Act .............. 34, 160, 196, 218 
Slovak Bonds Act ................. 14, 159, 195, 217 
Slovak Commercial Loans .......................... 263 
Slovak Financial Intermediation and 
Counselling Act .......................................... 316 
Slovak Financial Market Supervision Act .. 315 
Slovak Foreign Exchange Act .................... 316 
Slovak Mortgage Covered Bonds ................. 34 
Slovak Mortgage Loans .............................. 255 
Slovak Mortgage Loans Act ....................... 316 
Slovak Private International Law Act ......... 258 
Slovak Regulated Mortgage Loans ............... 34 
Slovak Residential Loans............................ 263 
Slovak Securities Act .................................. 316 
Slowakisches Bankengesetz ......... 75, 113, 135 
Slowakisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz . 75, 
112, 134 
SME ............................................................ 273 
SOFR® ............................................ 40, 89, 173 
SOFR® Index Cessation Effective Date ...... 176 
SOFR® Index Cessation Event.................... 177 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsereignis .............. 93 
SOFR® Index Einstellungsstichtag .............. 93

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
SOFR®i-pUSBD ................................................. 89 
SOFR®i-pUSBD ............................................... 173 
Sonderaufseher .............................. 72, 110, 132 
Sonderaufsichtsarbeitstag ............. 72, 110, 132 
Sonderaufsichtsberechnungstag .... 72, 110, 132 
Sonderaufsichtsvertrag .................. 72, 110, 132 
SONIA® .......................................... 40, 88, 172 
SONIA®i-pLBD .............................................. 173 
Specified Currency ...................... 144, 169, 205 
Specified Denomination .............. 144, 169, 205 
Spot Rate ............................. 152, 153, 189, 210 
Stage 1 ......................................................... 297 
Stage 2 ......................................................... 297 
Stage 3 ......................................................... 297 
Statutory 100 % Individual LTV Test ......... 246 
Statutory 85 % Test ..................................... 246 
Statutory Cover Tests .................................. 246 
Statutory Eligibility Criteria ....... 160, 196, 218 
Statutory Minimum OC Level Test ............ 246 
Statutory Tests .................... 160, 196, 218, 260 
Step-down Mortgage Covered Bonds ........... 39 
Step-up Mortgage Covered Bonds ................ 39 
Steuerjurisdiktion .......................... 71, 109, 131 
Steuern .......................................... 71, 108, 130 
Subsidiary ................................... 160, 197, 218 
Successor Reference Rate ................... 178, 180 
Supervisory Board ...................................... 250 
Sustainability Bond Framework.................... 46 
TARGET2 70, 94, 95, 107, 129, 154, 177, 179, 
191, 212 
TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag ...... 80, 95, 118, 139 
TARGET2 Banking Day .... 164, 177, 179, 201, 
222 
TARGET2-Bankarbeitstag ........................... 93 
Tax Jurisdiction ................................... 156, 193 
Tax Jurisdiction ........................................... 214 
Taxes ........................................... 155, 192, 213 
Taxonomy Regulation ................................... 46 
Temporary Global Note .............. 144, 169, 205 
Terms and Conditions ... 57, 144, 169, 205, 226 
the Statutory Eligibility Criteria .................. 259 
Tier 1 ........................................................... 310 
Tier 2 ........................................................... 310 
Tochterunternehmen ..................... 76, 113, 135 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement ............... 18 
Transaction Documents .............. 160, 197, 218 
Transaktionsdokumente ................ 76, 113, 135 
Transfer of the Covered Block .................... 255 
Tschechische Insolvenzordnung ... 74, 111, 133 
Tschechische Schuldverschreibungen... 74, 111 
Tschechisches Bankengesetz ........ 73, 111, 133 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktaufsichtsgesetz 74, 
111, 133 
Tschechisches Kapitalmarktgesetz 74, 111, 133 
Tschechisches Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 73, 
111, 133 
Tschechisches Vermögensbewertungsgesetz
 ...................................................... 74, 111, 133 
U.S. $ .............................................................. 7 
U.S. dollars ..................................................... 7 
U.S. Government Securities Banking Day . 176 
U.S. persons ................................ 144, 169, 205 
U.S. Staatsanleihen Bankarbeitstag .............. 92 
U.S.-Personen ................................. 59, 85, 122 
UK........................................................... 5, 226 
UK MiFIR ................................................... 226 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ... 5, 227 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................ 5, 226 
UK Prospectus Regulation .............. 5, 226, 332 
UniCredit Group ........................................... 27 
UniCredit Leasing CZ ................................. 275 
UniCredit Leasing SK ................................. 275 
Valuation Guidelines .................................. 247 
VaR ............................................................. 299 
Variable Zinssatz-Option .............................. 97 
Variable Zinszeitraum................................... 87 
Variabler Zinssatz ......................................... 97 
Verlängerte Fälligkeitstag ..................... 65, 102 
Vertragliche Deckungstest ............ 77, 114, 136 
Vertraglichen Auswahlkriterien .... 77, 114, 136 
Vertraglicher bereinigter Saldo der 
Deckungsmasse ............................. 73, 110, 132 
Verzinsungsbeginn ................................. 60, 86 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde .............. 59, 85, 122 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag .................. 124 
Wechselkurs .................................. 68, 105, 127 
Wert der Beliehenen Immobilie .... 75, 112, 134 
Wesentlichen Verpflichtungen ..... 79, 116, 138 
Zahlstellen ..................................... 70, 108, 129 
Zahltag .......................................... 69, 106, 128 
Zeichnungsberechtigter ................. 73, 110, 132 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Covered Bonds ....... 42 
Zinsbetrag ............................................... 61, 98 
Zinsfeststellungstag ................................ 93, 95 
Zinsperiode ............................................. 61, 87 
Zinssatz ............................................. 61, 88, 97 
Zinstagequotient ................................... 62, 123 
Zinszahltag .............................................. 61, 87 
Zinszahltag(e) ............................................... 61 
Zweite Person ............................... 76, 113, 135

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
APPENDIX I - FORM OF FINAL TERMS (GERMAN TRANSLATION) 
This appendix contains the German translation of the Form of Final Terms set out in Chapter IV of the 
Base Prospectus. The Final Terms will be published in English language only whereas German translation 
of the Final Terms as set out in this Appendix I may be prepared for reference. 
 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN – MUSTER 
Die in den nachfolgenden endgültigen Bedingungen (die Endgültigen Bedingungen) verwendeten Begriffe haben 
die gleiche Bedeutung wie in den Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Basisprospekt 
(sowie den dazugehörigen Nachträgen, soweit vorhanden) (die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen). 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN PRIVATINVESTOREN IM EWR UND IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH 
– Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) oder im Vereinigten Königreich angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im EWR oder 
im Vereinigten Königreich nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein 
Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien 
zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in 
ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, MiFID II); oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer 
jeweils ergänzten Fassung, die EU-Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, 
wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils ergänzten Fassung, die PRIIPS-Verordnung) für 
Angebot, Vertrieb oder sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR 
oder im Vereinigten Königreich erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR oder im Vereinigten 
Königreich nach der PRIIPS-Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete 
Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind 
[einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist 
indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter 
MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich 
Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc. einfügen.] 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen sind gegliedert in einen “Teil I” sowie in einen “Teil II”.  
In Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen werden die Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen durch die in Teil I 
enthaltenen Angaben wie folgt vervollständigt und spezifiziert:

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
(a) 
Im Fall von “Typ A” Endgültigen Bedingungen "“gilt:  
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option I, II oder III der 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen stellen für die betreffende Serie der Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen 
dar (die Bedingungen).  
(b) 
Im Fall von “Typ B” Endgültigen Bedingungen "“gilt:  
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option I, II oder III der 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, die im Zusammenhang mit Teil I dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen zu lesen 
sind, stellen für die betreffende Serie der Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen dar (die Bedingungen).  
Teil 
I 
der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
ist 
in 
Verbindung 
mit 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Satz 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen zu lesen, der auf Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, Variabel 
Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen und Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet und im 
Basisprospekt als Option I, Option II oder Option III bezeichnet ist. Begriffe, die in den 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden.  
Bezugnahmen in Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen.  
Die 
Platzhalter 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. 
Sämtliche Optionen der Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen, die nicht durch in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltene Angaben ausgewählt und ausgefüllt wurden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bedingungen gestrichen.  
In Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind alle sonstigen Bedingungen enthalten, die nicht in den 
Schuldverschreibungsbedingungen einzusetzen sind und die für alle Schuldverschreibungen gelten.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
vom [•] 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
Emission von [Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
(die Schuldverschreibungen) 
Ausgabepreis: [•]% [Informationen zu aufgelaufenen Zinsen einfügen bei einer Aufstockung einer Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Seriennummer [•] 
Tranchennummer [•] 
[(die mit [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] begeben am [●] konsolidiert 
werden, eine einheitliche Serie bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen)] 
 
Im Rahmen des 
 
EUR 7.000.000.000 
 
Schuldverschreibungsprogramms  
der UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
 
Dieses Dokument stellt die Endgültigen Bedingungen der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
Artikel 8 Abs. 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
über den Prospekt, der beim öffentlichen Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an 
einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen ist und zur Aufhebung der Richtlinie 2003/71/EG (die 
Prospektverordnung) in Verbindung mit der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2019/980 der Kommission vom 14. 
März 2019 zur Ergänzung der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
hinsichtlich der Aufmachung, des Inhalts, der Prüfung und der Billigung des Prospekts, der beim öffentlichen 
Angebot von Wertpapieren oder bei deren Zulassung zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zu veröffentlichen 
ist, und zur Aufhebung der Verordnung (EG) 809/2004 der Kommission dar. Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen 
müssen, um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, zusammen mit den Informationen gelesen werden, die enthalten sind 
(a) im Basisprospekt vom 4. Juni 2020 (der Basisprospekt) und (b) in Nachträgen zu diesem Basisprospekt gemäß 
Artikel 23 der Prospektverordnung (die Nachträge). 
 
Die vorgenannten Dokumente sind auf der folgenden Internetseite abrufbar: www.unicreditbank.cz, Abschnitt 
“Debt Investor Relations”, Unterabschnitt “UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. International €5 
bln Covered Bond Programme” 
 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen sind gemeinsam mit dem Basisprospekt sowie den Emissionsbedingungen aus 
dem Basisprospekt zur Begebung von Hypothekenpfandbriefen vom 4. Juni 2020 zum Programm, wie per Verweis 
in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, zu lesen.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
Teil I 
 
[[Falls die für die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der betreffenden, 
im Basisprospekt als Option I bis Option III beschriebenen Bestimmungen einschließlich weiterer darin 
enthaltener Optionen und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Platzhalter (“Typ A” Endgültige Bedingungen”") 
bestimmt werden sollen, gelten die folgenden Absätze.]  
 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind wie nachfolgend in der englischsprachigen Version 
aufgeführt. [Eine unverbindliche deutschsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der englischsprachigen Version 
geliefert.]]  
 
[Die anwendbaren und rechtsverbindlichen Bedingungen sind in der deutschsprachigen Version aufgeführt. [Eine 
unverbindliche englischsprachige Übersetzung wird zusammen mit der deutschsprachigen Version geliefert.]] 
[Im Falle von Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen sind die relevanten Bestimmungen von Option I 
(einschließlich einschlägiger zusätzlicher darin enthaltener Optionen) zu wiederholen und die relevanten 
Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle von Variabel Verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen sind die relevanten Bestimmungen von Option II 
(einschließlich einschlägiger zusätzlicher darin enthaltener Optionen) zu wiederholen und die relevanten 
Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen sind die relevanten Bestimmungen von Option III (einschließlich 
einschlägiger zusätzlicher darin enthaltener Optionen) zu wiederholen und die relevanten Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die gemäß dem Basisprospekt für die 
Begebung 
von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen 
vom 
[●] 
2020 
begeben 
wurden, 
sind 
die 
relevanten 
Emissionsbedingungen, wie per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen, einzufügen und die relevanten 
Platzhalter auszufüllen.] 
[Im Falle von “Typ B” Endgültigen Bedingungen "“ist die folgende Tabelle im Einklang mit den Vorgaben für die 
maßgebliche 
Emission 
von 
[Festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
[Variabel 
Verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen] [Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen] auszufüllen:

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
§ 1 
Serie, Form der Schuldverschreibungen, Ausgabe weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
[, Definitionen] 
 
 
Ausgabetag: 
[Ausgabetag einfügen] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[Euro (EUR)] [Festgelegte Währung einfügen] 
CRR-kompatibel: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Anwendung der Steuerausgleichpflicht (sog. Gross-
up) (§ 6): 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
 
(i) 
Serie: 
[Bis zu] [Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie einfügen] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche einfügen] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[Festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] 
Form der Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch 
(TEFRA D) 
 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA C) 
 
 
Dauerglobalurkunde (weder TEFRA D 
noch TEFRA C Regeln) 
 
Clearingsystem 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 
 
Luxembourg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxemburg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
B-1210 Brüssel 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 
D-65760 Eschborn 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 2 
Zinsen 
 Option 
I: 
Festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
Stufenzins-Schuldverschreibungen: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Zinssatz: 
 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen]

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] 
Zinszahltag(e):  
 
  
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres] bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich)] 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [jeden Monats] bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich / ggfs. 
andere präzisierende Angabe]  
[Zinszahltage und dazugehörige Zinssätze: 
Zinszahltage 
dazugehörige Zinssätze 
[Zinszahltage 
einfügen] 
[dazugehörige Zinssätze 
einfügen]] 
Erster Zinszahltag: 
[Ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen][Nicht anwendbar] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) 
(im 
Falle 
eines 
[kurzen][langen] ersten Kupons): 
 
 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) (im Falle eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]) 
(im 
Falle 
eines 
[kurzen][langen] letzten Kupons): 
 
 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Vom Fälligkeitstag bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[Abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 Option 
II: 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
Fest- 
zu 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) während des 
Festzinszeitraums: 
 
[festgelegte(n) 
Zinszahltag(e) 
während 
des 
Festzinszeitraums einfügen] [eines jeden Jahres]] 
 
festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e): 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[festgelegte(r) Zinszahltag(e) einfügen] [eines 
jeden Jahres] 
 
festgelegt(e) Zinsperiode(n):

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[Anzahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[Anzahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] 
[erster Zinszahltag: 
[ersten Zinszahltag einfügen] 
[erster Zinszahltag innerhalb des Variablen 
Zinszeitraums: 
 
[ersten Zinszahltag innerhalb des Variablen 
Zinszeitraums einfügen]] 
[Fester Zinssatz für den Festzinszeitraum: 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung): 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen][Nicht anwendbar]] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (bezogen 
auf 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
pro 
[Serie][Tranche]): 
[Anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
einfügen][Nicht anwendbar]] 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung: 
 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
 
 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
bei 
denen 
die 
Verzinsung 
von 
der 
[Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate 
(Euribor)] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
[Prague 
Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] abhängt  
 
 
Euribor 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET2 
Bankarbeitstag 
/ 
Interbankenmarkt 
in 
der Euro-Zone): 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
Finanzzentrum 
der 
Festgelegten Währung: 
 
[Finanzzentrum 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
einfügen] 
 
SONIA® 
(Londoner 
Zeit 
/ 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
 
 SOFR® (New Yorker 
Zeit 
/ 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●]

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
Anzahl 
der 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
 
 €STR® 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET2 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der TARGET2 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prager Zeit / 
Bankarbeitstag 
in 
Prag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Prager 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
 
 Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches 
Mittel der Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten kurzen Kupon] 
 
[Lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor] 
[Pribor]-
Angebotssatz und dem [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor] [Pribor]-Angebotssatz, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite jeweils um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall 
des Euribor als Referenzzinssatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] 
[Im 
Fall 
des 
Pribor 
als 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit angezeigt 
wird.] 
 
 
Variabel 
Verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
bei 
denen die Verzinsung von 
einem Constant Maturity Swap-
Satz abhängig ist: 
[●] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET2] [London] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankarbeitstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
 
 
Variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen 
die Verzinsung von der [Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor)] 
[SONIA®] 
[SOFR®] 
[€STR®] 
[Prague Interbank Offered Rate 
(Pribor)] abhängt  
 
 
Euribor (Brüsseler Zeit / 
TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag / 
Interbankenmarkt in der Euro-
Zone): 
[Zeitraum/Zeiträume einfügen][●] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SONIA® (Londoner Zeit / 
Londoner Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Londoner 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
  SOFR® (New Yorker Zeit / 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl der US Staatsanleihen 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
  €STR® 
(Brüsseler 
Zeit 
/ 
TARGET2 Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●] 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
 
Pribor (Prager Zeit / Prager 
Bankarbeitstag) 
 
Bildschirmseite: 
[●]

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
Berechnung durch: 
[Berechnungsstelle] [●] 
Anzahl 
der 
Prager 
Bankarbeitstage “p”: 
[●] 
 
 Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches 
Mittel der Angebotssätze] [anwendbaren Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
 
Interpolation: 
[Ja] [Nein] [für den ersten [kurzen][langen] 
Kupon] [für den letzten kurzen Kupon] 
 
[Lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [Zahl 
einfügen]-Monats-[Euribor] 
[Pribor]-
Angebotssatz und dem [Zahl einfügen]-Monats-
[Euribor] [Pribor]-Angebotssatz, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite jeweils um 11:00 Uhr [Im Fall 
des Euribor als Referenzzinssatz einfügen: 
Brüsseler] 
[Im 
Fall 
des 
Pribor 
als 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen: Prager] Zeit angezeigt 
wird.] 
 
Variabel 
Verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
bei 
denen die Verzinsung von 
einem 
Constant 
Maturity 
Swap-Satz abhängig ist: 
[●] 
Anzahl von Jahren: 
[Anzahl von Jahren einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [ICESWAP1 oder eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
[ICESWAP2 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgeseite] 
Anzahl 
von 
Angeboten 
von 
Referenzbanken: 
[Anzahl von Angeboten einfügen] 
Referenzsatzzeit: 
[Referenzsatzzeit einfügen] 
Nach 
Einstellungsereignis 
anwendbarer Zinssatz: 
[für 
vorausgehende 
Zinsperiode 
geltender 
Zinssatz] [Angebotssatz oder arithmetisches Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze] 
[anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
einfügen] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
Zinsfeststellungstag: 
[zweiter] [erster] [letzter] [andere Anzahl von 
Tagen einfügen] [TARGET2] [Londoner] [anderes 
Finanzzentrum (angeben)] Bankarbeitstag [vor 
dem] [Beginn][Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
ISDA-Feststellung: 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
 
Vom Fälligkeitstag bis zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag 
 
Variable Zinssatz-Option: 
[Variable Zinssatz-Option einfügen] 
Bezeichnete Laufzeit:  
[Periode von/bis einfügen] 
Reset-Datum: 
[Reset-Datum einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Faktor: 
[Faktor einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Marge: 
[[Marge einfügen] % pro Jahr] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
[Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz]: 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz: 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr]] 
 
Höchstzinssatz: 
 
 
Bis zum Fälligkeitstag: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr] 
 
Vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
bis 
zum 
Verlängerten Fälligkeitstag: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % pro Jahr]] 
Zinstagequotient: 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]]  
[Fiktiver 
Zinszahltag: 
[Fiktiven 
Zinszahltag 
einfügen]] 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
Actual/365 (fixed) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
Actual/360 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30/360 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30/360 (ISDA)] or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
[Für den [Festzinszeitraum] [und den] [Variablen 
Zinszeitraum]] 
 
§ 3 
Fälligkeit, Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen, Rückzahlung aufgrund einer Gesetzwidrigkeit oder 
Ungültigkeit, Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call Option)] 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen]

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
[Zinszahltag (wie oben definiert), der in den 
[Monat einfügen] des Jahres [Jahr einfügen] fällt] 
Verlängerter Fälligkeitstag 
[Anwendbar/Nicht anwendbar] 
[Der verlängerte Fälligkeitstag ist der [●]] 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Betrag einfügen] pro festgelegte Stückelung]  
Optionale Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
(Call Option): 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Kündigungstermin(e): 
[Kündigungstermin(e) 
einfügen][eines 
jeden 
Jahres beginnend am [Datum einfügen]] 
Recht zur teilweisen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Kündigungsfrist: 
[Zahl 
einsetzen 
(mindestens 
5 Bankarbeits-
tage)][Bankarbeitstage][Monate] 
[Aufgelaufene 
Zinsen 
werden 
separat 
gezahlt: 
 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(-beträge): 
 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 
Anderer Betrag: 
[Optionale(r) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag(-beträge) 
einfügen, 
der/die 
nicht 
unterhalb 
des 
Nennwerts/Emissionspreises liegt/liegen]] 
[Aufgelaufene 
Verzugszinsen 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag [und den Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] basierend auf: 
 
 
der Emissionsrendite 
Referenzpreis: [Referenzpreis einfügen]  
Emissionsrendite: [Emissionsrendite einfügen] 
 
dem 
gesetzlichen 
Verzugszinssatz] 
 
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen (§3 Abs. 2): 
[Einschlägig/Nicht einschlägig] 
Kündigungsfrist für die Bedingung [§ 3 Abs. 2] 
(Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen): 
Mindestfrist: [●] Tage 
Höchstfrist: [●] Tage 
 
[Aufgelaufende Zinsen werden gesondert 
gezahlt: 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
Kündigungsfrist für die Bedingung gemäß [§ 3 [Abs. 
2][Abs. 3]] 
(Rückzahlung 
aufgrund 
einer 
Gesetzeswidrigkeit oder Ungültigkeit): 
Mindestfrist: [●] Tage 
Höchstfrist: [●] Tage 
 
[Aufgelaufende Zinsen werden gesondert 
gezahlt: 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
Bei Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen bzw. 
Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kündigungsgrundes zu 
zahlender Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag  
[●] 
[Emissionsrendite: 
Referenzpreis: [Referenzpreis einfügen] 
Emissionsrendite: [Emissionsrendite einfügen]]

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
Rundung von zahlbaren Beträgen: 
[aufgerundet] [stets abgerundet] 
Dual-Currency-Schuldverschreibungen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Währung für Zahlungsabwicklungen: 
[Währung einfügen] 
 
[Die Umrechnung der zahlbaren Beträge in [Euro] 
[andere 
Währung 
einfügen] 
erfolgt 
[zum 
Wechselkurs] [•]] 
 
[Es werden jedoch mindestens [Euro] [Andere 
Währung einfügen] [0,001] [Andere Einheit 
einfügen] [je Festgelegte Stückelung] [auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag] gezahlt.] 
Wechselkurs: 
[einfügen] [berechnet auf der Basis von [erster 
Kurs] (ausgedrückt als Anzahl von ([Währung 
einfügen] pro [einem][●] [Währung einfügen]) 
multipliziert mit [zweiter Kurs] (ausgedrückt als 
Anzahl von ([Währung einfügen] pro [einem][●] 
[Währung einfügen])] 
Erster Kurs: 
[einfügen], Bildschirmseite: [einfügen],  
Fixing Sponsor [einfügen] 
Zweiter Kurs: 
[einfügen] Bildschirmseite [einfügen],  
Fixing Sponsor [einfügen]  
Kursberechnungstag: 
[einfügen] [[zweiter] Bankarbeitstag 
vor [einfügen]] 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET 2] [[Finanzzentrum einfügen] und 
[Finanzzentrum einfügen]] 
Zeit: 
[einfügen] 
Zeitzone: 
[einfügen]] 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Floating Rate Convention 
[[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] 
 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Anpassung: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET2] 
[London] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
§ 5 
Hauptzahlstelle, Zahlstelle, Berechnungsstelle 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB, Vereinigtes Königreich]  
[andere Hauptzahlstelle einfügen] 
Zusätzliche Zahlstelle(n): 
[zum 
[Zeitpunkt 
einfügen]] 
[Zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle(n) einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB, Vereinigtes Königreich]  
[andere Berechnungsstelle einfügen]  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
§ 10 
Mitteilungen 
[Mitteilungen können in elektronischer Form auf 
der Internetseite der jeweiligen Börse gemacht 
werden:  
 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Börsenpflichtblatt: 
[Name des Börsenpflichtblatts einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Mitteilungen 
in 
einem 
anderen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, wenn Mitteilung nicht 
mehr möglich: 
 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Internetseite: 
[Name 
der 
Börse 
einfügen] 
[Internetseite 
einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]] 
Bankarbeitstag: 
[TARGET2] 
[London] 
[alle 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
[§ 14 
Sprache 
Sprache der Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
 
Englisch 
und 
Deutsch 
(Englisch 
verbindlich) (Wobei die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache nicht Teil 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen ist.) 
 
 
Deutsch 
und 
Englisch 
(Deutsch 
verbindlich) (Wobei die Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache nicht Teil 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen ist.)] 
 
 
ausschließlich deutsch] 
 
§ 15 
(Änderungen der Schuldverschreibungenbedingungen) 
Versammlung der Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger: 
 
 
Gläubigerversammlung  
 
 
ohne Versammlun  
 
Beschränkte Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters der 
Schuldverschreibungsgläubiger: 
[Haftung beschränkt auf das [Multiplikator einfügen]-
fache 
der 
Jahresvergütung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters] [Betrag einfügen] [Nicht einschlägig]]]

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
 
Teil II 
 
 
Wesentliche Informationen  
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern abweichend von den im 
Basisprospekt beschriebenen Interessen, sofern vorhanden] 
 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung der 
Erlöse 
[Wie im Basisprospekt beschrieben] [Green Mortgage 
Covered Bonds – Details in Einklang mit dem Sustainability 
Bond Framework einfügen] [Social Mortgage Covered 
Bonds - Details in Einklang mit dem Sustainability Bond 
Framework einfügen] [Sustainability Mortgage Covered 
Bonds - Details in Einklang mit dem Sustainability Bond 
Framework einfügen] 
Classical Global Note oder New Global Note: 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-
Fähigkeit bewirkt 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt: 
[Ja. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „ja” ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer 
Emission 
bei 
einer 
der 
internationalen 
zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle einzureichen. Das bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Geldpolitik 
des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit 
durch 
das 
Eurosystem 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon 
ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Kriterien der 
Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
 
[Nein. Im Fall der Kennzeichnung mit „nein” zum Datum 
dieser 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
können 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt bei 
einer der internationalen zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
eingereicht 
werden, wenn die Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem 
zukünftig 
dergestalt 
geändert 
werden, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen diese Kriterien erfüllen können. Dies 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für 
Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch das 
Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt davon ab, dass die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die 
Kriterien der Eignung für das Eurosystem erfüllt sind.] 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern 
 
[Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
ISIN Code: 
[●]

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
[Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[Klassifizierungscode (CFI Code): 
[●]] 
[FISN Code: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
[Sonstige vorläufige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
[●]] 
Rendite 
 
Rendite bezogen auf den Ausgabepreis: 
[[Prozentsatz einfügen] % per annum]  
[Nicht anwendbar. Die Rendite der Schuldverschreibungen 
kann nicht [zum Ausgabetag] ermittelt werden.] 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndiziert 
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Managements 
 
Dealer/Bankenkonsortium: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
Provisionen 
 
[Management- und Übernahmeprovision 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben]] 
[Verkaufsprovision: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben]] 
[Börsenzulassungsprovision:  
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben]] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten im Zusammenhang mit der 
Zulassung zum Handel: 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
Stabilisierungsmanager: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [Nicht anwendbar]  
Verwendung und geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse: 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 Luxemburger Börse 
 
 Regulierter Markt 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
 Sonstige: 
[●] 
 Rating 
[Einzelheiten des Ratings angeben][Bedeutung des Ratings 
erklären] 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (wie geändert) (die Ratingagentur-Verordnung) registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
 
[Die 
Europäische 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(ESMA) 
veröffentlicht 
auf 
ihrer 
Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses 
Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im 
Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
 
[Die gemäß den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den [EURIBOR®, der derzeit 
vom European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [CMS, der derzeit vom ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (IBA) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [SONIA®, der derzeit von der Bank of England zur Verfügung

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
gestellt wird] [SOFR®, der derzeit von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [PRIBOR, 
der derzeit von Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [ANDERER 
REFERENZZINSSATZ, der derzeit von [Administrator einfügen] zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet werden. Zum 
Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen erschein[t][en] [EMMI] [IBA] [die Bank of England] [die Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York] [Czech Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o.] [Administrator einfügen] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der 
Administratoren und Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) gemäß 
Artikel 36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die Benchmark-Verordnung) eingerichtet und 
verwaltet wird.]] 
 
 
[UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
___________________________________ 
 
[Name]]

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
ISSUER 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
Želetavská 1525/1 
140 92 Prague 4 
Czech Republic 
 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London, E14 5LB 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
To the Dealers as to Czech law 
White & Case LLP 
White & Case, s.r.o., advokátní kancelář 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
Na Příkopě 14 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
110 00 Prague 1 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Issuer as to Czech law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy (Czech Republic) LLP, 
organizační složka 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
V Celnici 4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
11000 Prague 
Germany 
Czech Republic 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
120 00 Praha 2 – Vinohrady 
Czech Republic 
DEALERS 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s. 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Želetavská 1525/1 
Arabellastrasse 12 
140 92 Prague 4 
81925 Munich 
Czech Republic 
Germany 
 
 
ASSET MONITOR 
Deloitte Audit s.r.o. 
Italská 2581/67 
120 00 Praha 2 – Vinohrady 
Czech Republic