--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Base Prospectus 
dated 17 March 2021 (the "Date of Approval") 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of non-equity securities 
within the meaning of Article 2 (c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus").  
 
Uniper SE 
(Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer  
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Uniper SE 
("Uniper" or "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and trade Notes on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the 
European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the "Regulated Market"). The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2016/97/EU and Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (the "CSSF"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and under the Luxembourg act relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant 
mise en oeuvre du règlement (EU) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Bayerische Landesbank 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs 
Bank Europe SE 
ING 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Santander Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
SEB 
SMBC Nikko 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (www.uniper.energy/bonds). For the avoidance of doubt, the content 
of the aforementioned websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from its Date of Approval. 
The validity ends upon expiration of 17 March 2022, provided that it is completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. There is no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any documents incorporated 
herein by reference and with any supplement hereto. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche 
(as defined below) of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus 
(including any document incorporated by reference and any supplement) and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus contains all necessary information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes which is 
material in the context of the Programme; that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer 
and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions 
and intentions expressed herein are honestly held; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer 
or the Notes, the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any of such 
information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; and that the Issuer has 
made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus has been 
approved and the trading of any Tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding 
the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any document 
incorporated herein by reference or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms, and accordingly, and 
to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these 
documents. This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its Date of Approval and this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The language of this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto is English. The German versions of 
the English language sets of Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Form of Final Terms are set 
out in this Base Prospectus for additional information. As to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer under the Notes to be issued, German shall be the binding and 
prevailing language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto, and any Final Terms and the offering, 
sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms come are required to 
inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the European Economic 
Area, the United Kingdom and Japan see "Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which 
they have been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as 
stabilising manager(s) (or a person acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar 
days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising 
manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions 
and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions 
that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Uniper's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Uniper's 
business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors 
are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and 
"Description of the Issuer" and such parts of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out under "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. These sections include 
more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Uniper's business and the markets 
in which it operates.

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus 
may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required 
by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to 
actual events or developments. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets;  
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale 
and redemption of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/ EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
United Kingdom Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), as amended by the Markets in 
Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Article 68(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(28) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the 
Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
United Kingdom MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Benchmarks Register 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes may be calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR, 
which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") or (ii) STIBOR, which is 
currently provided by Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB ("FBS") or (iii) the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA"), which is currently provided by the Bank of England, or (iv) the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or (v) 
the Euro-Short Term Rate ("€STR"), which is published by the European Central Bank. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, FBS, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the 
European Central Bank do not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "Benchmark Regulation") while EMMI 
has been included therein.

--- Page 6 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................... 1 
Responsibility Statement ................................................................................................................................. 3 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................................................................................... 4 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer ....................................................................................................... 4 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes ..................................................................................................... 10 
Issue Procedures ........................................................................................................................................... 14 
Conditions of the Notes – English Language Version ................................................................................... 16 
Option I – Conditions that Apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates .................................................. 17 
Option II – Conditions that Apply to Notes with Floating Interest Rates ............................................. 37 
Conditions of the Notes – German Language Version .................................................................................. 65 
Option I – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung........................................ 65 
Option II – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung .................................. 88 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 118 
Description of Rules Regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................................. 140 
Description of the Issuer .............................................................................................................................. 142 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 163 
Warning Regarding Taxation ....................................................................................................................... 164 
Selling Restrictions ...................................................................................................................................... 165 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................................... 169 
General Information ..................................................................................................................................... 171 
Names and Addresses ................................................................................................................................ 172

--- Page 7 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under its EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, Uniper SE (the "Issuer") may from time to 
time issue notes in bearer form (the "Notes") to one or more financial institutions specified on the cover 
page of this Base Prospectus and any additional financial institution appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a permanent basis 
(each a "Dealer", and, together, the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant 
Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the dealer agreement dated 
17 March 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") from time to time. 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"). One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and are identical in all respects, but having (if so applicable) 
different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments, 
may form a series ("Series") of fungible Notes.  
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") applicable 
to each Tranche of Notes. The Conditions will be set out in a document specific to such Tranche referred 
to as final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes 
will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other 
currency equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any 
other currency. The Notes will be freely transferable and will be redeemed at par at their respective 
maturity date. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated 
in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of 
pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which 
are received by the Dealers. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above 
such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price corresponding to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes by taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private placements and, in each case, on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. Notes may further be issued under the Programme which will not be listed on any 
stock exchange. 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"). The Fiscal Agent shall also act as paying 
agent under the Programme. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. Notes denominated in euro 
or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes will 
initially be deposited upon issue with in the case of (i) a new global note either Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, (ii) a classical global note

--- Page 8 ---
2 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. This does not necessarily mean, however, that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria prevailing from time to time.

--- Page 9 ---
3 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Uniper with its registered office in Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany is solely responsible for the 
information given in this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the relevant 
final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge that the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import.  
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
No other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than Uniper, is responsible for the information 
given in this Base Prospectus, and any supplement thereto.

--- Page 10 ---
4 
 
RISK FACTORS   
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to Uniper and may affect the ability of 
Uniper to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and that are material to the Notes issued under the 
Programme in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should 
consider these risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Base Prospectus and consult with 
their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) before 
investing in the Notes. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described herein may 
combine and thus intensify one another.  
Within each category the most material risk factor is presented first. The materiality assessment 
regarding the Issuer specific risk factors is based on the expected loss estimation for the risk factor 
considering Uniper Group’s three year planning horizon. Additional risks not known or which are 
currently considered immaterial may also negatively impact Uniper Group’s business objectives and 
operations. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
There are a number of business or operational factors that can affect Uniper Group’s operations 
by having a negative impact on revenues, results and cash flows which may adversely affect 
Uniper Group’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes or which could have a negative 
impact on the marketability and the market price of the Notes.  
 
MARKET RISKS  
Strategy execution risks 
In 2020, Uniper Group committed to become carbon neutral by 2050 and announced a new strategy 
which foresees a corresponding transformation of the company in the long term. This transformation 
includes gradual decarbonization of the company’s power generation portfolio, development of a 
renewable asset portfolio, realization of new hydrogen projects, and reduction of environmental impact 
of Uniper Group’s global commodities businesses. 
The implementation steps aimed at achieving these strategic objectives entail risks. For example, the 
conversion of gas-fired power plants (which currently account for about half of Uniper Group’s installed 
generation capacity) to become carbon neutral may prove to be not feasible either technically or 
financially. 
Furthermore, Uniper Group does not yet have significant experience in the development of renewable 
assets. Uniper Group may also consider inorganic opportunities to accelerate the growth in this business 
area. However, even if Uniper Group was able to identify opportunities for investment or acquisition, it 
may be difficult to realise individual projects or complete transactions. 
In addition, Uniper Group plans to invest into new or not yet commercially viable technologies, such as 
green or blue hydrogen production or other decarbonized gases. In the long term, these new, 
decarbonized commodities shall replace the fossil-fuel based commodities such as coal or (liquified) 
natural gas that are currently part of the portfolio of Uniper Group’s global commodities business. There 
are risks inherent in investing in new technologies including if and when new technologies will become 
economically viable. Incorrect choice or timing of investments in new technologies and products can 
therefore lead to sunk costs and missed opportunities. 
If any strategy execution risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 11 ---
5 
 
Market environment risks  
Uniper Group is exposed to the risks of a general deterioration of the market environment. These include 
macroeconomic developments affecting the supply and demand of energy, changes in the competitive 
situation and radical changes in global energy markets (e.g., the decline in conventional power 
production in favour of renewable generation to reduce CO2 emissions). Such developments could 
result in Uniper Group’s operating activities, such as the portfolio of physical investments, losing their 
market. In addition, this could trigger renegotiations of long term supply and sales contracts leading to 
contract and price adjustments which are detrimental for Uniper Group. 
If any market environment risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Renegotiation of Long-Term Gas Contracts Risk 
Uniper Group entered into long-term gas supply contracts amounting to 368 TWh per annum. Long-term 
gas supply contracts generally include the possibility for the customer and the supplier to adapt 
contractual terms to changed market conditions. This entails the risk for Uniper that suppliers will impose 
conditions that are detrimental to the company. 
If any renegotiation risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Regasification Capacities Risk 
A deterioration in the economic situation or upheavals in the market for liquefied natural gas ("LNG") 
could lead to a lower than planned utilization of the long-term capacity booked in the regasification plants 
in the LNG business and make it necessary to set up provisions for onerous contracts over the entire 
remaining booking period.  
If any risk related to the long-term capacities in the regasification plants of the LNG business 
materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business and cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Commodity price risks  
Uniper Group’s operating activities, in particular the physical assets, long-term procurement contracts 
and sales agreements with key customers, are exposed to risks due to the fluctuations in the price of 
commodities. For Uniper, market price risks arise in the following, frequently-traded commodity areas: 
electricity, gas, coal, freight, oil, liquefied natural gas and emission allowances. 
If any commodity price risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate risks 
Uniper Group is exposed to risks associated with fluctuating interest rates as a result of short-term or 
variable-rate borrowings as well as liabilities on the balance sheet such as pension provisions and asset 
retirement obligations. Uniper Group primarily uses flexible financing instruments such as a commercial 
paper program or a revolving credit facility for external financing. In case of an increase in interest rates, 
Uniper Group’s financing costs will also increase. Changes in interest rates and related discount factors 
will also impact the value of Uniper Group’s pension and asset retirement provisions. 
If any interest rate risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 12 ---
6 
 
Foreign Exchange (FX) risks 
Due to its participation in business activities outside the euro area, Uniper Group is exposed to currency 
risks. These risks result mainly from the following activities being carried out in foreign currency and 
fluctuating currency exchange rates: Physical and financial trading of commodities, existing and new 
investments, obligations, external financing, and shareholder loans within Uniper Group. 
If any FX risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
OPERATIONAL RISKS 
People risks  
People risks include health and safety risks, risks due to the loss of special skills and risks due to errors 
on the part of employees who have not been sufficiently trained or who are not sufficiently qualified. 
Specifically in its commodity trading business Uniper has particular expertise and key persons which - 
in case they were to leave - could have a tangible impact on Uniper Global Commodities earnings 
potential, business continuation, innovation and development. Furthermore, there is a risk that members 
of executive bodies or employees may conclude unauthorised or illegal transactions that could lead to 
legal proceedings being initiated against Uniper Group or its employees, resulting in fines, loss of 
licenses or similar.  
If any people risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business 
and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Asset operation risks 
Technologically complex production, generation, storage, distribution and handling facilities are used in 
the generation of energy. In principle, there is the possibility that human error, technical malfunctions or 
other events resulting in damages (e.g., natural disasters, sabotage, terrorist attacks, strikes, etc.) may 
negatively affect the availability of facilities. In addition, the aforementioned events could necessitate 
major repairs and result in personal injury and damage to property and the environment. Moreover, as 
regards electricity generation, Uniper Group is exposed to a production volume risk from meteorological 
and hydrological fluctuations. As an operator and shareholder of nuclear power plants in Sweden, Uniper 
Group is exposed to a cost risk for the final disposal of radioactive remnants like used fuel rods. 
If any asset operation risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Asset project risks 
Part of Uniper Group’s business activities involve the construction, expansion, renovation, conversion 
or decommissioning of power plants or other energy industry facilities. This includes the risk that actual 
construction costs exceed planned costs, that construction delays may occur e.g. as the result of the 
regulatory approval process or that construction could even be stopped by an authority. 
If any asset project risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Berezovskaya 3: Delay risk 
Following the fire in the boiler house at the GRES TG 3 unit of the Berezovskaya power plant in Russia 
on 1 February, 2016, a dedicated project has focused on replacing the damaged essential components 
of the 800 MW boiler. For a certain period of time, the project suffered from resource and productivity 
issues, which were exacerbated by the influence of Covid-19. The epidemic situation on the project site 
could since be stabilized and the project work is progressing such that the commercial operation date 
continues to be expected in the first half of 2021. Nevertheless, a residual risk for a further project delay 
remains.

--- Page 13 ---
7 
 
If any delay risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations 
Nord Stream 2: Project Failure Risk 
Uniper Group is involved in financing the Nord Stream 2 project. As part of this financing, there is a 
default risk for receivables from Nord Stream 2 AG, particularly in the event the project cannot be 
completed successfully. The main risk for the completion of the project are actual and potential US 
sanctions. Current sanctions have only been imposed on a pipelay vessel and its owner. Nord Stream 
2 AG confirmed repeatedly that they are working to complete the project.  
If the risk of not completing the project successfully materialises, this could have a material adverse 
effect on Uniper Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Information technology (IT) risks 
Operational and strategic management of Uniper Group is highly dependent on complex information and 
communication technology. Technical malfunctions, improper operation by employees, virus attacks, 
data loss or outages of IT systems can have significant negative impacts on ongoing operations of 
individual segments of the Group or Uniper Group as a whole and result in considerable costs, which 
increase with the duration of the malfunction. In addition, Uniper is operating critical infrastructure in 
several European countries. This includes power stations and gas storage facilities. External Hacker 
attacks could have a negative impact on the operation of the infrastructure, to the environment and/or 
could lead to legal consequences. Further, the misuse or inadvertent dissemination of confidential 
information by an employee could lead to the disclosure of commercial secrets or violate data privacy 
policies. 
If any IT risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Covid-19 risk  
In 2020, the Covid-19 pandemic has started to impact Uniper’s financials (mainly via demand reduction) 
as well as operational activities (mainly via Berezovskaya 3 project delays). As the economic 
implications of the pandemic are expected to continue well into 2021, Uniper is still exposed to a number 
of Covid-19 related risks such as: falling commodity prices leading to lower revenues from Uniper’s 
energy production as well as impairments on Uniper’s assets; financial losses due to Covid-19 related 
defaults of counterparties; supply chain issues, caused by force majeure cases, travel restrictions, 
missing equipment, etc. leading to a delay in Uniper’s asset projects or to unplanned outages in Uniper’s 
asset operations; and business continuity issues caused by Covid-19 infections among Uniper’s 
employees.  
If any Covid-19 risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s business 
and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
LEGAL, POLITICAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
Datteln 4: Permitting risk 
Since 30 May 2020, the coal-fired power plant Datteln 4 with a net electrical output of approximately 
1,055 MW is in commercial operation. Construction and operation are based on the currently granted 
immission control permit from the district government of Munster and the project-based development 
plan No. 105a by the city of Datteln. However, the project continues to be the subject of several 
administrative lawsuits. If, as a result of the pending legal proceedings, the permit is revoked, or the 
development plan is declared ineffective, there is a risk that all investments made to date will have to 
be written off and planned earnings cannot be realized. The coal exit law (Gesetz zur Reduzierung und 
zur Beendigung der Kohleverstromung) which entered into force in August 2020 has not changed the 
potential for this permitting risk.

--- Page 14 ---
8 
 
If the risk of Datteln 4 finally losing its permission materialises, this could have a material adverse effect 
on Uniper Group’s business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks from legal proceedings 
Uniper Group’s operations in a variety of jurisdictions expose the group to various legal risks. These 
mainly comprise risks arising from threatened or pending legal proceedings with regard to contract and 
price adjustments in connection with long-term supply or sales contracts, energy law and regulatory 
issues, licensing matters as well as supplier disputes. 
If any legal risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Political risks  
Political interventions present Uniper Group’s operations with various risks. These include, for example, 
substantially higher emission reduction targets as foreseen via the EU Green Deal, changing 
requirements with regards to renewable energy, the phasing out of coal-fired power generation, which 
is being discussed in various countries (see below under “Risks from Europe Exiting Coal-fired Power 
Generation”), the introduction and modification of capacity markets, and sanctions, inter alia, for Nord 
Stream 2. 
If any political risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s business 
and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks from Europe Exiting Coal-fired Power Generation 
Following the coal exit law (Gesetz zur Reduzierung und zur Beendigung der Kohleverstromung) in 
Germany, coming into effect in August 2020, the phase-out of coal and its conditions are now largely 
determined in the European countries where Uniper operates coal plants. Consequently, the financial 
uncertainty which existed for Uniper around such exits has reduced significantly. The residual risk in 
Germany stems from the coal exist law having agreed review points, which could result in the German 
government deciding to shorten the runtime of Datteln 4 including the associated financial conditions. 
In the Netherlands, the Dutch government is proposing additional measures for coal-fired plants as a 
result of the Urgenda Verdict in order to achieve the national greenhouse gas reduction targets. These 
measures for coal-fired power production restrictions could affect the Maasvlakte3 plant during the years 
2021 to 2024.  
If risks related to an earlier than expected coal exit without compensation materialises, this could have 
a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s business and cash flows, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
U.S. Sanctions Risk 
Due to the ongoing political tensions between the U.S. and Russia and the unpredictable nature of the 
threat of sanctions, U.S. sanctions present a risk for the Uniper Group. Uniper Group’s Russian and 
global trading business, as well as Uniper Group’s financing of the Nord Stream 2 project, are the main 
sources of potential U.S. sanctions risk.  
If any U.S. sanction risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Regulatory risks 
Since Uniper Group trades financial instruments, it is exposed to risks arising from the implementation 
and amendment of financial market regulations and directives that affect Uniper Group, such as EMIR 
(European Market Infrastructure Regulation), REMIT (Regulation on Energy Market Integrity and 
Transparency), MiFiD II (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive). Potential changes to existing 
financial market regulation could significantly increase administrative burdens and result in the need for 
additional liquidity. In addition, changes to existing energy regulation in the markets in which Uniper 
Group operates could lead to higher costs and/or lower revenues.

--- Page 15 ---
9 
 
If any regulatory risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s business 
and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
FINANCIAL RISKS  
Rating Downgrade risk  
Uniper Group is exposed to a liquidity risk which is contingent on a downgrade of its long-term credit 
rating. A potential downgrade from the current BBB investment grade rating to BBB- or below would 
trigger counterparties’ – particularly in the trading business – right to demand additional collateral which 
would need to be provided via liquid assets or bank guarantees. In 2020, S&P lifted the CreditWatch 
negative and affirmed Uniper’s long-term credit rating at BBB, albeit with a negative outlook. The 
negative outlook reflects the negative outlook on the BBB rating of Uniper’s majority shareholder Fortum 
Oyj, which serves as a cap for Uniper’s rating. 
If the rating downgrade risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's 
business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Liquidity risks 
Uniper Group is exposed to pure liquidity risks like margining risk from commodity trades on exchanges 
or under bilateral margining agreements as well as the risk around the access to liquid funds. 
If any liquidity risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group’s business 
and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit risks 
Uniper Group is exposed to credit risks associated with business operations and the use of derivative 
instruments. Credit risks arise from the non-settlement or partial settlement of outstanding receivables 
by counterparties and from replacement risks for derivative instruments. 
If any credit risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Tax risks 
Uniper Group is exposed to financial risks, for example, in connection with possible effects on current 
or deferred taxes arising from current or future tax audits, changes in legislation and by decisions of 
various tax courts. Additional effects can result from the further development of national and international 
law through enactments and decrees of the respective tax authorities, as well as other financial 
management measures. 
If any tax risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Uniper Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
10 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders of Notes are therefore exposed to 
the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes which materialise if the Holders 
sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If Holders of Notes decide to hold the Notes until 
final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Holders of fixed rate notes (the "Fixed Rate Notes") are particularly exposed to the risk that the price 
of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest 
rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, 
the current interest rate on the capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest 
rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, 
the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to 
the market interest rate of comparable issues. If Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until 
maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be 
redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of floating rate notes (the "Floating Rate Notes") are particularly exposed to the risk of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the 
historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development 
of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes 
may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the 
Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a market for the 
Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which Holders may be able to sell their 
Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower 
than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's 
operating results, the market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic 
conditions, performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity 
of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the market for 
debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent 
of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair 
market prices. 
Risks related to Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for 
any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit 
rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their

--- Page 17 ---
11 
 
methodologies for rating securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the credit 
rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating could adversely affect the value 
and trading of such Notes. 
 
RISKS RELATED TO SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(optional call right) or for reason of minimal outstanding amount. If the applicable Final Terms indicate 
that payments on Notes are linked to a benchmark, the Issuer may also have the right to redeem the 
Notes in case of a discontinuation of such benchmark. In addition, the Issuer will always have the right 
to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the 
Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes 
prior to maturity, the Holders of such Notes are exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption 
his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise his call 
right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may 
only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other 
hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the 
capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may 
exercise any call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Risks associated with the reform of STIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks'  
The Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and 
other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a 
"Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation").  
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in 
any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation 
or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 Benchmark 
Regulation), the administrator is recognised (Art. 32 Benchmark Regulation) or the Benchmark 
is endorsed (Art. 33 Benchmark Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this 
is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate.

--- Page 18 ---
12 
 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmark Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives 
and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available rate 
of the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating 
rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis 
of another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination of the relevant 
Notes at the option of the Issuer.  
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an 
effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any 
changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amounts payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
Risks associated with new reference rates such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to SONIA, SOFR and €STR. SONIA is based on 
actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling 
overnight from other financial institutions. Investors should be aware that the market continues to 
develop in relation to the SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to Sterling LIBOR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be 
determined on the date the Notes became due and payable. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
On 22 June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York identified the 
SOFR as the rate that represented best practice for use in certain new U.S. dollar derivatives and other 
financial contracts. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of the SOFR is subject to 
important limitations and disclaimers. SOFR is published based on data received from other sources. 
There can be no guarantee that the SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the respective Notes. If the manner in which the 
SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. SOFR has been published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York since April 2018. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the 
SOFR as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR. Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market 
index, the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does 
not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than 
those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be 
able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
In light of these developments and similar to the approaches in the United States and the United 
Kingdom, the Governing Council of the European Central Bank has decided to develop a euro short-
term rate ("€STR") based on data already available to the eurosystem. €STR reflects the wholesale euro 
unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks, complements existing benchmark rates

--- Page 19 ---
13 
 
provided by the private sector and is published on each TARGET2 banking day since 2 October 2019. 
Given that it cannot be excluded that further changes will be implemented and, in particular, that there 
is no historical data or trends that investors could rely on and that the transition from existing reference 
rates to €STR could result in further uncertainties and limitations, investors in the Notes should consider 
all these factors when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Currency Risk 
Holders of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) are particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding 
change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in 
accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro 
rises correspondingly, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made 
thereunder expressed in euro falls.  
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected. 
Risks related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders 
of a series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
may be amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such 
Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to 
the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes 
are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority 
resolution will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due 
and payable based on the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from 
the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally 
based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders 
(the "Holders' Representative") may be appointed in the terms and conditions of an issue.  
However, no initial Holders' Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue 
date. Any appointment of a Holders' Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority 
resolution of the Holders of the Notes. If the appointment of a Holders' Representative is delayed, this 
will make it more difficult for Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders' Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that 
Holders may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and 
Conditions against the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Holders' Representative by majority vote 
who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders.

--- Page 20 ---
14 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). These Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of terms 
and conditions of the Notes set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the 
"Terms and Conditions") as completed by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions shall apply to each type of Notes, as set out below. The Final 
Terms shall provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; and 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer shall document the Conditions in any of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain further options 
contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating 
the relevant provisions of, and completing the relevant placeholders set out in Option I or Option II 
in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone 
shall constitute the Conditions (the "Integrated Conditions"). The Integrated Conditions shall be 
attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. The Issuer shall 
document the Conditions in this way if the Notes shall be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or 
initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain 
further options contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes 
by making reference to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. The Final 
Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. 
The Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be attached to each global note 
representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Notes. Each set of Terms and Conditions constituting Option I or Option II contains certain further 
options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in this Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by 
square brackets which include the relevant items) which shall be determined by the Final Terms as 
follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer shall determine which options shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes either by 
replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by making reference in the Final Terms to the 
relevant sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. If the Final Terms do not replicate or make 
reference to an alternative or optional provision (as set out in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions) 
such provision shall be deemed to have been deleted from the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 21 ---
15 
 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall specify the information completing the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed 
to have been completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text set out in the Final Terms shall be 
deemed to have been deleted from the Terms and Conditions. 
Binding Language 
The sets of Terms and Conditions have been prepared in the German and English language. The 
Conditions may be prepared (i) in the German language with an English language translation (in which 
case the German language version shall be binding), (ii) in the English language with a German 
language translation (in which case the English language version shall be binding), or (iii) in the English 
language only.

--- Page 22 ---
16 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Introduction 
 
The Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") are set forth below in two options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed 
interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
 
 
Each set of Conditions contains certain further options, which are characterised 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square 
brackets within the set of Conditions. 
 
 In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, whether Option I or Option II (including 
further options contained in these options, respectively) shall apply with respect to 
an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions of this 
option or by referring to the relevant provisions of this option. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Base Prospectus the Issuer had no 
knowledge of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, 
this Base Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In case the Final 
Terms applicable 
to an individual 
issue only refer 
to the further 
options 
contained in 
Option I or 
Option II the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in 
the provisions of these Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions 
of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Conditions; and all provisions of these Conditions which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set 
out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Conditions, as 
required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms 
may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at 
the registered office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are 
not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available to Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 23 ---
17 
 
 
 
OPTION I – Conditions that Apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of Uniper SE (the 
"Issuer") are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the 
following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global 
notes (each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. Any claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be 
represented by the relevant Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) 
above on a date not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent 
that certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of § 1(3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In 
case of more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs"] 
and any successor in such capacity. 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.

--- Page 24 ---
18 
 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall 
be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the total principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
[In case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits)] [[and] the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The payment obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated present and future 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other in rem encumbrance upon any or all of its 
present or future assets to secure any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness without at the same time, or prior thereto, securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith. "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any (i) bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or

--- Page 25 ---
19 
 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-
counter market), (ii) certificates of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) and (iii) 
guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert rate of 
interest] per cent. per annum (the "Rate of Interest") from, and including, [insert 
Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to, but 
excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest shall be payable [In 
case there is more than one Interest Payment Date the following applies: 
[semi-annually] [annually]] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [In 
case there are Interest Payment Dates in more than one year the following 
applies: in each year] ([In case there is more than one Interest Payment Date 
the following applies: each such date, an] [In case there is only one Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: the] "Interest Payment Date"). [In case 
there is more than one Interest Payment Date the following applies: The first 
payment of interest shall be made on [insert first Interest Payment Date] and 
the last payment of interest shall be made on [insert last Interest Payment 
Date].] On [In case there is more than one Interest Payment Date the 
following applies: each] [In case there is only one Interest Payment Date the 
following applies: the] Interest Payment Date [In case of a short or long first 
Interest Period the following applies: other than the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [insert first Interest Payment Date] (the "First Interest Payment 
Date")] [In case of a short or long last Interest Period the following applies: 
[and] other than the Interest Payment Date falling on [insert last Interest 
Payment Date] (the "Last Interest Payment Date")] interest in the amount of 
[insert amount of interest per Note in the Specified Denomination] will be 
paid per Note in the Specified Denomination. [In case of a short or long first 
Interest Period the following applies: On the First Interest Payment Date an 
initial broken amount of interest in the amount of [insert initial broken amount 
of interest per Note in the Specified Denomination] will be paid per Note in 
the Specified Denomination.] [In case of a short or long last Interest Period 
insert: On the Last Interest Payment Date a final broken amount of interest in the 
amount of [insert final broken amount of interest per Note in the Specified 
Denomination] will be paid per Note in the Specified Denomination.] [In case 
(the) Interest Payment Date(s) is/are subject to adjustment insert: Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4).] 
 
 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, and 
including, the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the amount of interest payable under the 
Notes is required to be calculated for any period of time (other than in respect of 
the amount[s] of interest set out in paragraph (1) of this § 3), such amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with the applicable market convention. 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
                                                     
 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank from 
time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 26 ---
20 
 
"Calculation Period") 
In case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), the 
following applies 
 
[1. if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
2. if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which 
the Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
 
(1) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
 
(2) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, and including, a Determination 
Date to, but excluding, the next Determination Date (including, where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first 
Determination Date falling after the final Interest Payment Date, as the case may 
be). 
 
The number of determination dates per calendar year (each a "Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year] 
(each [insert date]).] 
In case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of 
a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]

--- Page 27 ---
21 
 
In case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon 
presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global 
Note representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, 
upon due certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as defined 
below) the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business 
Day.] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which (i) the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as 
defined in § 1 (6))] [on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial 
centres]] [[and] [in case TARGET has already been defined the following 
applies: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not already been defined the 
following applies: the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open].

--- Page 28 ---
22 
 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall be 
adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In the case of Preceding Business 
Day Convention the following applies: brought forward] [In the case of 
Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In the case of Preceding Business 
Day Convention the following applies: brought forward] [In the case of 
Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted 
the Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such 
adjustment. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below); [In case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] [In case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount (Make 
Whole) the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) of 
the Notes (as specified below);] [In case the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the 
Notes (as specified below);] and any premium and any other amounts (other than 
interest) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in 
these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7) which may be payable 
under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders 
within twelve months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [In case the Notes are 
redeemed at their principal amount the following applies: its principal 
amount] [otherwise insert Specified Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Specified Denomination, which shall not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. The Notes will be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less 
than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § [13], to the Holders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the tax laws or regulations of the

--- Page 29 ---
23 
 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for tax purposes or of any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws 
or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the date on 
which the first tranche of this series of Notes is issued, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
 
 
Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this § 5 (2) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
 
 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem all or only some of the Notes on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the 
Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with interest, if any, 
accrued to (but excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this 
§ 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert 
other minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] 
days' nor more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if 
in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]]

--- Page 30 ---
24 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption 
(Make Whole) at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make Whole). 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem all or only some of the Notes on the Call Redemption Date (Make 
Whole) at the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole). 
The "Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole)" of a Note shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Call Redemption Calculation Date 
(Make Whole) as an amount equal to the sum of: 
 
 
 
 
(i) the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed;  
 
 
(ii) the Applicable Premium; and 
 
 
(iii) accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date (Make Whole). 
 
 
The "Applicable Premium" means the excess, if any, of: 
 
 
(i) the present value on such Call Redemption Date (Make Whole) of the 
sum of 
 
 
(A) the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; and 
 
 
(B) all remaining scheduled interest payments in respect of such Note 
from (and including) the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole) to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (excluding, for the avoidance of 
doubt, interest accrued to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date 
(Make Whole)) 
 
 
discounted with the Benchmark Yield plus [insert relevant percentage rate] 
per cent. 
 
 
over 
 
 
(ii) the principal amount of such Note on the Call Redemption Date (Make 
Whole). 
 
 
The "Benchmark Yield" means the yield of the Pricing Benchmark which 
appears on the Screen Page on the Call Redemption Calculation Date (Make 
Whole) at or about [insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial centre] 
time). If such yield is not displayed and/or the Screen Page is not available 
and/or the Pricing Benchmark is no longer outstanding at such time, the 
Benchmark Yield shall be the yield of a substitute benchmark debt security 
of [insert relevant issuer] selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, which has a maturity that is as close as possible to 
the remaining term of the Notes to the Maturity Date and would be used at 
the time of its selection by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
customary financial practice for pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
"Pricing Benchmark" means the [insert relevant currency] denominated 
benchmark debt security of [insert relevant issuer] used for pricing the 
Notes, being the [insert description of the relevant pricing benchmark] 
(ISIN [insert relevant benchmark]). 
 
 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant service provider] page [insert 
relevant screen page] [([if applicable, insert setting: setting "[insert 
relevant setting]"] [if applicable, insert pricing source: [and] using the

--- Page 31 ---
25 
 
pricing source "[insert relevant pricing source]"])] or such other display 
page as may replace such Screen Page on the service provided by [insert 
relevant service provider], or the display page (if any) of such other service 
as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion 
as the replacement information vendor for the purpose of displaying the 
relevant yield. 
 
 
"Call Redemption Calculation Date (Make Whole)" means the fortieth day 
prior to the date on which the Notes are redeemed in accordance with this 
§ 5([4]) (the "Call Redemption Date (Make Whole)") or, in case the fortieth 
day is not a Payment Business Day, the Payment Business Day immediately 
prior to the fortieth day. 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph 
([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption[.] [In case the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes early (Three Months Par Call) the following applies:, 
provided that the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole) shall not fall within 
the Call Redemption Period (Three Months Par Call)]. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if 
in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date (Make Whole); and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount (Make Whole) at which such Notes are to 
be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) 
is applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, within the Call Redemption Period 
(Three Months Par Call) on the Call Redemption Date (Three Months Par 
Call) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, 
to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Three Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period (Three Months Par Call)" means the period from 
(and including) the day falling three months before the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder

--- Page 32 ---
26 
 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph 
([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period (Three Months Par Call) on 
which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date (Three 
Months Par Call)").] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case [80] [insert other relevant percentage rate] per cent. or more of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes have been redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes in whole, but not in part, 
on the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount of the Notes) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Minimal 
Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph 
([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption 
Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes)").] 
 
 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Redemption 
at the Option of 
the Holder the 
following applies 
 
[([7]) Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
(a) The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of 
any Note in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date[s] at the Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below in 
whole but not in part together with interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, 
the Put Redemption Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Dates(s)] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer the following applies: The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer 
of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5.]

--- Page 33 ---
27 
 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [30] [insert 
other Minimum Notice Period (which shall be not less than 15 days)] 
nor more than [60] [insert other Maximum Notice Period] days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice, submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice 
in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the [insert Minimum Notice Period] 
Business Day before the [relevant] Put Redemption Date, the option shall 
not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
[and] (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the 
case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its bank account]. The Put 
Notice may be in the German or English language and may be prepared in 
the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, which may 
include further information. No option so exercised may be revoked. To 
exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the Holder must 
deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early Redemption 
as a result of a 
Change of 
Control the 
following applies 
 
[([8]) Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
 
(a) In the event that a Change of Control occurs and within the Change of 
Control Period a Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs or 
is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph 
(b), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date of all 
and not only some of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared 
due for early redemption, at their Final Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Effective Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to § 
[13], and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective date 
for the purposes of the Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). 
The Effective Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 and not 
more than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding the Early 
Redemption Event pursuant to subparagraph (ii)(A). 
 
 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group of persons acting in 
concert, acquires directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the shares 
in the Issuer which carry the right to vote. 
 
 
The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the 
Change of Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the 
Change of Control, and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder relating to a Change 
of Control. 
 
 
A "Downgrade" occurs if a credit rating solicited by the Issuer in respect of 
its long-term unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating 
Agencies cease to assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to the 
Issuer. A credit rating below investment grade shall mean, in relation to 
Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a part of McGraw Hill Financial Inc., a 
rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's Investor Services Inc., a 
rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency has been 
designated by the Issuer, a comparable rating.

--- Page 34 ---
28 
 
 
 
"Rating Agencies" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global 
Ratings or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any other rating agency 
designated by the Issuer. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days 
before the Effective Date, submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed redemption notice in 
written form (the "Early Redemption Notice"). In the event that the Early 
Redemption Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th 
Business Day before the Effective Date, the option shall not have been 
validly exercised. The Early Redemption Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
[and] (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the 
case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its bank account]. The Early 
Redemption Notice may be in the German or English language and may be 
prepared in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
which may include further information. No option so exercised may be 
revoked. To exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the 
Holder must deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
([9]) Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of these Conditions, the "Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [insert 
other early redemption amount, which shall not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note]. 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT[S]] [AND THE 
CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office[s]. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial 
Paying Agent[s]] [and the initial Calculation Agent] and [its] [their] initial specified 
office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Germany 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: 
[]] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent. 
 
 
[Calculation Agent: 
[]] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, [[,] and] the Paying Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve[s] the right at any time to change [its] [their] specified office[s] to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent[s]] [and the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another fiscal agent [or 
another [or additional] paying agent[s]] [or another calculation agent]. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of Notes listed on a stock 
exchange insert: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [insert name 
of relevant stock exchange], a paying agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) 
with a specified office in [insert location of relevant stock exchange or country 
in which the relevant stock exchange is located] and/or in such other places 
as may be required by any applicable rules] [In case of payments in U.S. Dollar 
the following applies: [,] [and] ([iii]) if payments at or through the offices of all 
paying agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or are

--- Page 35 ---
29 
 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States 
Dollars, and provided further, such payment is then permitted under United States 
law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to 
the Issuer, a paying agent with a specified office in New York City] [and] ([iv]) a 
calculation agent [In case the calculation agent is required to maintain a 
specified office in a required location the following applies: with a specified 
office located in [insert required location]]. The Issuer will give notice to the 
Holders at any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon 
as possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment 
and such other change.  
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] [and 
the Calculation Agent] act[s] solely as agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the paying agent[s] [, the Calculation Agent] and the Holders and, 
in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach 
to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All payments of principal and interest which are made by the Issuer on the Notes 
shall be made without deduction or withholding at source for or on account of any 
present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of the country in which the Issuer 
is domiciled or resident for tax purposes or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in the following 
together "Withholding Taxes"), unless such deduction or withholding at source 
is required by law. In such latter event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts of principal and interest as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Holders after such deduction or withholding at source 
each shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
have been receivable had no such deduction or withholding at source been 
required (the "Additional Amounts"). Such Additional Amounts shall, however, 
not be payable on account of taxes, duties or governmental charges which 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank, or depository or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from payments 
of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal 
or business connection with the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for tax purposes and not merely by reason of the fact that payments 
in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for tax purposes, or

--- Page 36 ---
30 
 
 
 
(c) are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any international treaty or multilateral 
instrument or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for tax purposes or the 
European Union is a party, or (ii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with, such directive, regulation, 
treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § [13], whichever occurs later, or 
 
 
(e) are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent 
for payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent 
without any such withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(f) 
are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or the 
beneficial owner of a Note, following Issuer’s written request adressed to 
such Holder (and made at a time that would enable the Holder acting 
reasonably to comply with that request, and in all event, at least 30 days 
before such withholding or deduction would be payable to the Holder), to 
comply with any certification, identification or other reporting requirement 
(including the requirement to produce necessary forms and/or other 
documentation) under a statue, treaty, regulation, or administrative practice 
of the relevant tax jursidication to establish entitlement to exemption from all 
or part of such tax, fee, duty, assessment, or other governmental charge to 
the extent such compliance is required as precondition to relief or exemption 
from such tax, fee, duty, assessment or other governmental charge, but only 
to the extent the Holder is legally obliged to provide such certification, form 
or documentation; and further provided that such obligation to provide such 
certification, form or documentation is not the consequence of the Issuer to 
make any previous registration, notice or filing with any competent authority. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: Withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany 
pursuant 
to 
§§ 
43 
et 
seq. 
of 
the 
German 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
(Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
thereon and, if applicable, church tax (Kirchensteuer), shall not constitute a tax or 
duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by sections 1471-1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the provisions commonly referred to as 
the "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" ("FATCA")), pursuant to any inter-
governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with FATCA, or pursuant to any agreement between the 
Issuer and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The Issuer will have no obligation 
to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of FATCA by the Issuer, any paying agent or any 
other party as a result of any person other than the Issuer or an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German Civil 
Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
31 
 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of redemption, in the event 
that 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days 
from the relevant due date, or 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
such failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases 
its payments, or 
 
 
(d) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are not 
discharged or stayed within 60 days, or 
 
 
(e)  any Capital Market Indebtedness of the Issuer or any obligation of the Issuer 
under guarantees or suretyships given by the Issuer in respect of any Capital 
Market Indebtedness in excess of an aggregate amount of EUR 50,000,000 
is not paid within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of such guarantees 
or suretyships, within 30 days of such guarantees or suretyships being 
invoked, unless the Issuer contests in good faith that such payment 
obligations exist or are due or that such guarantees or suretyships have 
been validly invoked; or 
 
 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a transformation (Umwandlung) and such other or new company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer, in connection with these 
Notes, or 
 
 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment has been made in or by the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Conditions and this 
situation is not cured within 90 days from the date the relevant governmental 
order, decree or enactment has become effective on the Issuer. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
In the case of subparagraph (1) (b) above, any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received, any of the events specified in 
subparagraphs (1) (a) and (c) through (g) above entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Issuer or the Fiscal 
Agent has received such notices from Holders of at least one tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of all Notes of this Series then outstanding. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due in accordance 
with this § 9, shall be made in accordance with § [13] ([]) (Form of Notice to Be 
Given by any Holder).

--- Page 38 ---
32 
 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute 
for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor (the 
"Substitute Debtor") in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection 
with the Notes provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may 
transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to withhold or deduct any taxes or other duties of whatever 
nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has 
its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each 
Holder against any Withholding Tax, duty or governmental charge imposed 
on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each 
Holder the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect 
of the Notes on terms which ensure that each Holder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as favourable as that which would have 
existed if the substitution had not taken place; and 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company 
(verbundenes Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with 
§ [13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer 
to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute 
Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply:  
 
 
(a) in § 7 and § 5 (2) an alternative reference to the country in which the Issuer, 
in its capacity as guarantor, is domiciled or resident for taxation purposes 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference 
according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; and 
 
 
(b)  in § 9(1) (c), (d), (e) and (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its 
capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition to 
the reference to the Substitute Debtor.

--- Page 39 ---
33 
 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and 
the appointment 
of a holders' 
representative 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
"SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in paragraph (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be 
binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented 
to 
their 
being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in § 5 (3) of the SchVG 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of 
the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are 
not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken 
without a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18 (4), 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in 
accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be []. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative 
has acted willfully or with gross negligence.]

--- Page 40 ---
34 
 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent 
of the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these Notes in all 
respects (except for, as applicable. the issue date, interest commencement date, 
first interest payment date and issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series (the "Series") with these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [In case of Securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for 
so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so require, all notices concerning the Securities shall also be published in 
electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant 
to paragraph (1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication 
in the media set forth in paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 41 ---
35 
 
 
 
([]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in 
these Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which 
are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered in 
text format (Textform) or in writing in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer) and by hand or mail. 
The Holder shall provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the 
Notes. Such evidence may be (i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing 
System or the Custodian (as defined below) with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes that such Holder is, at the time such 
notice is given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate 
manner. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Düsseldorf shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b), 
and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the 
Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised 
to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law 
in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The English language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The German language translation shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 42 ---
36 
 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 43 ---
37 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Conditions that Apply to Notes with Floating Interest Rates  
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of Uniper SE (the 
"Issuer") are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the 
following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denominations] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global 
notes (each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. Any claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be 
represented by the relevant Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) 
above on a date not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to the extent 
that certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of § 1(3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In 
case of more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs"] 
and any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 44 ---
38 
 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall 
be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principle amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the total principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
[In case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits)] [[and] the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The payment obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated present and future 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory rules of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to create or permit to subsist any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other in rem encumbrance upon any or all of its 
present or future assets to secure any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness without at the same time, or prior thereto, securing the Notes

--- Page 45 ---
39 
 
equally and rateably therewith. "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
indebtedness which is, in the form of, or is represented by, any (i) bond, security, 
certificate or other instrument which is or is capable of being listed, quoted or 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including any over-the-
counter market), (ii) certificates of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) and (iii) 
guarantee or other indemnity in respect of such indebtedness. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, and including, [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 
(1)). Interest on the Notes shall be payable [quarterly] [semi-annually] [annually] 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (as defined below). 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
In case of 
specified Interest 
Payment Dates 
the following 
applies 
 
[each [insert specified Interest Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date].] 
 
 
 
In case of 
specified Interest 
Periods the 
following applies 
 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided for in these Conditions) falls 
[insert relevant number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified Interest 
Periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date [(being [insert first Interest Payment Date])], after the 
Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
In case 
interpolation 
applies, the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) 
[In case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, [For EURIBOR or an other reference 
interest rate other than a compounded daily overnight reference interest 
rate, insert: except as provided below, in respect of (i) the [in case of a short 
first interest period, insert: short first Interest Period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date] 
[in case of a long first interest period, insert: long first Interest Period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest 
Payment Date] [in case of a short last interest period, insert: short last Interest 
Period from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity 
Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date)] [in case of a long last interest period, 
insert: long last Interest Period from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date 
prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date] the rate determined 
by straight-line interpolation between the [insert first relevant Reference 
Interest Rate] (as defined below) and the [insert second relevant Reference 
Interest Rate] (as defined below), and (ii) all other Interest Periods the [insert 
relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest Periods to 
which interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) (together with the 
reference interest rate for the [short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period, in each

--- Page 46 ---
40 
 
case expressed as a percentage rate per annum.] [For Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded Daily €STR or an other 
compounded daily overnight reference interest rate, insert: the Compounded 
Daily [relevant overnight reference interest rate] calculated on a compounded 
basis for the relevant Interest Period in accordance with the formula below on the 
Determination Day (as defined below).] 
 
The [insert first relevant Reference Interest Rate] [,] [and] the [insert second 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] [[,] [and] the [in case the relevant Reference 
Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest Periods to which interpolation 
shall not apply is different from the first and the second relevant Reference 
Interest Rate, insert such Reference Interest Rate]] shall be in each case the 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term 
of the relevant Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as 
defined below) [in case the Reference Interest Rate shall be SEK-STIBOR-
SIDE insert: under the caption "FIXINGS"] as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other 
relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] [insert other relevant financial centre] 
time) on the Determination Day (as defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
In case 
interpolation does 
not apply, the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1). 
 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as provided below, the [insert relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] (as defined below), expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum. 
 
The "[insert relevant Reference Interest Rate]" shall be the rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) [in case the 
Reference Interest Rate shall be SEK-STIBOR-SIDE insert: under the caption 
"FIXINGS"] as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] 
[insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and from, 
and including, each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
"Determination Day" means  
 
[For EURIBOR or another reference interest rate other than a compounded 
daily overnight reference interest rate, insert: the [first] [second] [insert other 
relevant number] [day] [Business Day] [(as defined in § 1] [prior to the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest Period. [if a definition is 
required, which differs from the general Business Day definition, insert: For 
the purposes of this paragraph (2) only, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which [[in case TARGET has been already defined, 
insert: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not already been defined, insert: the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET")] is open] [[and] commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [London] [insert all relevant 
financial centres].

--- Page 47 ---
41 
 
 
[For Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Compounded 
Daily €STR or an other compounded daily overnight reference interest rate, 
insert: day falling two (2) Business Days after the end of the Observation Period.]] 
In case of Notes, 
which have a 
margin which 
does not change 
the following 
applies 
 
[[in case of a Margin insert: "Margin" means [insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which have a 
margin which 
changes the 
following applies 
 
[Margin means in respect of the Interest Period[s] 
 
from, and including, 
to, but excluding, 
 
[insert date] 
[insert date] 
[insert Margin] per 
cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
In 
case 
of 
EURIBOR, 
STIBOR 
or 
any 
other 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate 
other 
than 
a 
compounded 
daily 
overnight 
reference 
interest rate the 
following 
applies: 
 
"Screen Page" means (i) [insert relevant Screen Page], or (ii) such other display 
page as may replace such Screen Page on the service provided by [insert 
relevant information vendor], or (iii) the display page of such other service as 
may be nominated by the Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
vendor for the purpose of displaying the relevant rate. 
 
If the Screen Page is cancelled or unavailable or if the [in case interpolation 
applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate does not appear as at such time 
on the relevant Determination Day on the Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at which it offers 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the 
[in case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount (as defined below) to prime banks in the [London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [of the Euro-zone (as defined below)] at 
approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] 
[insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the Determination Day. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
[in case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one [if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005] [if the Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005] being rounded 
upwards) of such rates, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If on any Determination Day only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such rates as specified in the preceding paragraph, the 
[in case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
[if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.0005] [if the Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005] being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by major banks in [insert relevant financial centre] [the [insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [of the Euro-zone]], selected by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith, at which such banks offer, as at approximately [11.00

--- Page 48 ---
42 
 
a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) on the [Determination Day] [first day of the relevant 
Interest Period] loans in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the 
term of the [in case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest 
Rate, commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount to leading European banks. If the [in case interpolation 
applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation applies, insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate shall be the rate 
on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the 
Determination Day on which such rate appeared. 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means [[four] [insert other relevant number] major banks 
in the [London] [insert other relevant financial centre] interbank market [of the 
Euro-zone]] [in case Reference Banks are specified in the Final Terms, insert 
the names of such Reference Banks]. 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 
 
For Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA, 
Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Com-
pounded 
Daily 
€STR or an other 
compounded 
daily 
overnight 
reference interest 
rate, the following 
applies 
 
The Compounded Daily [relevant overnight reference interest rate] means, with 
respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Interest Rate 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the 
reference interest rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Determination Day as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary,to the [fifth] decimal place, with 
[0.000005]% being rounded upwards: 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i−pBD × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
 
 
 
"Applicable Period" 
means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, Observation Period; 
 
 
"Business Day" or "BD" 
means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Interest Rate, any 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; and 
(b) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Interest Rate, any 
day which is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in 
New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or

--- Page 49 ---
43 
 
required by law or regulation to be closed; 
and  
(c) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is 
specified as the Reference Interest Rate, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(d) 
where an other reference interest rate is 
specified as the relevant overnight reference 
interest rate, a Business Day as defined in 
the Final Terms; 
 
 
“D” 
is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and represents the number of days in the year used 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest; 
 
 
"d" 
means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Applicable Period; 
 
 
"do" 
means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the 
number of Business Days in such Applicable Period; 
 
 
"i" 
means for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to "do", each representing 
the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period; 
 
 
"ni" 
for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding 
the following Business Day; 
 
 
"Observation Period" 
means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
 
 
"p" 
means, for any Applicable Period, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation 
Lookback Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (provided that “p” shall not be less than five 
Business Days without the prior written agreement 
of the Calculation Agent or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days);  
 
 
“r” 
means: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the relevant 
overnight reference interest rate, in respect 
of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of such Business Day; and 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the relevant 
overnight reference interest rate in respect of 
any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of 
such Business Day; and and

--- Page 50 ---
44 
 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the relevant 
overnight reference interest rate, in respect 
of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of 
such Business Day; and 
(d) 
where an other reference interest rate is 
specified as the relevant overnight reference 
interest rate, in respect of any Business Day, 
the relevant overnight reference interest rate 
in respect of such Business Day; 
 
 
"€STR" 
means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
interest rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate 
for such euro Business Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), 
on the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any 
successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in 
each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central 
European Time) on the euro Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
 
 
"SONIA" 
means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
interest rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, 
as 
otherwise 
published 
by 
such 
authorised 
distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
 
 
"SOFR" 
means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
interest rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case 
on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day; 
 
 
"𝒓𝐢−𝐩𝐁𝐃" 
means the applicable Reference Interest Rate as set 
out in the definition of "r" above for, (i) where, in the 
relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
 
 
"U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day" 
means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor thereto) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 51 ---
45 
 
[For Compounded 
Daily SONIA the 
following applies 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time, 
SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s bank rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Determination Day or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Determination Day, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
 
 
[For Compounded 
Daily SOFR the 
following applies 
 
If SOFR is not available or if no such quotation appears at such time and, (1) 
unless the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, 
SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
SOFR was published on the Screen Page; or (2) if the Issuer has confirmed to the 
Calculation Agent that both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) that was notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer as being the 
rate that was recommended as the replacement for the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which 
rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated 
administrator), provided that, if no such rate has been notified to the Calculation 
Agent by the Issuer as having been recommended within one U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the 
rate for each Determination Day occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if (i) references to SOFR where references to 
OBFR, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were 
references to New York Business Day, (iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation 
Event were references to OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date; and provided further that, if no such rate has been notified to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer as having been so recommended within one U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
and an OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred, then the rate for each 
Determination Day occurring on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if (x) references to SOFR were references to FOMC Target 
Rate, (y) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references 
to New York Business Day and (z) references to the Screen Page were references 
to the Federal Reserve’s Website. 
 
 
Where: 
 
 
"FOMC Target Rate" means, the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s Website or, if 
the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point 
of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s Website (calculated as the 
arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of 
the target range).

--- Page 52 ---
46 
 
 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
 
"OBFR", means, with respect to any Determination Day, the daily Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate in respect of the New York Business Day immediately preceding 
such Determination Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the New York 
Fed’s Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such Determination Day. 
 
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a OBFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to 
publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used. 
 
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
(a)  a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide OBFR; or 
(b)  the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of OBFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide OBFR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide OBFR; or 
(c)  a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies to, but need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, including existing swap transactions. 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to 
publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used. 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(a)  a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide a Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate; or 
(b)  the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or 
(c)  a public statement by a U.S. regulator or U.S. other official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, 
but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions.]] 
 
 
 
 
 
If the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, prior to or on 
the Determination Date that (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to use the Reference Interest Rate, (ii) the administrator of the Reference

--- Page 53 ---
47 
 
Interest Rate has publicly announced a date as of which the calculation and 
publication of the Reference Interest Rate will be ceased permanently or for an 
indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate has 
publicly announced a date as of which the administrator becomes insolvent or is 
insolvent or insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings 
(affecting the administrator) are commenced by the administrator or its supervisory 
or regulatory authority or a respective motion has been filed, or (iv) the Reference 
Interest Rate is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided 
(each of (i) to (iv) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Interest Rate shall 
be replaced by an interest rate (the "Successor Reference Interest Rate"), which 
is determined in accordance with the sequence I to III on the respective 
Determination Date as follows:  
 
 
I) 
The Reference Interest Rate is replaced with the Successor Reference 
Interest Rate which is announced by the administrator of Reference Interest 
Rate, the competent central bank or the regulatory or supervisory authority 
as successor of the Reference Interest Rate for the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate and which may be used in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 
II) 
If there is no announcement pursuant to I), the Independent Expert (as 
defined below) will in its reasonable discretion (§ 317 German Civil Code 
(BGB)) determine the Reference Interest Rate that is most comparable to 
the Reference Interest Rate, whereby the Independent Expert must 
determine such reference interest rate as Successor Reference Interest 
Rate that is an industry accepted reference interest rate which is most 
comparable to the Reference Interest Rate, and determine a screen page 
which shall be used in connection with the Successor Reference Interest 
Rate and which is acceptable for the Calculation Agent (the "Successor 
Screen Page"). 
 
 
In addition, the Independent Expert will determine, if required and at its 
discretion (pursuant to § 317 German Civil Code (BGB)), an Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below), which reduces or eliminates any economic 
prejudice or benefit to Holders that may arise a result of the replacement for 
the Reference Interest Rate with the Successor Reference Interest Rate. In 
this context, "Adjustment Spread" means a spread which: 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Interest Rate is formally 
recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Interest 
Rate with the Successor Reference Interest Rate by the Independent 
Expert; or 
 
 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) is determined by the 
Independent Expert as recognised and acknowledged industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Reference Interest Rate where such rate has been replace by the 
Successor Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(c) 
the Independent Expert considers to be appropriate (if the 
Independent Expert determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged). 
 
 
Any reference to the Screen Page herein shall, from the date of the determination 
of a Successor Reference Interest Rate, be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
The Independent Expert will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at least 10 
days prior to the Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
 
 
III) 
If the Independent Expert has not determined a Successor Reference 
Interest Rate within a period of [30] [●] days after its appointment, it shall 
notify this fact to the Issuer without delay. Upon receipt of such notice or in 
the case that the Issuer, despite its best efforts, is not able to appoint an

--- Page 54 ---
48 
 
independent expert within a period of [30] [●] days after the Discontinuation 
Event became known, the Issuer is entitled to early terminate the Notes. 
Such termination shall be notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and 
to the Holders in accordance with § 13. Such notification shall specify: 
 
 
(a) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
 
 
(b) 
the date determined for redemption which shall not be less than 
[number of days/TARGET Business Days] [days] [TARGET 
Business Days] after the date on which the Issuer gave notice to the 
Holders. 
 
 
If the Issuer elects to terminate or not to redeem the Notes early or if the Issuer or 
the Independent Advisor fail or are unable to notify the Calculation Agent about a 
Successor Reference Interest Rate by the day falling 10 days prior to the interest 
determination date, the Rate of Interest for the Relevant Period (as defined below) 
shall be [if Interpolation is applicable, insert: the relevant] Reference Interest 
Rate or the arithmetic mean of the Reference Interest Rates on the Screen Page, 
as described above, on the last day before the Determination Date, on which [if 
Interpolation is applicable, insert: relevant] [Reference Interest Rate[s]] 
appeared [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (whereby, 
however, if a different Margin than the Margin for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period applies for the relevant Interest Period, the relevant Margin shall 
replace the Margin for the immediately preceding Interest Period)]. [In case of a 
Margin, which shall be paid in addition to the (relevant) Reference Interest 
Rate, insert: If the Reference Interest Rate has a negative value, it shall be offset 
against the Margin such that the offered quotation reduces the Margin.] The Rate 
of Interest shall always at least be 0 [zero]. 
 
 
In this sub-section, "Relevant Period" means:  
 
 
(i) 
in case of a termination, the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the date of termination until (and excluding) the 
date of redemption; or; 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Issuer does not make use of its right to termination, the period from 
(and including) the last Interest Payment Date to (and excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
“Independent Expert“ means an independent financial institution of international 
standing or an independent financial advisor in each case with relevant expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under commercially reasonable and acceptable 
conditions. The Calculation Agent may be appointed as Independent Expert if the 
Calculation Agent agrees to act as Independent Expert. 
 
In case of the 
Interbank market 
of the Euro-zone 
the following 
applies 
 
["Euro-zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the 
European Union that have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the 
Euro as single currency.] 
 
 
 
In case a 
Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest.

--- Page 55 ---
49 
 
In case a 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. 
per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
In case a 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, and 
including, the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
([5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon 
as practicable after each date at which the relevant Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, calculate the amount of interest payable under the Notes in respect 
of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with the applicable market convention. 
 
 
([6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent 
will cause the Interest Period, the Rate of Interest, the amount of interest and the 
Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer, 
to any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, if so 
required by the rules of such stock exchange, and to the Holders in accordance 
with § [13] as soon as possible after their determination. Each amount of interest 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are from 
time to time listed and to the Holders in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
([7]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying agents and the Holders and, in the absence 
of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying agents or 
the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
 
 
([8]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
                                                     
 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 56 ---
50 
 
In case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), the 
following applies 
 
[1. if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or  
 
2. if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which 
the Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
 
(1) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
 
(2) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, and including, a Determination 
Date to, but excluding, the next Determination Date (including, where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first 
Determination Date falling after the final Interest Payment Date, as the case may 
be). 
 
The number of determination dates per calendar year (each a "Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year] 
(each [insert date]).] 
In case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of 
a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]

--- Page 57 ---
51 
 
In case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon 
presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global 
Note representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, 
upon due certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the 
Notes would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as 
defined below) the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due date 
for such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
the due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
 
 
 
In case FRN 
Convention 
applies, the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due date 
for such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day which 
is a Payment Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date (if 
applicable) shall be the last Payment Business Day in the month which falls 
[[insert relevant number] [months] [insert other specified Interest Period]] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date (if applicable).]

--- Page 58 ---
52 
 
In case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business 
Day.] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) 
on which the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as 
defined in § 1 (6))] [on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial 
centres]] [[and] [in case TARGET has already been defined the following 
applies: , insert: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not already been defined 
the following applies: , insert: the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]]. 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall be 
adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [or] [In case of Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Following 
Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described 
above), the amount of interest shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [or] [In case of Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention and Following 
Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described 
above), the amount of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted 
the Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such 
adjustment. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below); [In case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] [In case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any premium and 
any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. References in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders 
within twelve months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease.

--- Page 59 ---
53 
 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on [in the case of a specified Maturity Date insert such 
Maturity Date] [in the case of a Redemption Month insert: the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption Month]] (the "Maturity Date"). The 
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [In case the Notes 
are redeemed at their principal amount the following applies: its principal 
amount] [otherwise insert Specified Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Specified Denomination, which shall not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. The Notes will be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date on 
giving not less than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § [13], to the Holders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the tax laws or regulations of the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for tax purposes or of any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws 
or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the date on 
which the first tranche of this series of Notes is issued, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
 
 
Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this § 5 (2) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
 
 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem all or only some of the Notes on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the 
Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with interest, if any, 
accrued to (but excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Dates(s)]  
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph ([]) of this 
§ 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert 
other minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] 
days' nor more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and specify:

--- Page 60 ---
54 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if 
in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) 
is applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, within the Call Redemption Period 
(Three Months Par Call) on the Call Redemption Date (Three Months Par 
Call) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, 
to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Three Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period (Three Months Par Call)" means the period from 
(and including) the day falling three months before the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph 
([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period (Three Months Par Call) on 
which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date (Three 
Months Par Call)").] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case [80] [insert other relevant percentage rate] per cent. or more of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes have been redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes in whole, but not in part, 
on the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount of the Notes) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Minimal 
Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes).

--- Page 61 ---
55 
 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under paragraph 
([]) of this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days’ prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption 
Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes)").] 
 
 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Holder the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
(a) The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of 
any Note in accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date[s] at the Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below 
in whole but not in part together with interest, if any, accrued to, but 
excluding, the Put Redemption Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
Put Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer the following applies: The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer 
of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5.] 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [30] [insert 
other Minimum Notice Period (which shall be not less than 15 days)] 
nor more than [60] [insert other Maximum Notice Period] days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice, submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice 
in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the [insert Minimum Notice Period] 
Business Day before the [relevant] Put Redemption Date, the option shall 
not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
[and] (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the 
case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its bank account]. The Put 
Notice may be in the German or English language and may be prepared in 
the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, which may 
include further information. No option so exercised may be revoked. To 
exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the Holder must 
deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.]

--- Page 62 ---
56 
 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption as a 
result of a 
Change of 
Control the 
following applies 
 
[([7]) Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control. 
 
(a) In the event that a Change of Control occurs and within the Change of 
Control Period a Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs or 
is announced (an "Early Redemption Event"): 
 
(i) 
any Holder may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph 
(b), demand from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date of all 
and not only some of its Notes which are or were not otherwise 
declared due for early redemption, at their Final Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Effective 
Date; and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Early 
Redemption Event, publish this fact by way of a notice pursuant to 
§ [13], and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § [13] the effective 
date for the purposes of the Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective 
Date"). The Effective Date must be a Business Day not less than 60 
and not more than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding the 
Early Redemption Event pursuant to subparagraph (ii)(A). 
 
 
A "Change of Control" occurs if any person or group of persons acting in 
concert, acquires directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the shares 
in the Issuer which carry the right to vote. 
 
 
The "Change of Control Period" shall commence on the date of the 
Change of Control Announcement, but not later than on the date of the 
Change of Control, and shall end 180 days after the Change of Control. 
 
 
"Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder relating to a 
Change of Control. 
 
 
A "Downgrade" occurs if a credit rating solicited by the Issuer in respect of 
its long-term unsecured debt falls below investment grade or all Rating 
Agencies cease to assign (other than temporarily) a credit rating to the 
Issuer. A credit rating below investment grade shall mean, in relation to 
Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a part of McGraw Hill Financial Inc., a 
rating of BB+ or below and, in relation to Moody's Investor Services Inc., a 
rating of Ba1 or below and, where another rating agency has been 
designated by the Issuer, a comparable rating. 
 
 
"Rating Agencies" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global 
Ratings or Moody's Investors Services Inc., or any other rating agency 
designated by the Issuer. 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days 
before the Effective Date, submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed redemption notice in 
written form (the "Early Redemption Notice"). In the event that the Early 
Redemption Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th 
Business Day before the Effective Date, the option shall not have been 
validly exercised. The Early Redemption Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
[and] (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any [in the 
case the Global Note is kept in custody by CBF, the following applies: 
and (iii) contact details of the Holder as well as its bank account]. The Early 
Redemption Notice may be in the German or English language and may be 
prepared in the form available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
which may include further information. No option so exercised may be 
revoked. To exercise the right to require redemption of these Notes the

--- Page 63 ---
57 
 
Holder must deliver the Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
([8]) Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of these Conditions, the "Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption Amount] [insert 
other early redemption amount, which shall not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note]. 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [, THE PAYING AGENT[S]] AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent [and] [the initial Paying 
Agent[s]] and the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall 
be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Germany 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: 
[]] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent reserve the 
right at any time to change their specified offices to some other specified offices 
in the same country. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [, the Paying 
Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent and to appoint another fiscal agent [, another 
[or additional] paying agent[s]] or another calculation agent. The Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of Notes listed on a stock exchange 
insert: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [insert name of relevant 
stock exchange], a paying agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a 
specified office in [insert location of relevant stock exchange or country in 
which the relevant stock exchange is located] and/or in such other places as 
may be required by any applicable rules] [In case of payments in U.S. Dollar 
the following applies: [,] [and] ([iii]) if payments at or through the offices of all 
paying agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States 
Dollars, and provided further, such payment is then permitted under United States 
law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to 
the Issuer, a paying agent with a specified office in New York City] and ([iv]) a 
calculation agent [In case the calculation agent is required to maintain a 
specified office in a required location the following applies: with a specified 
office located in [insert required location]]. The Issuer will give notice to the 
Holders at any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon 
as possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment 
and such other change. 
 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding

--- Page 64 ---
58 
 
on the Issuer, the paying agent[s], the Calculation Agent and the Holders and, in 
the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach 
to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
All payments of principal and interest which are made by the Issuer on the Notes 
shall be made without deduction or withholding at source for or on account of any 
present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of the country in which the Issuer 
is domiciled or resident for tax purposes or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in the following 
together "Withholding Taxes"), unless such deduction or withholding at source 
is required by law. In such latter event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts of principal and interest as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Holders after such deduction or withholding at source 
each shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
have been receivable had no such deduction or withholding at source been 
required (the "Additional Amounts"). Such Additional Amounts shall, however, 
not be payable on account of taxes, duties or governmental charges which 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank, or depository or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from payments 
of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal 
or business connection with the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for tax purposes and not merely by reason of the fact that payments 
in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for tax purposes, or 
 
 
(c) are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any international treaty or multilateral 
instrument or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for tax purposes or the 
European Union is a party, or (ii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with, such directive, regulation, 
treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law or practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § [13], whichever occurs later, or 
 
 
(e) are payable because any Note was presented to a particular Paying Agent 
for payment if the Note could have been presented to another paying Agent 
without any such withholding or deduction, or

--- Page 65 ---
59 
 
 
 
(f) 
are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Holder or the 
beneficial owner of a Note, following Issuer’s written request adressed to 
such Holder (and made at a time that would enable the Holder acting 
reasonably to comply with that request, and in all event, at least 30 days 
before such withholding or deduction would be payable to the Holder), to 
comply with any certification, identification or other reporting requirement 
(including the requirement to produce necessary forms and/or other 
documentation) under a statue, treaty, regulation, or administrative practice 
of the relevant tax jursidication to establish entitlement to exemption from all 
or part of such tax, fee, duty, assessment, or other governmental charge to 
the extent such compliance is required as precondition to relief or exemption 
from such tax, fee, duty, assessment or other governmental charge, but only 
to the extent the Holder is legally obliged to provide such certification, form 
or documentation; and further provided that such obligation to provide such 
certification, form or documentation is not the consequence of the Issuer to 
make any previous registration, notice or filing with any competent authority. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: withholding tax on capital investment income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal Republic of Germany 
pursuant 
to 
§§ 
43 
et 
seq. 
of 
the 
German 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
(Einkommensteuergesetz - EStG), the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
thereon and, if applicable, church tax (Kirchensteuer), shall not constitute a tax or 
duty for which Additional Amounts would have to paid. 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by sections 1471-1474 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the provisions commonly referred to as 
the "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" ("FATCA")), pursuant to any inter-
governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with FATCA, or pursuant to any agreement between the 
Issuer and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The Issuer will have no obligation 
to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of FATCA by the Issuer, any paying agent or any 
other party as a result of any person other than the Issuer or an agent of the Issuer 
not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German Civil 
Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of redemption, in the event 
that 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days 
from the relevant due date, or 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, 
such failure continues for more than 90 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or

--- Page 66 ---
60 
 
 
 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases 
its payments, or 
 
 
(d) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or a third party applies for 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are not 
discharged or stayed within 60 days, or 
 
 
(e) any Capital Market Indebtedness of the Issuer or any obligation of the Issuer 
under guarantees or suretyships given by the Issuer in respect of any Capital 
Market Indebtedness in excess of an aggregate amount of EUR 50,000,000 
is not paid within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of such guarantees 
or suretyships, within 30 days of such guarantees or suretyships being 
invoked, unless the Issuer contests in good faith that such payment 
obligations exist or are due or that such guarantees or suretyships have been 
validly invoked; or 
 
 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a transformation (Umwandlung) and such other or new company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer, in connection with these 
Notes, or 
 
 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment has been made in or by the 
Federal Republic of Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented from 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in these Conditions and this 
situation is not cured within 90 days from the date the relevant governmental 
order, decree or enactment has become effective on the Issuer. 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
In the case of subparagraph (1) (b) above, any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received, any of the events specified in 
subparagraphs (1) (a) and (c) through (g) above entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Issuer or the Fiscal 
Agent has received such notices from Holders of at least one tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of all Notes of this Series then outstanding. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due in accordance 
with this § 9, shall be made in accordance with § [13] ([]) (Form of Notice to Be 
Given by any Holder). 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute 
for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor (the 
"Substitute Debtor") in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection 
with the Notes provided that: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes;

--- Page 67 ---
61 
 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may 
transfer to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to withhold or deduct any taxes or other duties of whatever 
nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has 
its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each 
Holder against any Withholding Tax, duty or governmental charge imposed 
on such Holder in respect of such substitution; 
 
 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each 
Holder the payment of all sums payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect 
of the Notes on terms which ensure that each Holder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as favourable as that which would have 
existed if the substitution had not taken place; and 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction affected of lawyers of recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) above have been satisfied. 
 
 
For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company 
(verbundenes Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with 
§ [13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer 
to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute 
Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5 (2) an alternative reference to the country in which the 
Issuer, in its capacity as guarantor, is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile 
or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; and 
 
 
(b)  
in § 9(1) (c), (d), (e) and (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its 
capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included in addition 
to the reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and 
the appointment 
of a holders' 
representative 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
"SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in paragraph (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be 
binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented 
to 
their 
being 
treated 
disadvantageously.

--- Page 68 ---
62 
 
 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in § 5 (3) of the SchVG 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of 
the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are 
not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken 
without a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18 (4), 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in 
accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be []. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative 
has acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent 
of the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these Notes in all 
respects (except for, as applicable. the issue date, interest commencement date, 
first interest payment date and issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series (the "Series") with these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 69 ---
63 
 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [In case of Securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for 
so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so require, all notices concerning the Securities shall also be published in 
electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant 
to paragraph (1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication 
in the media set forth in paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
([]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in 
these Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which 
are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered in 
text format (Textform) or in writing in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer) and by hand or mail. 
The Holder shall provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the 
Notes. Such evidence may be (i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing 
System or the Custodian (as defined below) with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes that such Holder is, at the time such 
notice is given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate 
manner. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Düsseldorf shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the

--- Page 70 ---
64 
 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the 
Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law 
in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The English language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The German language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language only 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 71 ---
65 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
Einführung 
 
Die Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Bedingungen") sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
"Option I" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
"Option II" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Jeder Satz an Bedingungen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz an Bedingungen oder 
in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes an Bedingungen gekennzeichnet sind. 
 
 In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, ob Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils in diesen Optionen enthaltenen weiteren 
Optionen) für die jeweilige Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die maßgeblichen Angaben dieser Option wiederholt 
werden oder auf die maßgeblichen Bestimmungen dieser Option verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Basisprospekts keine 
Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Basisprospekt Platzhalter 
in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen 
zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen 
verweisen, die in 
Option I oder 
Option II enthalten 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen gelten für diese Schuldver-
schreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Bedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder 
wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als 
aus diesen Bedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen (einschließlich der 
Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus 
diesen Bedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle und bei den 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen einer jeden 
Zahlstelle sowie bei der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich.] 
 
 
OPTION I – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Uniper SE (die "Emittentin") werden in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im

--- Page 72 ---
66 
 
Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 4)] 
von [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen 
in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Der 
Zinszahlungsanspruch 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen wird durch die maßgebliche Dauerglobalurkunde 
mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde in der in dem vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) 
vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen 
ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur in dem 
Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer 
der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder bestimmte Person(en), die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich 
einer 
jeden 
solchen 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Unterabsatz (b) 
von § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (die Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet [Im Fall von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und 
zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.

--- Page 73 ---
67 
 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register 
zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des Registers 
des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei einer Rückzahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der 
zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. 
[Im Fall einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register 
der ICSDs eingetragen werden.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note 
("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common 
depositary) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber 
eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der 
Globalurkunde, der bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des 
Handels in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Zahlungsverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und 
mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen gegenwärtigen und 
zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird.

--- Page 74 ---
68 
 
 
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind), ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte weder 
insgesamt noch teilweise mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu 
diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bedeutet (i) jede Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form 
einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines sonstigen Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an 
einer Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt (einschließlich des 
außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert oder gehandelt wird oder werden 
kann, (ii) jedes Schuldscheindarlehen sowie (iii) jede Garantie oder sonstige 
Gewährleistung in Bezug auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage ihres ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz 
einfügen] % per annum (der "Zinssatz"). Die Zinsen sind [Im Fall, dass es 
mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, einfügen: [halbjährlich] [jährlich]] im 
Nachhinein 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
es 
Zinszahlungstage in mehr als einem Jahr gibt, einfügen: eines jeden Jahres] 
zahlbar ([Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, einfügen: 
jeweils ein] [Im Fall, dass es nur einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, einfügen: der] 
"Zinszahlungstag"). [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, 
einfügen: Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] 
und die letzte Zinszahlung erfolgt am [letzten Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] An 
[Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, einfügen: jedem] [Im 
Fall, 
dass 
es 
nur 
einen 
Zinszahlungstag 
gibt, 
einfügen: 
dem] 
Zinszahlungstag [Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode 
einfügen: mit Ausnahme des Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (der "erste Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] [Im Fall einer 
kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: [und] mit Ausnahme des 
Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [letzten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (der "letzte 
Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] werden Zinsen in Höhe von [Zinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung einfügen] je 
Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt. [Im Fall einer 
kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: An dem ersten 
Zinszahlungstag wird ein anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag in Höhe von 
[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung in der 
festgelegten Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung gezahlt. [Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode 
einfügen: An dem letzten Zinszahlungstag wird ein abschließender 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag in Höhe von [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung einfügen] je 
Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt.] [Falls der/die 
Zinszahlungstag(e) einer Anpassung unterliegt/unterliegen, einfügen: 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 
4 (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen.]  
 
 
(2) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlöst, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe

--- Page 75 ---
69 
 
des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlende Zinsbetrag für einen bestimmten Zeitraum zu berechnen ist (mit 
Ausnahme [des Zinsbetrags] [der Zinsbeträge], [der] [die] in Absatz (1) dieses 
§ 3 aufgeführt [ist] [sind]), erfolgt die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der 
Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, dieser Betrag mit dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und das hieraus 
resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung 
gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[1. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in 
die 
das 
Ende 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl der 
Tage in dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
 
2. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in 
die das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus 
 
 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; und 
 
 
(2) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine 
(wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von einem Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies 
schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der letzte Zinszahlungstag kein 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
 
 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen] (jeder [Datum einfügen]).] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
                                                     
1  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 76 ---
70 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
Im Fall von 30/360, 
360/360 oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der 
erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. 
Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende 
Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats 
Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall 
von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Following 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt.]

--- Page 77 ---
71 
 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an 
dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist] [an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass TARGET bereits 
definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [Im Fall, dass TARGET 
noch nicht definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
geöffnet ist]]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst werden 
soll, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im 
Fall von Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [Im Fall von Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst werden 
soll, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im 
Fall von Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [Im Fall von Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Rückzahlung 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] [Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole) der Schuldverschreibungen (wie 
nachstehend angegeben);] [Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
angegeben);] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) ein.

--- Page 78 ---
72 
 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] 
(der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt werden, 
einfügen: 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung] 
[ansonsten 
den 
Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, 
der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt und nicht teilweise nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § [13] gegenüber 
den Gläubigern gekündigt (wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und 
jederzeit zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin bei der nächsten fälligen 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, 
zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 7 zu zahlen, und zwar als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften des 
Landes, in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, oder dessen 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder der Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird 
an oder nach dem Tag, an dem die erste Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam), wobei eine solche Kündigung 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem 
die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung fällig 
wäre. 
 
 
Die gemäß diesem § 5 (2) zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen]

--- Page 79 ---
73 
 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nicht weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, 
und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des relevanten Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach deren 
Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]]

--- Page 80 ---
74 
 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin (Make 
Whole) anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Make Whole). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise an dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make-
Whole) zurückzahlen. 
Der "Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Make Whole)" einer Schuldverschrei-
bung entspricht der am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) von der 
Berechnungsstelle zu berechnenden Summe aus: 
(i) dem Nennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibung; und 
(ii)  der Anwendbaren Prämie; und 
(iii) etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Make 
Whole) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen und nicht gezahlten Zinsen. 
 
 
"Anwendbare Prämie" bezeichnet den etwaigen Überschuss des 
(i) Barwerts zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) der Summe aus: 
 
(A) dem Nennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibung; 
zuzüglich 
 
(B) aller vom Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
vorgesehenen 
und 
noch 
ausstehenden 
Zinszahlungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Schuld-
verschreibungen (zur Klarstellung: ohne Berücksichtigung der bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen), 
abgezinst mit der Benchmark-Rendite zuzüglich [Prozentsatz einfügen] 
%, 
gegenüber 
(ii) dem 
Nennbetrag 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibung 
am 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole). 
"Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet die auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Rückzahlungsberechnungstag (Make Whole) um oder gegen [Uhrzeit 
einfügen] ([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen]) angezeigte Rendite 
der Referenzbenchmark. Wird diese Rendite nicht angezeigt und/oder ist 
die Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar und/oder ist die Referenzbenchmark 
nicht mehr in Umlauf, jeweils zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt, so entspricht 
die Benchmark-Rendite der Rendite eines von der Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem Ermessen als Ersatzreferenz herangezogenen Benchmark-
schuldtitels der [relevante Emittentin einfügen] mit einer der Restlaufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
am 
ehesten 
entsprechenden Laufzeit, der zum Zeitpunkt der Auswahl durch die 
Berechnungsstelle nach den Gepflogenheiten des Finanzmarkts zur 
Preisfestsetzung neu zu begebender Unternehmensschuldtitel mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit bis zum Fälligkeitstag herangezogen würde.

--- Page 81 ---
75 
 
 
 
"Referenzbenchmark" bezeichnet den für die Preisfestsetzung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
herangezogene, 
auf 
[Währung 
einfügen] 
lautende, Benchmarkschuldtitel 
[der] [des] [relevante Emittentin 
einfügen], d. h. die [Beschreibung des relevanten Benchmark-
schuldtitels 
einfügen] 
(ISIN 
[relevanten 
Benchmarkschuldtitel 
einfügen]). 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet die [relevanten Informationsanbieter 
einfügen]-Seite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
[([sofern 
anwendbar, Einstellung einfügen: Einstellung "[Einstellung einfügen]"] 
[sofern anwendbar, Preisquelle einfügen: [und][mit] der Preisquelle 
"[relevante Preisquelle einfügen]"])] oder eine andere Anzeigeseite, 
welche die Bildschirmseite bei dem von [relevanten Informationsanbieter 
einfügen] betriebenen Dienst gegebenenfalls ersetzt, oder, falls 
anwendbar, die Anzeigeseite eines anderen Anbieters, den die 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke der Anzeige der maßgeblichen Rendite 
nach billigem Ermessen als Ersatz-Informationsanbieter bestimmt. 
 
 
"Rückzahlungsberechnungstag (Make Whole)" ist der vierzigste Tag vor 
dem Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem § 5 Absatz 
([4]) zurückgezahlt werden ("Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole)") 
oder, sofern der vierzigste Tag kein Zahltag ist, der Zahltag, der unmittelbar 
vor dem vierzigsten Tag liegt. 
 
 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen [Im Fall, 
dass die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen (Three Months Par Call), ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: , vorausgesetzt der Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par 
Call) fällt nicht in den Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum (Three Months Par 
Call)]. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird 
und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Make Whole); und 
(iv) den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Make 
Whole), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, 
werden die zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Überein-
stimmung mit den Regeln des relevanten Clearingsystems ausgewählt. [Im 
Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben 
werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den 
Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-
Faktor oder als Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]]

--- Page 82 ---
76 
 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three 
Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt aber nicht teilweise innerhalb des 
Wahl- Rückzahlungszeitraums (Three Months Par Call) am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par Call) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum (Three Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), der drei Monate vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag liegt bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums (Three Months 
Par Call), an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par Call)").]  
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen von [80] [anderen relevanten 
Prozentsatz einfügen] % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt oder zurückgekauft hat, kann die 
Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die übrigen 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt und nicht teilweise am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen) kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen;

--- Page 83 ---
77 
 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums (geringer 
ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen), an dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
erfolgen 
wird 
(der 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([7]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger in Übereinstimmung auf 
Unterabsatz (b) an [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] (Put) zu [dem] 
[den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträgen] (Put), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, insgesamt und nicht teilweise zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Put) einfügen] 
 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin in Ausübung 
ihres Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [30] 
[andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht weniger als 15 
Tage betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [60] [andere 
Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung erfolgen 
soll, bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle während der 
normalen Geschäftszeiten eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
abzugeben. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17.00 Uhr (Ortszeit 
Frankfurt am Main) am [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] Geschäftstag 
vor dem (maßgeblichen) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt worden. Die Ausübungserklärung hat 
anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) etwaige Wertpapier-
kennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall, dass die 
Globalurkunde von CBF verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und 
(iii) die Kontaktdaten des Gläubigers sowie seine Kontoverbindung.] Die 
Ausübungserklärung kann in der deutschen oder englischen Sprache und 
in der von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen Form, die weitere Hinweise enthalten kann, erstellt werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Um das Recht, 
Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen verlangen zu können, 
auszuüben, muss der Gläubiger die Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder an deren Order liefern.]

--- Page 84 ---
78 
 
Im Fall, dass die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([8]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel stattfindet und innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
aufgrund 
des 
Kontrollwechsels oder dessen Ankündigung erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
(i) 
kann jeder Gläubiger, nachdem er gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, von der Emittentin zum Stichtag die Rückzahlung seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, insgesamt und nicht teilweise, zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Stichtag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen verlangen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] bekannt 
machen, und (B) einen Stichtag für die Zwecke der Kündigungs-
erklärung (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § [13] 
bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf 
nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach der gemäß 
Unterabsatz (ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrundes liegen. 
 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, 
die gemeinsam handeln, direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50 % der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der Emittentin erwerben. 
 
 
Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 
180 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündi-
gung des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der Emittentin oder 
eines aktuellen oder potentiellen Bieters, die sich auf einen Kontrollwechsel 
bezieht. 
 
 
Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein von der Emittentin 
angefordertes Credit Rating für langfristige unbesicherte Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten unter Investment Grade fällt oder alle Ratingagenturen die 
Abgabe eines Credit Ratings in Bezug auf die Emittentin nicht nur 
vorübergehend einstellen. Ein Credit Rating unter Investment Grade 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf S&P Global Ratings ein Rating von BB+ oder 
schlechter und in Bezug auf Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von 
Ba1 oder schlechter und, soweit eine andere Ratingagentur von der 
Emittentin benannt worden ist, ein vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
"Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global 
Ratings, oder Moody's Investors Services Inc. oder jede andere 
Ratingagentur, die von der Emittentin benannt wird. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 
Tage vor dem Stichtag bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle während der normalen Geschäftszeiten eine ordnungs-
gemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche Kündigungserklärung (die "Kündigungs-
erklärung") abzugeben. Falls die Kündigungserklärung nach 17.00 Uhr 
(Ortszeit Frankfurt am Main) am dreißigsten Geschäftstag vor dem Stichtag 
eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt worden. Die 
Kündigungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) 
etwaige Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall, 
dass die Globalurkunde von CBF verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes

--- Page 85 ---
79 
 
anwendbar: und (iii) die Kontaktdaten des Gläubigers sowie seine 
Kontoverbindung.] Die Kündigungserklärung kann in der deutschen oder 
englischen Sprache und in der von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlichen Form, die weitere Hinweise enthalten kann, 
erstellt werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. Um das Recht, Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen 
zu 
können, 
auszuüben, 
muss 
der 
Gläubiger 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder an deren Order liefern.] 
 
 
(9) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
entspricht der "vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" einer Schuldverschreibung 
[dem Rückzahlungsbetrag] [sonstigen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der 
nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf].]  
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte[n] Zahlstelle[n]] [und die 
anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle] und [ihre] [deren] bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Deutschland 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[]] 
 
 
Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch diejenigen einer Zahlstelle. 
 
 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
[]] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
[behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben 
Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] der 
Zahlstelle[n]] [und der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine 
andere Emissionsstelle [oder andere [oder zusätzliche] Zahlstellen] [oder 
andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
(i) eine Emissionsstelle [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] [(ii)], solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
an der [Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(bei der es sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, 
in dem sich die relevante Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen 
anderen Orten unterhalten, wie es die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln 
verlangen] [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[,] [und] (iii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, 
und vorausgesetzt, dass eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der 
Vereinigten Staaten zulässig ist, ohne dass damit nach Ansicht der Emittentin 
nachteilige Steuerfolgen für die Emittentin verbunden sind, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] [Im Fall, dass eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll ist Folgendes anwendbar: [und]

--- Page 86 ---
80 
 
[(iv)] eine Berechnungsstelle [Im Fall, dass die Berechnungsstelle eine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
an 
einem 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
zu 
unterhalten hat ist Folgendes anwendbar: mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in [vorgeschriebenen Ort einfügen]]] unterhalten. Die Emittentin wird die 
Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen 
Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einem solchen sonstigen Wechsel 
benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
[handelt] 
[handeln] 
ausschließlich 
als 
Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und [übernimmt] [übernehmen] keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihr] [ihnen] und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für 
die Emittentin, die Zahlstelle[n] [, die Berechnungsstelle] und die Gläubiger 
bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Emissionsstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Alle Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen, die von der Emittentin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorgenommen werden, werden ohne Abzug oder 
Einbehalt an der Quelle von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, Abgaben 
oder amtlichen Gebühren gleich welcher Art erfolgen, die von oder in dem Land, 
in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, oder für dessen 
Rechnung oder für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden 
(nachstehend zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Abzug oder Einbehalt an der Quelle ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem 
letzteren Fall wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern nach diesem Abzug oder 
Einbehalt an der Quelle zufließenden Nettobeträge jeweils den Beträgen an 
Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug 
oder Einbehalt an der Quelle nicht erforderlich wäre (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge"). Solche zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen 
Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank, Verwahrstelle oder Inkassobeauftragten des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten 
sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt; 
oder 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu dem Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren 
Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, zu zahlen sind und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in dem Land, in dem 
die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder

--- Page 87 ---
81 
 
 
 
(c) aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
oder 
eines 
multilateralen Instrumentariums über deren Besteuerung, an der das Land, 
in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (ii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
eine solche Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund 
einer 
Rechtsänderung 
oder 
einer 
Änderung 
in 
der 
Rechtsanwendung zu zahlen sind, die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle 
zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne 
einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden 
können; oder 
 
 
(f) 
aufgrund des Versäumnisses des Schuldverschreibungsinhabers oder des 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers einer Schuldverschreibung, nach einer 
schriftlichen Anforderung der Emittentin an einen solchen Schuldver-
schreibungsinhaber (die zu einer Zeit erfolgen muss, welche es dem 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
vernünftigermaßen 
ermöglicht 
der 
Aufforderung Folge zu leisten, mindestens jedoch 30 Tage bevor der 
Abzug oder Einbehalt an den Schuldverschreibungsinhaber zahlbar wäre), 
einer Zertifizierungs-, Identifizierungs- oder sonstigen Berichtsanforderung 
nachzukommen (einschließlich der Anforderung, die erforderlichen 
Formulare und / oder sonstigen Unterlagen vorzulegen), aufgrund einer 
Satzung, eines Vertrags, einer Verordnung oder Verwaltungspraxis der 
jeweiligen Steuerjurisdiktion, um den Anspruch auf Befreiung von allen 
oder einem Teil dieser Steuern, Gebühren, Abgaben, Veranlagungen oder 
sonstigen staatlichen Abgaben zu begründen, sofern diese Erfüllung als 
Voraussetzung für die Entlastung oder Befreiung von solchen Steuern, 
Abgaben, Gebühren, Veranlagungen oder anderen staatlichen Abgaben 
erforderlich ist, jedoch nur soweit wie der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
rechtlich verpflichtet ist solche Zertifikate, Formulare oder sonstigen 
Dokumente übermitteln muss und weiterhin nur unter der Voraussetzung, 
dass die Verpflichtung zur Übermittlung solcher Zertifikate, Formulare oder 
sonstigen Dokumente nicht die Konsequenz aus einer vorherigen 
Registrierung, Benachrichtigung oder Einreichung bei einer zuständigen 
Behörde ist. 
 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland nach dem Einkommen-
steuergesetz gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, der 
darauf anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag sowie die gegebenenfalls darauf 
anfallende Kirchensteuer sind keine Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben im oben 
genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
Unbeschadet sonstiger Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen ist die Emittentin 
zum Einbehalt oder Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471-1474 des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (die Bestimmungen werden im 
Allgemeinen als "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" ("FATCA") bezeichnet), 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer anderen 
Rechtsordnung im Zusammenhang mit FATCA erlassenen Durchführungs-
vorschriften oder gemäß zwischen der Emittentin und dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen erforderlich sind. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen oder Gläubiger in Bezug auf 
Abzüge oder Einbehalte für oder im Zusammenhang mit FATCA auf andere Art 
und Weise schadlos zu halten, die von der Emittentin, einer ihrer Zahlstellen oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten als Folge davon einbehalten oder abgezogen wurden,

--- Page 88 ---
82 
 
dass eine andere Person als die Emittentin, einer ihrer Zahlstellen oder ein 
anderer Beteiligter nicht zum Empfang von Zahlungen ohne FATCA berechtigt 
ist. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibung für fällig zu erklären und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der 
Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag leistet; oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter 
ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches 
Verfahren nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist, oder 
 
 
(e)  
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aufgrund von Bürgschaften oder Garantien, die von der 
Emittentin für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit gegeben wurden, von mehr 
als einem Gesamtbetrag von EUR 50.000.000 nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle von Bürgschaften oder Garantien 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus diesen 
Bürgschaften oder Garantien erfüllt wurden, es sei denn, die Emittentin 
bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
bestehen oder fällig sind bzw. diese Bürgschaften oder Garantien 
berechtigterweise in Anspruch genommen wurden; oder 
 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusam-
menhang mit einer Umwandlung und diese andere oder neue Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder

--- Page 89 ---
83 
 
 
 
(g) in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung 
oder behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr gemäß diesen Anleihe-
bedingungen übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen nach dem Tag, an dem das jeweilige 
Gesetz, die jeweilige Verordnung oder die jeweilige behördliche Anordnung 
für die Emittentin wirksam geworden ist, behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des 
Rechts geheilt wurde. 
 
 
In dem vorstehend in Unterabsatz (1) (b) genannten Fall wird eine Kündigung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in den Unterabsätzen (1) (a) 
und (c) bis (g) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei 
der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
wenigstens 
einem 
Zehntel 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags der dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen dieser 
Serie eingegangen sind. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung. Eine Mitteilung, einschließlich einer Kündigungserklärung dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 9 erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe des § [13] ([]) (Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden 
Mitteilungen). 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit 
einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug 
befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat 
und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle die zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge in der hierin festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu 
sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art einzubehalten oder abzuziehen; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden;  
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder 
Gläubiger wirtschaftlich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde; und 
 
 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
(a), (b) und (c) erfüllt wurden.

--- Page 90 ---
84 
 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein 
verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung. Eine Mitteilung über eine solche Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] zu 
veröffentlichen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme 
in diesen Bedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, 
in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf das Land, 
in dem die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) 
in § 9 Absatz 1 (c), (d), (e) und (f) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
des Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in Bezug 
auf die Änderung 
der Bedingungen 
und die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung finden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den Bestim-
mungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit der in 
Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand 
eine Änderung dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere 
über die in § 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 
4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil.

--- Page 91 ---
85 
 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist []. Die Haftung 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung 
von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstags 
und 
des 
Ausgabepreises) 
in 
der Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden und eine einheitliche Serie 
(die "Serie") bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
geregelten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Medien 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
verlangen, 
sind 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) zu 
veröffentlichen.] Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach

--- Page 92 ---
86 
 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems 
gehalten werden, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach Absatz 
(1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die 
Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an dem geregelten 
Markt einer Wert-
papierbörse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
([]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, 
gelten die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle 
(zur Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform oder in schriftlicher Form in der 
deutschen oder englischen Sprache persönlich übergeben oder per Brief 
übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die Emittentin zufriedenstellenden 
Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen erbringen. 
Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem 
oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert), bei der der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, dass der Gläubiger 
zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ist, oder (ii) auf jede andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in Düsseldorf. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen 
ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine 
Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, die (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die 
die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er 
legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine

--- Page 93 ---
87 
 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder 
der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf 
jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, die in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer Übersetz-
ung in die eng-
lische Sprache ab-
gefasst werden 
sollen, ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, die in 
eng-lischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetz-ung in 
die deu-tsche 
Sprache abgefasst 
werden sollen, ist 
Folgen-des 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 94 ---
88 
 
 
 
OPTION II – Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Uniper SE (die "Emittentin") werden in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Im Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz 4)] 
von [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch 
eine oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen 
in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Der 
Zinszahlungsanspruch 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen wird durch die maßgebliche Dauerglobalurkunde 
mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
werden jeweils von oder im Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde in der in dem vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) 
vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen 
ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur in dem 
Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer 
der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder bestimmte Person(en), die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich 
einer 
jeden 
solchen 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Unterabsatz (b) 
von § 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (die Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen).

--- Page 95 ---
89 
 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbrieft, 
wird 
von 
einem 
oder 
für 
ein 
Clearingsystem 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Im Fall von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils 
ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Global-urkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register 
zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem 
fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei einer Rückzahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und nach 
dieser Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. 
[Im Fall einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register 
der ICSDs eingetragen werden.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note 
("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common 
depositary) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber 
eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der 
Globalurkunde, der bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann.

--- Page 96 ---
90 
 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisen-
märkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des 
Handels in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Zahlungsverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und 
mit allen anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen gegenwärtigen und 
zukünftigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange eine 
Schuldverschreibung noch aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem alle 
Beträge von Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind), ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte weder 
insgesamt noch teilweise mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zu belasten oder solche Rechte zu 
diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bedeutet (i) jede Verbindlichkeit, die in der Form 
einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines sonstigen Wertpapiers verbrieft ist und an 
einer Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt (einschließlich des 
außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, notiert oder gehandelt wird oder werden 
kann, (ii) jedes Schuldscheindarlehen sowie (iii) jede Garantie oder sonstige 
Gewährleistung in Bezug auf eine solche Verbindlichkeit. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 (1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 (a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage ihres ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich). 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
[vierteljährlich] [halbjährlich] [jährlich] im Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(wie nachstehend definiert) zahlbar. 
 
 (b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(soweit diese Bedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) 
jeweils der Tag, der [relevante Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere 
festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
oder, im Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstags [(hierbei handelt es sich um den 
[ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen])], nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.]

--- Page 97 ---
91 
 
 
 Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 
4 (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
 
 "Referenzzinssatz" bezeichnet, [Im Fall von EURIBOR, STIBOR oder einen 
anderen Referenzzinssatz außer einem compounded daily Overnight-
Referenzzinssatz, ist Folgendes anwendbar: sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, mit Bezug auf (i) [im Fall einer kurzen ersten 
Zinsperiode einfügen: die kurze erste Zinsperiode vom Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer 
langen ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: die lange erste Zinsperiode vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer kurzen letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: [die kurze 
letzte Zinsperiode von dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall 
einer langen letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: die lange letzte Zinsperiode von 
dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich)] den durch lineare Interpolation zwischen 
dem [ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) 
und dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend 
definiert) festgestellten Kurs, und (ii) alle anderen Zinsperioden den [relevanten 
Referenzzinssatz einfügen, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist] (wie nachstehend definiert) (zusammen mit 
dem Referenzzinssatz für die [kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode) jeweils 
als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt.][für compounded daily SONIA, 
compounded daily SOFR, compounded daily €STR oder einen anderen 
compounded daily Overnight-Referenzzinssatz einfügen: den compounded 
daily [maßgeblicher Overnight-Referenzzinssatz], wobei ein Durchschnittskurs für 
die relevante Zinsperiode am Feststellungstag gemäß der unten dargestellten 
Formel (wie nachstehend definiert) berechnet wird.] 
 
 Bei dem [ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] [,] [und] dem [zweiten 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] [[,] [und] dem [falls der relevante 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist, nicht mit dem ersten oder zweiten 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz identisch ist, ist dieser Referenzzinssatz 
einzufügen]] handelt es sich jeweils um den Kurs für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) [falls der 
Referenzzinssatz SEK-STIBOR-SIDE sein soll, einfügen: unter der Überschrift 
"FIXINGS"] am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen [11.00] 
[andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
  
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation nicht 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
 
 "Referenzzinssatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt wird, den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie nachstehend 
definiert), als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt.

--- Page 98 ---
92 
 
 
 Bei dem "[relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen]" handelt es sich um den Kurs 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des 
Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz SEK-STIBOR-SIDE sein soll, einfügen: unter der Überschrift 
"FIXINGS"] gegen [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 "Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 "Feststellungstag" bezeichnet 
 
 [für EURIBOR, STIBOR oder einen anderen Referenzzinssatz außer einem 
compounded daily Overnight-Referenzzinssatz einfügen: den [ersten] 
[zweiten] [andere relevante Zahl einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] [(wie in § 1 
definiert)] [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. [falls eine von der 
generellen Definition des Begriffs "Geschäftstag" abweichende Definition 
benötigt wird, einfügen: Nur im Rahmen dieses Absatzes (2) bezeichnet 
"Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [[falls 
TARGET bereits definiert wurde, einfügen: TARGET] [falls TARGET noch 
nicht definiert wurde, einfügen: das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET")] geöffnet ist] [[und] 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [London] [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich 
des 
Handels 
in 
Devisen 
und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind]. 
 
 [Für compounded daily SONIA, compounded daily SOFR, compounded daily 
€STR oder einen anderen compounded daily Overnight-Referenzzinssatz 
einfügen: den Tag, der zwei (2) Geschäftstage nach dem Ende des 
Beobachtungszeitraums liegt.]] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich nicht 
ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [[im Fall einer Marge einfügen: Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Die Marge beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
 
vom (einschließlich) 
bis zum (ausschließlich) 
 
[Datum einfügen] 
[Datum einfügen] 
[Marge einfügen] % 
per annum] 
 
 
  
Im 
Fall 
von 
EURIBOR, STIBOR 
oder einen anderen 
Referenzzinssatz 
außer einem zusam-
mengesetzten täg-
 "Bildschirmseite" bedeutet (i) [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] oder (ii) 
diejenige andere Bildschirmseite, die diese Bildschirmseite bei dem von 
[relevanten Informationsanbieter einfügen] betriebenen Dienst ersetzt, oder 
(iii) diejenige Bildschirmseite desjenigen anderen Dienstes, der von der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatz-Informationsanbieter für die Anzeige des relevanten 
Satzes benannt wird.

--- Page 99 ---
93 
 
lichen 
Overnight-
Referenzzinssatz, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 Sollte die Bildschirmseite abgeschafft werden oder nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
stehen, oder wird der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder der 
Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren Kurs (als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt), zu dem sie Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer 
Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevanten] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die am ersten Tag der relevanten 
Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsentativen Betrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) lauten, gegenüber führenden Banken im [Londoner] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [der Euro-Zone (wie 
nachstehend definiert)] um ca. [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] 
Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) am Feststellungstag anbieten, anfordern. Falls zwei oder mehr 
Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Kurse nennen, ist der [falls 
Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf 
das nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: Tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005] [falls der Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005] aufgerundet wird) dieser 
Kurse, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 Falls an einem Feststellungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Kurse nennt, 
ist 
der 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005] [falls der Referenzzinssatz nicht 
EURIBOR ist, einfügen: Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005] 
aufgerundet wird) der der Berechnungsstelle auf deren Abfrage hin mitgeteilten 
Kurse ermittelt, zu denen führende, von der Berechnungsstelle (in gutem Glauben 
handelnd) ausgewählte Großbanken [in [relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen]] 
[im [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbanken-
Markt [der Euro-Zone]] führenden europäischen Banken Darlehen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: [relevanten]] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die 
am ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsen-
tativen Betrag lauten, um ca. [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
am [Feststellungstag] [ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode] anbieten. Für den 
Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes 
ermittelt werden kann, ist der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz der Kurs auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend 
beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Feststellungstag, an dem dieser Kurs 
angezeigt wurde. 
 
 "Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [[vier] [andere relevante Zahl einfügen] 
Großbanken im [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [der Euro-Zone]] [falls in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Referenzbanken bestimmt werden, sind die Namen der Referenzbanken 
einzufügen].

--- Page 100 ---
94 
 
 
 "Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, der zu der relevanten Zeit in 
dem relevanten Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist.] 
 
  
[Für 
Zusammen-
gesetzten Täglichen 
SONIA, Zusammen-
gesetzten Täglichen 
SOFR, Zusammen-
gesetzen Täglichen 
€STR 
oder 
einen 
anderen 
zusam-
mengesetzten täg-
lichen 
Overnigth-
Referenzzinssatz ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 Der 
compounded 
daily 
[maßgeblichen 
Overnight-Referenzzinssatz] 
bezeichnet, in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode, den nach der Zinsformel zu 
berechnenden Renditesatz einer Anlage in der festgelegten Währung (mit dem 
anwendbaren Referenzzinssatz (wie in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
angegeben 
und 
nachfolgend 
näher 
beschrieben) 
als 
Referenzzinssatz zur Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Berechnungsstelle zum 
maßgeblichen Feststellungstag wie folgt berechnet, wobei der daraus 
resultierende Prozentsatz, sofern notwendig, auf [fünf] Dezimalstellen gerundet 
wird und [0,000005]% aufgerundet werden: 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑟i−pGT × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 𝐷
𝑑 
 
 
 "Anwendbare 
Periode" 
bezeichnet: 
(a) 
sofern in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
"Nachlauf" als die Beobachtungsmethode angegeben 
ist, die Zinsperiode; und 
(b) 
sofern in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
"Beobachtungsverschiebung" 
als 
Beobachtungs-
methode angegeben ist, Beobachtungszeitraum; 
 
 "Geschäftstag" 
oder "GT" 
bezeichnet: 
(a) 
sofern in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
"SONIA" als Referenzzinssatz angegeben ist, einen 
Tag, an dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels mit 
Devisengeschäften und Deviseneinlagen) in London 
geöffnet sind; und 
(b) 
sofern in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
"SOFR" als Referenzzinssatz angegeben ist, einen Tag, 
der ein US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag ist und kein 
gesetzlicher Feiertag in New York und kein Tag ist, an 
dem Bankinstitute in diesen Städten per Gesetz oder 
Verordnung zur Schließung befugt oder verpflichtet 
sind; und  
(c) 
sofern in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
"€STR" als Referenzzinssatz angegeben ist, ein 
TARGET-Abwicklungstag; und 
(d) 
sofern 
ein 
anderer 
Referenzzinssatz 
als 
der 
maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzzinssatz angegeben 
ist, einen Geschäftstag wie in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen definiert; 
 
 "D" 
ist die in den maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegebene Zahl und stellt die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr dar, 
die für die Berechnung des Zinssatzes verwendet wird; 
 
 "d" 
bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode; 
 
 "do" 
bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, die 
Anzahl der Geschäftstage in dieser Anwendbaren Periode;

--- Page 101 ---
95 
 
 
 "i" 
bezeichnet, für die maßgebliche Anwendbare Periode, eine 
Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis "do", die in 
chronologischer Folge jeweils einen Geschäftstag vom, und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
Geschäftstages 
dieser 
Anwendbaren Periode wiedergeben; 
 
 "ni" 
bezeichnet an jedem Tag "i" in der Anwendbaren Periode die 
Anzahl der Kalendertage von diesem Geschäftstag "i" 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
 
 "Beobachtungs
zeitraum" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die maßgebliche Zinsperiode den 
Zeitraum ab dem Tag (einschließlich), der "p" Geschäftstage 
vor dem ersten Tag dieser Zinsperiode liegt (und die erste 
Zinsperiode beginnt am Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich)), 
bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), der "p" Geschäftstage vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag für diese Zinsperiode liegt (oder der Tag, 
der "p" Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag, falls 
vorhanden, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden, liegt);  
 
 "p" 
bezeichnet für jede Anwendbare Periode die Anzahl der 
Geschäftstage, die in dem Zurückblickenden Beobachtungs-
zeitraum, wie in den anwendbaren Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angegeben, enthalten sind (mit der Maßgabe, dass "p" nicht 
weniger als fünf Geschäftstage ohne die vorherige schriftliche 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle betragen darf oder, falls 
keine solche Anzahl angegeben ist, fünf Geschäftstage); 
 
 "r" 
bezeichnet: 
(a) 
sofern "SONIA" als der maßgebliche Overnight-
Referenzzinssatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen 
Geschäftstag den SONIA-Satz in Bezug auf diesen 
Geschäftstag; und  
(b) 
sofern "SOFR" als der maßgebliche Overnight-
Referenzzinssatz angegeben ist, in Bezug auf einen 
Geschäftstag, den SOFR in Bezug auf diesen 
Geschäftstag; und; und 
(c) 
sofern 
in 
"€STR" 
als 
maßgeblicher 
Overnight-
Referenzzinssatz angegeben ist,in Bezug auf einen 
Geschäftstag den €STR in Bezug auf diesen 
Geschäftstag; und 
(d) 
sofern 
ein 
anderer 
Referenzzinssatz 
als 
der 
maßgebliche Overnight-Referenzzinssatz angegeben 
ist, in Bezug auf einen Geschäftstag den maßgeblichen 
Overnight-Referenzzinssatz in Bezug auf diesen 
Geschäftstag. 
 
 "€STR" 
bezeichnet, in Bezug auf einen 
Geschäftstag, einen 
Referenzzinssatz, der dem täglichen Euro-Kurzfristsatz für 
diesen 
Euro-Geschäftstag 
entspricht, 
wie 
von 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
als 
Administrator 
dieses 
Referenzzinssatzes (oder einem Nachfolge-Administrator 
dieses 
Referenzzinssatzes) 
auf 
der 
Webseite 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, 
derzeit 
unter 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, zur Verfügung gestellt wird, oder 
unter einer Nachfolge-Webseite, die offiziell von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank (die "EZB-Webseite") festgelegt 
wird, jeweils um oder vor 9:00 Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) an 
dem unmittelbar auf diesen Geschäftstag folgenden Euro-
Geschäftstag.

--- Page 102 ---
96 
 
 
 "SONIA" 
bezeichnet für jeden Geschäftstag einen Referenzzinssatz, der 
dem täglichen Sterling Overnight Index Average für diesen 
Geschäftstag entspricht, wie von dem Administrator des 
SONIA autorisierten Stellen zur Verfügung gestellt und sodann 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht, 
oder, 
falls 
die 
Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar ist, wie anderweitig von diesen 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
veröffentlicht 
(jeweils 
an 
dem 
Geschäftstag, der diesem Geschäftstag unmittelbar folgt).  
 
 "SOFR" 
bezeichnet, in Bezug auf einen Geschäftstag, einen 
Referenzssatz, der der täglichen Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate entspricht, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank, New York 
als Administrator dieses Referenzzinssatzes auf der Webseite 
der Federal Reserve Bank, New York um oder gegen 17.00 
Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an dem Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar 
auf diesen Geschäftstag folgt, zur Verfügung gestellt; 
 
 "𝒓𝐢−𝐩𝐆𝐓" 
bezeichnet den anwendbaren Referenzzinssatz, wie in der 
vorstehenden Definition von "r" angegeben für (i) sofern in den 
maßgeblichen Endgültigen Bedingungen "Nachlauf" als 
Beobachtungsmethode angegeben ist, den Geschäftstag (der 
ein 
Geschäftstag 
ist, 
der 
in 
den 
maßgebliche 
Beobachtungszeitraum fällt), der "p" Geschäftstage vor dem 
maßgeblichen Geschäftstag "i" liegt oder (ii) andernfalls, den 
maßgeblichen Geschäftstag "i". 
 
 "US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder 
einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets 
Association 
die 
ganztägliche 
Schließung 
der 
Abteilungen für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im 
Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt.] 
 
  
[Für 
Zusammen-
gesetzten Täglichen 
SONIA einfügen: 
 Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu 
der genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt, ist SONIA: (i) der Zinssatz der 
Bank of England (der "Einlagenzinssatz"), der bei Geschäftsschluss am 
jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert der Zinsspannen 
von SONIA zum Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an denen SONIA 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es 
mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) 
und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als eine niedrigste 
Zinsspanne 
gibt, 
nur 
eine 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Zinsspannen) 
zum 
Einlagenzinssatz. 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
von der Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige 
des letzten vorangegangenen Feststellungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen 
solchen vorangegangenen Feststellungstag gibt, der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der 
für solche Schuldverschreibungen für die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen 
wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer 
wie die erste Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließlich) begeben 
worden.] 
 
  
[Für 
Zusammen-
gesetzten Täglich-
en SOFR einfügen: 
 Sollte SOFR nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, und (1) sofern nicht die Emittentin der Berechnungsstelle 
bestätigt hat, dass sowohl ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, gilt der SOFR des letzten US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstags, an dem der SOFR auf der Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht wurde; oder (2) wenn die Emittentin der Berechnungsstelle bestätigt

--- Page 103 ---
97 
 
hat, dass sowohl ein SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag 
vorliegt, 
gilt 
der 
Zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Zinsspannen oder Anpassungen), der als Ersatz für den SOFR vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder einem 
Ausschuss festgelegt wurde und der Berechnungsstelle durch die Emittentin 
mitgeteilt wurde, der vom Federal Reserve Board und/oder der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, um einen Ersatz für 
den Secured Overnight Financing Rate (der von einer Federal Reserve Bank oder 
einer anderen zuständigen Behörde festgelegt werden kann) vorzugeben, 
vorausgesetzt, dass wenn kein solcher Zinssatz der Berechnungsstelle innerhalb 
eines 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstags 
nach 
dem 
SOFR 
Index 
Einstellungsstichtag von der Emittentin als empfohlen mitgeteilt wurde, der 
Zinssatz für jeden Feststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtag bestimmt wird als ob (i) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR 
Bezugnahmen auf OBFR wären, (ii) Bezugnahmen auf US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage Bezugnahmen auf New York Geschäftstage wären, (iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf SOFR Index Einstellungsereignisse Bezugnahmen auf OBFR 
Index Einstellungsereignisse wären und (iv) Bezugnahmen auf SOFR Index 
Einstellungsstichtage seien Bezugnahmen auf OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtage 
und 
weiterhin 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
wenn 
kein 
solcher 
Zinssatz 
der 
Berechnungsstelle durch die Emittentin innerhalb eines US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstags nach dem SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag als empfohlen 
mitgeteilt wurde und ein OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag vorliegt, der Zinssatz 
für jeden Feststellungstag an oder nach dem SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag 
bestimmt wird als ob (x) Bezugnahmen auf den SOFR Bezugnahmen auf die 
FOMC Target Rate wären, (y) Verweise auf US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage 
Verweise auf New York Geschäftstage wären und (z) Verweise auf die 
Bildschirmseite Verweise auf die Website der Federal Reserve wären. 
 
 Wobei insofern gilt:  
 
 "FOMC Target Rate" bezeichnet den kurzfristigen Zinssatz festgesetzt durch das 
Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York oder, wenn das Federal Open Market Committee keinen einzelnen 
Referenzzinssatz avisiert, das Mittel des kurzfristigen Zinssatzes festgesetzt 
durch das Federal Open Market Committee auf der Website der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (berechnet als arithmetisches Mittel zwischen der oberen 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite). 
 
 "US Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden Tag, ausgenommen 
Samstag, Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association die ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen für 
festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
 
 "OBFR" bezeichnet in Bezug auf jeden Feststellungstag die tägliche Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate hinsichtlich des jenem Feststellungstag vorangehenden New 
Yorker Geschäftstags, wie von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York als 
Administrator 
(oder 
einem 
Nachfolgeadministrator) 
eines 
solchen 
Referenzzinssatzes auf der Website der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
gegen 17:00 Uhr (New Yorker Zeit) an einem solchen Feststellungstag zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird. 
 
 "OBFR Index Einstellungsstichtag" bezeichnet in Bezug auf das OBFR Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, an dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder eines Nachfolgeadministrators der Overnight Bank Funding Rate) die 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder der Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Overnight Bank Funding Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann.

--- Page 104 ---
98 
 
 
 "OBFR Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der OBFR), die ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der 
OBFR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die OBFR nicht mehr bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
zu 
dieser 
Zeit 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin eine OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der OBFR, die auf 
alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese 
begrenzt zu sein, verbietet. 
 
 "SOFR Index Einstellungsstichtag" meint in Bezug auf das SOFR Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der Secured Overnight Financing Rate) die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder den Zeitpunkt, 
ab dem die Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr genutzt werden kann. 
 
 "SOFR Index Einstellungsereignis" bedeutet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(a) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators der Secured Overnight Financing Rate), die 
ankündigt, dass sie dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(b) die Veröffentlichung von Informationen, welche hinreichend bestätigt, dass 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator der 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit die 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin eine Secured Overnight Financing Rate zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder  
(c) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine US Regulierungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle der USA, welche die Anwendung der Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate, die auf alle Swapgeschäfte (bestehende 
inbegriffen), anwendbar ist, ohne auf diese begrenzt zu sein, verbietet.] 
 
  
 
 Stellt die Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle vor oder an einem 
Feststellungstag fest, dass (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den 
Referenzzinssatz nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der Administrator des 
Referenzzinssatzes einen Tag öffentlich bekanntgegeben hat, ab wann die 
Berechnung und Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wird, (iii) der Administrator des Referenz-zinssatzes 
einen Tag öffentlich bekanntgegeben hat, ab wann der Administrator 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder, dass er zahlungsunfähig ist oder ein Insolvenz-, 
Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator 
betreffend) 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
oder 
durch 
die 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde eingeleitet wurde oder in diesem Zusammenhang ein 
entsprechender Antrag gestellt wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzzinssatz anderweitig 
eingestellt ist oder auf andere Weise nicht mehr zur Verfügung gestellt wird ((i) bis 
(iv) jeweils ein "Einstellungsereignis"), soll der Referenzzinssatz durch einen 
Zinssatz ersetzt werden (der "Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz"), der sich gemäß 
untenstehender Reihenfolge I bis III am jeweiligen Feststellungstag bestimmt:

--- Page 105 ---
99 
 
 
 I) 
Der Referenzzinssatz wird durch den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz ersetzt, der 
durch den Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank 
oder eine Regulierungs- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolger des 
Referenzzinssatzes für die Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes bekannt gegeben 
wird und in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf. 
 
 II) Soweit eine Bekanntgabe nach I) nicht erfolgt, wird der Unabhängige 
Sachverständige (wie nachstehend definiert) nach billigem Ermessen (§ 317 
BGB) den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz bestimmen, der am ehesten mit dem 
Referenzzinssatz vergleichbar ist, wobei der Unabhängige Sachverständige 
einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem Referenzzinssatz vergleichbar 
akzeptierten Referenzzinssatz als Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz bestimmen 
muss, und eine Bildschirmseite bestimmt, die in Verbindung mit dem 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz 
verwendet 
werden 
soll 
und 
von 
der 
Berechungsstelle akzeptiert wird (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). 
 
 
Ferner wird der Unabhängige Sachverständige bei Bedarf und nach billigem 
Ermessen (gemäß § 317 BGB) eine Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) bestimmen, welche wirtschaftliche Nachteile oder Vorteile der 
Gläubiger, reduziert oder ausschließt, welche durch die Ersetzung des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz 
entstehen 
könnten. Dabei bezeichnet die "Anpassungsspanne" eine Spanne, welche: 
 
 
(a) im Fall eines Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes formell im Zusammenhang 
mit der Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes durch den Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz vom Unabhängigen Sachverständigen empfohlen wird; 
oder 
 
 
(b) durch den Unabhängigen Sachverständigen (sofern keine Empfehlung 
abgegeben wurde) als anerkannter und berücksichtigter Industriestandard 
für "over-the-counter"-Derivative-Transaktionen mit Bezug auf den 
Referenzzinssatz, 
bei 
denen 
dieser 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz ersetzt wurde, bestimmt wird; oder 
 
 
(c) vom Unabhängigen Sachverständigen als angemessen erachtet wird 
(sofern dieser bestimmt, dass es keinen anerkannten und berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard gibt). 
 
 Jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in diesem Dokument gilt ab dem 
Datum der Festlegung eines Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes als Bezugnahme auf 
die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses Absatzes gelten 
entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Sachverständige wird die Emittentin und die 
Berechnungsstelle bis spätestens 10 Tage vor dem Feststellungstag über solche 
Festlegungen informieren. Anschließend wird die Emittentin die Gläubiger gemäß 
§ 13 informieren. 
 
 III) Sollte der Unabhängige Sachverständige innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nach 
seiner Bestellung keinen Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz ermittelt haben, hat er 
dies der Emittentin unverzüglich mitzuteilen. Nach Erhalt einer solchen 
Mitteilung oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz Bemühens nach besten 
Kräften 
innerhalb 
von 
[30] 
[●] 
Tagen 
nach 
Bekanntwerden 
des 
Einstellungsereignisses keinen unabhängigen Sachverständigen bestellen 
kann, ist sie zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
berechtigt. Eine solche Kündigung wird der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern von der Emittentin gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. In dieser Mitteilung muss 
enthalten sein:

--- Page 106 ---
100 
 
 
 
(a) die Serie von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Kündigung betroffen ist; 
und 
 
 
(b) das Rückzahlungsdatum, welches nicht weniger als [Anzahl der 
Tage/Target-Geschäftstage] [Tage] [Target-Geschäftstage] nach dem 
Datum sein darf, an dem die Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Gläubiger 
erfolgt ist. 
 
 Sofern sich die Emittentin entscheidet, die Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen 
oder nicht vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen oder wenn die Emittentin oder der 
Unabhängige Sachverständige bis spätestens 10 Tage vor dem Feststellungstag 
nicht in der Lage sind, die Berechnungsstelle über den Nachfolge-Referenz-
zinssatz zu benachrichtigen, ist der Zinssatz für den Maßgeblichen Zeitraum (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) der [im Fall, dass Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Referenzzinssätze 
auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Feststellungstag, an dem [im Fall, dass Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevante[r]] [Referenzzinssatz] [Referenzzinssätze] angezeigt wurde[n] [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für 
die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für 
die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des 
(relevanten) Referenzzinssatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
Referenzzinssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, 
so dass er die Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null). 
In diesem Unterabsatz bezeichnet "Maßgeblicher Zeitraum": 
(i) im Falle einer Kündigung, den Zeitraum vom Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), 
der dem Tag der Kündigung unmittelbar vorangeht, bis zum Tag der 
Rückzahlung (ausschließlich); oder 
(ii) sollte die Emittentin von ihrem Recht der Kündigung keinen Gebrauch machen, 
den Zeitraum vom letzten Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
darauffolgendem Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 "Unabhängiger Sachverständiger" bezeichnet eine unabhängige international 
anerkannte Bank oder einen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit jeweils 
einschlägiger Expertise, die bzw. der von der Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen Bedingungen unter zumutbaren Bemühungen bestellt wird. Die 
Berechnungsstelle kann als Unabhängiger Sachverständiger bestellt werden, 
sofern die Berechnungstelle zustimmt, als Unabhängiger Sachverständiger zu 
handeln. 
 
  
Im 
Fall 
des 
Interbanken-
Marktes der Euro-
Zone ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 ["Euro-Zone" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen Union, die den Euro als einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
 
  
Im Fall eines 
Mindest- und/oder 
ein Höchstzins-
satzes ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz.

--- Page 107 ---
101 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
  
Im Fall eines 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 [Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 ([4]) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. 
 
 ([5]) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der relevante Zinssatz zu bestimmen 
ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die 
festgelegte Stückelung für die relevante Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag 
wird berechnet, indem der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet 
wird, dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und das hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit 
der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit 
aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 ([6]) Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass die Zinsperiode, der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag und der 
Zinszahlungstag für die relevante Zinsperiode der Emittentin, jeder Börse, an der 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] 
baldmöglichst mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie 
den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mitgeteilt. 
 
 ([7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, 
kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die 
Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern 
keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle 
nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, etwaigen Zahlstellen oder 
den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer 
Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen.  
 
 ([8]) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
                                                     
 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 108 ---
102 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[1. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in 
die 
das 
Ende 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl der 
Tage in dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
2. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in 
die das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus 
 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; und 
 
(2) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine 
(wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von einem Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies 
schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der letzte Zinszahlungstag kein 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen] (jeder [Datum einfügen]).] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
Im Fall von 30/360, 
360/360 oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der 
erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. 
Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende 
Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats 
Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]

--- Page 109 ---
103 
 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall 
von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich 
um einen Zahltag handelt.] 
Im Fall von FRN 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird (i) der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich 
um einen Zahltag handelt, und ist (ii) jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag 
(sofern anwendbar) der jeweils letzte Zahltag des Monats, der [[relevante Zahl 
einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen]] nach dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag (sofern anwendbar) liegt.] 
Im Fall von 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt.]

--- Page 110 ---
104 
 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an 
dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 
(6) definiert) ist] [an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass TARGET bereits 
definiert wurde ist Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [Im Fall, dass TARGET 
noch nicht definiert wurde ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
geöffnet ist]]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst werden 
soll, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im 
Fall von Modified Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention 
und Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im Fall von Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, FRN Convention und Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst werden 
soll, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im 
Fall von Modified Following Business Day Convention, FRN Convention 
und Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im Fall von Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, FRN Convention und Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des Nennbetrags der Schuldver-
schreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, zusätzliche 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] [Im Fall, dass der 
Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend angegeben);] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 
zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin.

--- Page 111 ---
105 
 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen (vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit 
den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [im 
Fall eines festgelegten Fälligkeitstags diesen Fälligkeitstag einfügen] [im 
Fall eines Rückzahlungsmonats einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat 
einfügen] fallenden Zinszahlungstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
[Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung] 
[ansonsten den Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldver-
schreibungen können insgesamt und nicht teilweise nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § [13] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern gekündigt (wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und an einem 
Zinszahlungstag zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin bei der nächsten 
fälligen Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen verpflichtet ist oder sein wird, 
zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 7 zu zahlen, und zwar als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften des 
Landes, in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, oder dessen 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder der Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird 
an oder nach dem Tag, an dem die erste Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam), wobei eine solche Kündigung 
nicht früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem 
die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung fällig 
wäre. 
 
 
Die gemäß diesem § 5 (2) zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits 
verlangt hat.]

--- Page 112 ---
106 
 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nicht weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, 
und im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des relevanten Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach deren 
Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three 
Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt aber nicht teilweise innerhalb des 
Wahl- Rückzahlungszeitraums (Three Months Par Call) am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par Call) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum (Three Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), der drei Monate vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag liegt bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums (Three Months 
Par Call), an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Three Months Par Call)").]

--- Page 113 ---
107 
 
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen von [80] [anderen relevanten 
Prozentsatz einfügen] % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt oder zurückgekauft hat, kann die 
Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die übrigen 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt und nicht teilweise am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen) kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamt-
nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
[Im Fall, dass der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums (geringer 
ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen), an 
dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass der 
Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuld-
verschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger in Übereinstimmung auf 
Unterabsatz (b) an [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] (Put) zu [dem] 
[den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträgen] (Put), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, insgesamt und nicht teilweise zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Put) einfügen] 
 
 
 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin in Ausübung 
ihres Wahlrechts nach Absatz [] dieses § 5 bereits verlangt hat.]

--- Page 114 ---
108 
 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [30] 
[andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht weniger als 15 
Tage betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [60] [andere 
Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung erfolgen 
soll, bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle während der 
normalen Geschäftszeiten eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte schriftliche 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
abzugeben. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17.00 Uhr (Ortszeit 
Frankfurt am Main) am [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] Geschäftstag 
vor dem (maßgeblichen) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt worden. Die Ausübungserklärung hat 
anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) etwaige Wertpapier-
kennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall, dass die 
Globalurkunde von CBF verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und 
(iii) die Kontaktdaten des Gläubigers sowie seine Kontoverbindung.] Die 
Ausübungserklärung kann in der deutschen oder englischen Sprache und 
in der von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen Form, die weitere Hinweise enthalten kann, erstellt werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Um das Recht, 
Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen verlangen zu können, 
auszuüben, muss der Gläubiger die Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder an deren Order liefern.] 
Im Fall, dass die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([7]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechsel stattfindet und innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums 
eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
aufgrund 
des 
Kontrollwechsels oder dessen Ankündigung erfolgt (ein "Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsgrund"): 
 
(i) 
kann jeder Gläubiger, nachdem er gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, von der Emittentin zum Stichtag die Rückzahlung seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, insgesamt und nicht teilweise, zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Stichtag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen verlangen; und 
 
 
(ii) 
wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrund Kenntnis erlangt hat, dies gemäß § [13] bekannt 
machen, und (B) einen Stichtag für die Zwecke der Kündigungs-
erklärung (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § [13] 
bekannt machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf 
nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach der gemäß 
Unterabsatz (ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsgrundes liegen. 
 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" tritt ein, wenn eine Person oder mehrere Personen, 
die gemeinsam handeln, direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50 % der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der Emittentin erwerben. 
 
 
Der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" beginnt am Tag der Ankündigung des 
Kontrollwechsels, spätestens aber am Tag des Kontrollwechsels und endet 
180 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel. 
 
 
"Ankündigung des Kontrollwechsels" bedeutet die öffentliche Ankündi-
gung des Kontrollwechsels oder eine Stellungnahme der Emittentin oder 
eines aktuellen oder potentiellen Bieters, die sich auf einen Kontrollwechsel 
bezieht.

--- Page 115 ---
109 
 
 
 
Eine "Ratingherabstufung" tritt ein, wenn ein von der Emittentin 
angefordertes Credit Rating für langfristige unbesicherte Finanz-
verbindlichkeiten unter Investment Grade fällt oder alle Ratingagenturen die 
Abgabe eines Credit Ratings in Bezug auf die Emittentin nicht nur 
vorübergehend einstellen. Ein Credit Rating unter Investment Grade 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf S&P Global Ratings ein Rating von BB+ oder 
schlechter und in Bezug auf Moody's Investor Services Inc. ein Rating von 
Ba1 oder schlechter und, soweit eine andere Ratingagentur von der 
Emittentin benannt worden ist, ein vergleichbares Rating. 
 
 
"Ratingagenturen" bezeichnet jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global 
Ratings oder Moody's Investors Services Inc. oder jede andere 
Ratingagentur, die von der Emittentin benannt wird. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 
Tage vor dem Stichtag bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Kündigungserklärung (die "Kündigungs-
erklärung") abzugeben. Falls die Kündigungserklärung nach 17.00 Uhr 
(Ortszeit Frankfurt am Main) am dreißigsten Geschäftstag vor dem Stichtag 
eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt worden. Die 
Kündigungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird, [und] (ii) 
etwaige Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall, 
dass die Globalurkunde von CBF verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) die Kontaktdaten des Gläubigers sowie seine 
Kontoverbindung.] Die Kündigungserklärung kann in der deutschen oder 
englischen Sprache und in der von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlichen Form, die weitere Hinweise enthalten kann, 
erstellt werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. Um das Recht, Rückzahlung dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen 
zu 
können, 
auszuüben, 
muss 
der 
Gläubiger 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder an deren Order liefern.] 
 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
entspricht der "vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" einer Schuldverschreibung 
[dem Rückzahlungsbetrag] [sonstigen Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen, der 
nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf].]  
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[, DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [, die anfänglich bestellte[n] [Zahlstelle[n]] und die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten 
wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
 
 
Taunusanlage 12 
 
 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Deutschland 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[]] 
 
 
Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch diejenigen einer Zahlstelle. 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen.

--- Page 116 ---
110 
 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [, der Zahlstelle[n]] und 
der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle [, andere [oder zusätzliche] Zahlstellen] oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine 
Emissionsstelle [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse 
notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] (ii), solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der 
es sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in [Sitz der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, in dem sich 
die relevante Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten 
unterhalten, wie es die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] [im Fall 
von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] ([iii]) falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. 
Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
und 
vorausgesetzt, dass eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der Vereinigten 
Staaten zulässig ist, ohne dass damit nach Ansicht der Emittentin nachteilige 
Steuerfolgen für die Emittentin verbunden sind, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City] und ([iv]) eine Berechnungsstelle [Im Fall, 
dass die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle an einem 
vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, ist Folgendes anwendbar: mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
[vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
einfügen]] 
unterhalten. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach Eintritt der 
Wirksamkeit einer solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einem 
solchen sonstigen Wechsel benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird 
kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für 
die Emittentin, die Zahlstelle[n], die Berechnungsstelle und die Gläubiger 
bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Emissionsstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
Alle Zahlungen von Kapital und Zinsen, die von der Emittentin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorgenommen werden, werden ohne Abzug oder 
Einbehalt an der Quelle von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, Abgaben 
oder amtlichen Gebühren gleich welcher Art erfolgen, die von oder in dem Land, 
in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, oder für dessen 
Rechnung oder für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden 
(nachstehend zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher 
Abzug oder Einbehalt an der Quelle ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem 
letzteren Fall wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern nach diesem Abzug oder 
Einbehalt an der Quelle zufließenden Nettobeträge jeweils den Beträgen an 
Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ihnen zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug 
oder Einbehalt an der Quelle nicht erforderlich wäre (die "zusätzlichen

--- Page 117 ---
111 
 
Beträge"). Solche zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen 
Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank, Verwahrstelle oder Inkassobeauftragten des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten 
sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt; 
oder 
 
 
(b) wegen 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zu dem Land, in dem die 
Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, zu zahlen sind und nicht 
allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen 
in dem Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
oder 
eines 
multilateralen Instrumentariums über deren Besteuerung, an der das Land, 
in dem die Emittentin ihren Hauptsitz oder Steuersitz hat, oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (ii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
eine solche Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
 
 
(d) aufgrund 
einer 
Rechtsänderung 
oder 
einer 
Änderung 
in 
der 
Rechtsanwendung zu zahlen sind, die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(e) zahlbar sind, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer bestimmten Zahlstelle 
zur Zahlung vorgelegt werden, wenn sie einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne 
einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug zur Zahlung hätten vorgelegt werden 
können; oder 
 
 
(f) 
aufgrund des Versäumnisses des Schuldverschreibungsinhabers oder des 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümers einer Schuldverschreibung, nach einer 
schriftlichen Anforderung der Emittentin an einen solchen Schuldver-
schreibungsinhaber (die zu einer Zeit erfolgen muss, welche es dem 
Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
vernünftigermaßen 
ermöglicht 
der 
Aufforderung Folge zu leisten, mindestens jedoch 30 Tage bevor der Abzug 
oder Einbehalt an den Schuldverschreibungsinhaber zahlbar wäre), einer 
Zertifizierungs-, Identifizierungs- oder sonstigen Berichtsanforderung 
nachzukommen (einschließlich der Anforderung, die erforderlichen 
Formulare und / oder sonstigen Unterlagen vorzulegen), aufgrund einer 
Satzung, eines Vertrags, einer Verordnung oder Verwaltungspraxis der 
jeweiligen Steuerjurisdiktion, um den Anspruch auf Befreiung von allen oder 
einem Teil dieser Steuern, Gebühren, Abgaben, Veranlagungen oder 
sonstigen staatlichen Abgaben zu begründen, sofern diese Erfüllung als 
Voraussetzung für die Entlastung oder Befreiung von solchen Steuern, 
Abgaben, Gebühren, Veranlagungen oder anderen staatlichen Abgaben 
erforderlich ist, jedoch nur soweit wie der Schuldverschreibungsinhaber 
rechtlich verpflichtet ist solche Zertifikate, Formulare oder sonstigen 
Dokumente übermitteln muss und weiterhin nur unter der Voraussetzung, 
dass die Verpflichtung zur Übermittlung solcher Zertifikate, Formulare oder 
sonstigen Dokumente nicht die Konsequenz aus einer vorherigen 
Registrierung, Benachrichtigung oder Einreichung bei einer zuständigen 
Behörde ist.

--- Page 118 ---
112 
 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland nach dem Einkommen-
steuergesetz gemäß §§ 43 ff. EStG derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer, der 
darauf anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag sowie die gegebenenfalls darauf 
anfallende Kirchensteuer sind keine Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben im oben 
genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
Unbeschadet sonstiger Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen ist die Emittentin 
zum Einbehalt oder Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471-1474 des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (die Bestimmungen werden im 
Allgemeinen als "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" ("FATCA") bezeichnet), 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer anderen 
Rechtsordnung 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
FATCA 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß zwischen der Emittentin und dem U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen erforderlich sind. Die 
Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen oder Gläubiger in 
Bezug auf Abzüge oder Einbehalte für oder im Zusammenhang mit FATCA auf 
andere Art und Weise schadlos zu halten, die von der Emittentin, einer ihrer 
Zahlstellen oder einem anderen Beteiligten als Folge davon einbehalten oder 
abgezogen wurden, dass eine andere Person als die Emittentin, einer ihrer 
Zahlstellen oder ein anderer Beteiligter nicht zum Empfang von Zahlungen ohne 
FATCA berechtigt ist. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibung für fällig zu erklären und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der 
Rückzahlung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag leistet; oder 
 
 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese 
Unterlassung nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 90 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt, oder 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder ein Dritter 
ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin beantragt und ein solches 
Verfahren nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist, oder 
 
 
(e)  Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aufgrund von Bürgschaften oder Garantien, die von der 
Emittentin für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit gegeben wurden, von mehr 
als einem Gesamtbetrag von EUR 50.000.000 nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle von Bürgschaften oder Garantien 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus diesen 
Bürgschaften oder Garantien erfüllt wurden, es sei denn, die Emittentin 
bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtungen bestehen 
oder fällig sind bzw. diese Bürgschaften oder Garantien berechtigterweise

--- Page 119 ---
113 
 
in Anspruch genommen wurden; oder 
 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusam-
menhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und diese andere oder neue 
Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
 
 
(g) in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung 
oder behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin 
daran 
gehindert 
wird, 
die 
von 
ihr 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem Umfang zu 
erfüllen und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen nach dem Tag, an dem das 
jeweilige Gesetz, die jeweilige Verordnung oder die jeweilige behördliche 
Anordnung für die Emittentin wirksam geworden ist, behoben ist. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des 
Rechts geheilt wurde. 
 
 
In dem vorstehend in Unterabsatz (1) (b) genannten Fall wird eine Kündigung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in den Unterabsätzen (1) (a) 
und (c) bis (g) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei 
der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
wenigstens 
einem 
Zehntel 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags der dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen dieser 
Serie eingegangen sind. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung. Eine Mitteilung, einschließlich einer Kündigungserklärung dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 9 erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe des § [13] ([]) (Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden 
Mitteilungen). 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit 
einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug 
befindet, ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat 
und berechtigt ist, an die Emissionsstelle die zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge in der hierin festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu 
sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art einzubehalten oder abzuziehen; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich 
solcher Quellensteuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
die einem Gläubiger bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden;  
 
 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass jeder 
Gläubiger wirtschaftlich mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung stehen würde; und

--- Page 120 ---
114 
 
 
 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
(a), (b) und (c) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein 
verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung. Eine Mitteilung über eine solche Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] zu 
veröffentlichen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme 
in diesen Bedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, 
in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
 
 
(a) 
in § 7 und § 5 Absatz 2 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf das Land, 
in dem die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) 
in § 9 Absatz 1 (c), (d), (e) und (f) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
des Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in Bezug 
auf die Änderung 
der Bedingungen 
und die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung finden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung dieser Bedingungen mit der 
Emittentin vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle 
Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei 
denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich 
zu. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere 
über die in § 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 
4 Satz 2 SchVG statt.

--- Page 121 ---
115 
 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist []. Die Haftung 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung 
von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstags 
und 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst werden und eine einheitliche Serie 
(die "Serie") bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich 
zu 
entwerten 
und 
können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden.

--- Page 122 ---
116 
 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
geregelten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Medien 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
verlangen, 
sind 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) zu 
veröffentlichen.] Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems 
gehalten werden, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach Absatz 
(1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die 
Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an dem geregelten 
Markt einer Wert-
papierbörse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
([]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, 
gelten die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle 
(zur Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform oder schriftlicher Form in der 
deutschen oder englischen Sprache persönlich übergeben oder per Brief 
übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die Emittentin zufriedenstellenden 
Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen erbringen. 
Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem 
oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert), bei der der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, dass der Gläubiger 
zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
ist, oder (ii) auf jede andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in Düsseldorf.

--- Page 123 ---
117 
 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen 
ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine 
Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, die (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die 
die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er 
legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder 
der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf 
jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, die in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von Bedin-
gungen, die in 
englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 124 ---
118 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN) 
In the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im EWR - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass 
sie Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden und mit Wirkung von diesem Tag an sollen die Schuldverschreibungen 
dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der 
folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von 
Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "IDD"), der nicht als professioneller Kunde 
im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der kein 
qualifizierter Anleger ist im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (die "Prospektverordnung"). Folglich 
wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder 
ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung 
der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte 
das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an 
Privatinvestoren im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung unzulässig sein.1] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the 
"MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
"IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.1] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN 
UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungs-
verfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuld-
verschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe 
ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, 
die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere Details bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorie etc. einfügen.] 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
[PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] 
professional clients [●], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
                                                     
1  
Einzufügen falls die Schuldverschreibungen „packaged“ Produkte darstellen. 
 
To be inserted if the Notes will may constitute “packaged” products.

--- Page 125 ---
119 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert further details 
on target market, client categories etc.] [Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht 
dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich ("GB") angeboten, verkauft oder auf 
anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend 
Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien 
zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 in 
der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") ist; (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen der FSMA und alle Regeln und 
Verordnungen gemäß FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97, der nicht als professioneller Kunde 
im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese 
Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der 
kein qualifizierter Anleger ist im Sinne des Artikels 2 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/1129 in der Gestalt, in 
der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist. Folglich wurde kein 
Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil 
nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist, (die "GB PRIIPs-Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb 
und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren in GB erforderlich, 
erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von 
Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren in GB nach der GB PRIIPs-Verordnung unzulässig sein.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[GB MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN 
- 
Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert, und 
professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil 
nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ist ("GB MiFIR"), umfasst; 
und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Investoren angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der 
Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "GB MiFIR 
Produktüberwachungspflichten") 
unterliegt, 
ist 
indes 
dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanälezu bestimmen.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (the "COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes

--- Page 126 ---
120 
 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]

--- Page 127 ---
121 
 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
[Datum einfügen] 
[insert date] 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
Final Terms 
[Bezeichnung der relevanten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen] (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes") 
begeben von 
issued by 
Uniper SE 
aufgrund des 
pursuant to the 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
vom 17. März 2021 
dated 17 March 2021 
Ausgabepreis: [] % [zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe von [] für [] Tage in dem Zeitraum vom 
[] (einschließlich) bis zum [] (ausschließlich)] 
Issue Price: [] per cent. [plus accrued interest in the amount of [] for [] days in the period from, and 
including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
Tag der Begebung: []1 
Issue Date: []2 
Serien-Nr.: [] 
Series No.: [] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
                                                     
1 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
 
2  
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 128 ---
122 
 
WICHTIGER HINWEIS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 (5) in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 (4) 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 17. Juni 2017, in ihrer 
geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und]3 enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter 
dem EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme der Uniper SE (das "Programm") und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 17. März 2021 ([in der Fassung [des Nachtrags] [der Nachträge] 
vom [relevantes Datum/relevante Daten einfügen],] der "Basisprospekt") über das Programm zu lesen. 
Alle relevanten Informationen über die Emittentin und über das hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemachte Angebot sind nur in der Zusammenschau dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und des 
Basisprospekts erhältlich. Kopien des Basisprospekts und etwaiger Nachträge zum Basisprospekt [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die an dem geregelten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zum Handel 
zugelassen sind, einfügen: sowie dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen] sind kostenlos während der üblichen 
Geschäftszeiten bei der Emissionsstelle (Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Securities Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland) und Uniper SE (Holzstraße 6, 40221 Düsseldorf, 
Deutschland) und außerdem auf der Internetseite der Börse Luxemburg (www.bourse.lu) erhältlich. 
These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, 
and]4 give details of an issue of Notes under the EUR 2,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Uniper 
SE (the "Programme") and are to be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 17 March 2021 ([as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [insert relevant date(s)],] the "Base Prospectus") and pertaining 
to the Programme. All relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus as 
well as any supplements to the Base Prospectus [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange insert: and these Final Terms] are obtainable free 
of charge during normal business hours from the Fiscal Agent (Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Securities Services, Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany) and Uniper SE (Holzstraße 6, 
40221 Düsseldorf, Germany) and also from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] 
                                                     
3 
Nicht anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt zum Handel zugelassen werden. 
4  
Not applicable in case of Notes which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 129 ---
123 
 
TEIL A: BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
PART A: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain 
further options contained therein) respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen [sowie die 
unverbindliche [deutschsprachige] [englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes [and the non-binding [German] [English] language 
translation thereof] are as set out below. 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen zu vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I (including 
relevant further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen zu vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
(including relevant further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain 
further options contained therein) respectively, insert: 
Dieser TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz an Bedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen, der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet 
(die "Bedingungen"), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in 
den Bedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
verwendet werden. 
This PART A of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Conditions of the Notes that apply 
to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus 
as [Option I] [Option II]. Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings when 
used in these Final Terms. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Bedingungen. 
All references in this PART A of the Final Terms to numbered sections and paragraphs are to sections and 
paragraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Die Leerstellen in den Bedingungen gelten als durch die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Bedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den 
Bedingungen gestrichen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in these Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All 
provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not 
selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions.]

--- Page 130 ---
124 
 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
Währung, Stückelung 
Currency, Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[] 
Specified Currency 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag (in Worten) 
[] 
Aggregate Principal Amount (in words) 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung5 
[] 
Specified Denomination6 
 
Clearingsystem 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 
und/and 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Globalurkunden 
 
Global Notes 
 
 
New Global Notes  
 
 
Classical Global Notes  
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Commerical banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Zinssatz 
[] % per annum 
Rate of Interest 
[] per cent. per annum 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinszahlungstag[e] 
[] 
Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
[Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[halbjährlich] [jährlich] 
Interest shall be payable] 
[semi-annually] [annually] 
                                                     
5 
Die festgelegte Stückelung darf (i) für den Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen an einem geregelten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in einem 
Mitgliedsstaat des EWR notiert oder in einem Mitgliedsstaat des EWR öffentlich angeboten werden, nicht weniger als Euro 100.000 oder den 
entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung an dem Emissionstag betragen bzw. (ii) einen Betrag nicht unterschreiten, der von der 
maßgeblichen Zentralbank oder anwendbaren Regulierungen für die maßgebliche Währung gestattet oder vorausgesetzt wird. 
 
6  
The Specified Denomination shall be, (i) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in 
a Member State of the EEA or publicy offered in a Member State of the EEA, at least Euro 100,000 or its foreign currency equivalent on the 
relevant date of issue, or (ii) at least such amount as may be allowed or required by the relevant cetral bank or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant specified currency.

--- Page 131 ---
125 
 
[Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date] 
 
[Letzter Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
Last Interest Payment Date] 
 
Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
[] 
Amount of Interest per Note 
 
[ kurze erste Zinsperiode 
short first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ lange erste Zinsperiode 
long first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ kurze letzte Zinsperiode 
short last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ lange letzte Zinsperiode 
long last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]]]78 
[Der] [Die] Zinszahlungstag[e] [unterliegt] [unterliegen] einer 
Anpassung 
[Ja] [Nein] 
The Interest Payment Date[s] [is] [are] subject to adjustment 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
[Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[vierteljährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[jährlich] im Nachhinein 
Interest shall be payable 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] 
[annually] in arrear 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[] 
                                                     
7 
 Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
 
8 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes do not insert.

--- Page 132 ---
126 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperioden 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
[Wochen] [Monate] [andere 
festgelegte 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen] 
Specified Interest Periods 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[weeks] [months] [insert other 
specified Interest Period] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
Zinssatz 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
 
Interpolation applicable 
 
[kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode 
Ja 
[short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period 
Yes 
Referenzzinssätze 
 
Reference Interest Rates 
 
erster Referenzzinssatz 
[ersten relevanten Referenz-
zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) einfügen]  
first Reference Interest Rate 
[insert first relevant reference 
interest rate (including its 
term)] 
zweiter Referenzzinssatz 
[zweiten relevanten Referenz-
zinssatz (einschließlich Lauf-
zeit) einfügen]  
second Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
relevant 
reference 
interest rate (including its 
term)] 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar 
ist, auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
[EURIBOR] 
[STIBOR] 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest 
Periods to which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert 
relevant 
reference 
interest 
rate 
[EURIBOR] 
[STIBOR] (including its term)] 
 
EURIBOR anwendbar 
 
EURIBOR applicable 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Ta-
geszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
([Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time)

--- Page 133 ---
127 
 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
relevant 
reference 
interest rate (including its 
term)] 
 
STIBOR anwendbar 
 
STIBOR applicable 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] 
[zweiter] 
[andere 
relevante Zahl von Tagen 
einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] 
[vor 
[Beginn] 
[Ende]] 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] [second] [insert other 
relevant number of days] 
[day] [Business Day] [prior to 
the [commencement] [end]] of 
the relevant Interest Period 
 
SONIA anwenbar 
SONIA applicable 
 
 
SOFR anwenbar 
SOFR applicable 
 
 
€STR anwenbar 
€STR applicable 
 
 
Anderer Overnight-Referenzsatz anwenbar 
 
 
Other overnight reference rate applicable 
[maßgeblicher Overnight-
Referenzzinssatz]  
[insert relevant overnight 
reference interest rate] 
Rundung  
 
 
Rounding 
[fünf] Dezimalstellen und 
[0,000005]% werden 
aufgerundet  
[fith] decimal place with 
[0.000005]% being rounded 
upwards 
Beobachtungsmethode  
 
Observation Method 
[Nachlauf][Beobachtungs-
verschiebung]  
[Lag][Observation Shift]

--- Page 134 ---
128 
 
"D", die Anzahl der Tage im Jahr, die für die Berechnung 
des Zinssatzes verwendet wird  
“D”, the number of days in the year used for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest 
[360[[365][   ] 
 
[360[[365][   ] 
“p” 
“p” 
[Anzahl einfügen der] 
Geschäftstag[e] 
[insert number of] Business 
Day[s] 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[London] [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Commerical banks and foreign exchange markets 
in [London] [insert all relevant financial 
centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
Marge 
Margin 
 
 
Marge, die sich nicht ändert 
Margin, which does not change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
Marge, die sich ändert 
Margin, which does change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [] 
% 
per 
annum] 
[weitere 
Perioden und Prozentsätze 
einfügen] 
[from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [insert 
date] [] per cent. per annum] 
[insert further periods and 
percentages] 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [] 
% 
per 
annum] 
[weitere 
Perioden und Prozentsätze 
einfügen] 
[from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [insert 
date] [] per cent. per annum] 
[insert further periods and 
percentages]

--- Page 135 ---
129 
 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
[relevanten 
Informationsanbieter 
einfügen]  
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen Page] 
[insert relevant information 
vendor]  
Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
Fall-back provisions 
 
Referenzbanken 
[[] [vier] [andere relevante 
Zahl einfügen] Großbanken im 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[der Euro-Zone]] [Namen der 
Referenzbanken einfügen] 
Reference Banks 
[[] 
[four] 
[insert 
other 
relevant number] major banks 
in the [London] [insert other 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
interbank market [of the Euro-
zone]] 
[Insert 
names 
of 
Reference Banks] 
 
Interbanken-Markt 
[London] [Euro-Zone] [anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbank market 
[London] [Euro-zone] [insert 
other 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] [Londoner] [ander-
es relevantes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time 
Einstellungsereignis 
Discontinuation Event 
 
Zeitraum zur Emittlung eines Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz 
Period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate 
[30] [●] Tagen 
[30] [●] days 
Zeitraum zur Bestellung eines unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
Period to appoint an independent expert 
[30] [●] Tagen 
 
[30] [●] days 
Rückzahlungsdatum 
 
 
 
 
Redemption date  
nicht weniger als [Anzahl der 
Tage/Target-Geschäftstage] 
[Tage] [Target-Geschäftstage] 
nach dem Datum, an dem die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin an die 
Gläubiger erfolgt ist 
not be less than [number of 
days/TARGET 
Business 
Days] 
[days] 
[TARGET 
Business Days] after the date 
on which the Issuer gave notice 
to the Holders

--- Page 136 ---
130 
 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz  
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz9 
Minimum Rate of Interest10 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum]1112 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
[Feststellungstermin[e]13 
[] in jedem Kalenderjahr (jeder 
[Datum einfügen]) 
Determination Date[s]14 
[] per each calendar year 
(each [insert date])] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 oder/or 360/360 oder/or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 oder/or Eurobond Basis 
 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Zahltag 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention15 
Modified Following Business Day Convention16 
 
 
FRN Convention17 
 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zinsperiode einfügen] 
 
FRN Convention18 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[months] 
[insert 
other 
specified Interest Period] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
                                                     
9 
Falls die EZB-Fähigkeit der Schuldverschreibungen angestrebt wird, sollte die anwendbare Leitlinie der EZB über die Umsetzung des 
geldpolitischen Handlungsrahmens des Eurosystems hinsichtlich etwaiger Anforderungen an die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen 
geprüft werden.   
10  If the Notes are intended to be Eurosystem eligible, the applicable Guideline of the ECB on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary 
policy framework should be checked with regard to any requirements relating to the interest rate structure of the Notes. 
11 
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
 
12  In the case of Fixed Rate Notes do not insert. 
13 
Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer langen oder kurzen ersten bzw. letzten Zinsperiode der Tag 
der Begebung bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. 
 
14  Insert the number of regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last interest period. 
15 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
16  Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
17 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
18  Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
131 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Commerical banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags 
[Angepasst] [Nicht angepasst] 
 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
Maturity Date 
[] 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat19 
Redemption Month20 
[] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Nennbetrag 
Principal Amount 
 
 
Festgelegter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Festgelegten Rückzahlungs-
betrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen, 
der 
nicht 
niedriger 
als 
der 
Nennbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibung sein darf] 
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
[insert 
Specified 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, which shall 
not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
[] 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] 
(Call) 
[] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
 
                                                     
19 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
20  Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
132 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[15 Tage] [andere Mindest-
kündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nie 
weniger 
als 
5 
Tage 
betragen darf]21 
Minimum Notice Period 
[15 
days] 
[insert 
other 
Minimum Notice Period which 
shall not be less than 5 
days]]22 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Make Whole) 23 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make Whole)24 
[Yes] [No] 
[Anwendbare Prämie 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] 
Applicable Premium 
[insert percentage rate] 
Benchmark-Rendite 
Die auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Rückzahlungsberechnungstag 
(Make Whole) um oder gegen 
[Uhrzeit 
einfügen] 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]) angezeigte Rendite 
der Referenzbenchmark. 
Benchmark Yield 
The 
yield 
of 
the 
Pricing 
Benchmark which appears on 
the Screen Page on the Call 
Redemption Calculation Date 
(Make Whole) at or about 
[insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time). 
Ausweichbestimmungen 
[relevante 
Emittentin 
einfügen] 
Fall-back Provisions 
[insert relevant issuer] 
Referenzbenchmark 
Den für die Preisfestsetzung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
herangezogene, auf [relevante 
Währung einfügen] lautende, 
Benchmarkschuldtitel 
[der] 
[des] 
[relevante 
Emittentin 
einfügen], d. h. die [Beschrei-
bung 
des 
relevanten 
Benchmarkschuldtitels einfü-
gen] (ISIN [relevanten Bench-
markschuldtitel einfügen]). 
Pricing Benchmark 
The [insert relevant currency] 
denominated benchmark debt 
security of [insert relevant 
issuer] used for pricing the 
Notes, 
being 
the 
[insert 
description of the relevant 
pricing 
benchmark] 
(ISIN 
[insert relevant benchmark]. 
                                                     
21 
Falls von den in den Bedingungen vorgeschlagenen Kündigungsfristen abweichende Kündigungsfristen gewählt werden, sollte die Emittentin 
die Auswirkungen auf die Informationsvermittlung durch Intermediäre (z.B. durch die Clearingsysteme) sowie auf die weiteren hiermit 
zusammenhängenden Benachrichtigungspflichten (z.B. zwischen der Emittentin und den Emissions- bzw. Zahlstellen) berücksichtigen. 
22  If notice periods are specified which are different from those suggested in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries (e.g. Clearing Systems), as well as any other notice requirements which may apply (e,g. 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal and the Paying Agents). 
23 
Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
24  Insert only in case of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 139 ---
133 
 
Bildschirmseite 
Die [relevanten Informations-
anbieter 
einfügen]-Seite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] [([sofern anwend-
bar, 
Einstellung 
einfügen: 
Einstellung "[Einstellung ein-
fügen]"] [sofern anwend-bar, 
Preisquelle einfügen: [und] 
[mit] 
der 
Preisquelle 
"[relevante 
Preisquelle 
einfügen]"])] oder eine andere 
Anzeigeseite, 
welche 
die 
Bildschirmseite bei dem von 
[relevanten 
Informations-
anbieter einfügen] betrieben-
en 
Dienst 
gegebenenfalls 
ersetzt. 
Screen Page 
[insert 
relevant 
service 
provider] 
page 
[insert 
relevant screen page] [([if 
applicable, 
insert 
setting: 
setting 
"[insert 
relevant 
setting]"] [if applicable, insert 
pricing source: [and] using the 
pricing source "[insert relevant 
pricing source]"])] or such 
other display page as may 
replace such Screen Page on 
the service provided by [insert 
relevant service provider]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months 
Par Call)  
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par 
Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount) 
[Yes] [No] 
Zurückgezahlte oder zurückgekaufte Schuldverschreibungen von 
[80] % [anderen relevanten 
Prozentsatz einfügen] oder 
mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Redeemed or repurchased Notes of 
[80] [insert other relevant 
percentage rate] per cent. or 
more of the aggregate principal 
amount 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
[relevanten 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[insert relevant percentage 
rate]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers (Put) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder (Put) 
[Yes] [No] 
[[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungstage] (Put) 
[] 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] 
(Put) 
[] 
Put Redemption Amount[s]

--- Page 140 ---
134 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[30 Tage] [andere Mindest-
kündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nie weniger als 15 Tage 
betragen darf]25 
Minimum Notice Period 
[30 
days] 
[insert 
other 
Minimum 
Notice 
Period, 
which shall never be less than 
15 days]26 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[60 Tage] [andere Höchstkün-
digungsfrist einfügen] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[60 
days] 
[insert 
other 
Maximum Notice Period]] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
Sonstiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[] 
Other Redemption Amount 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[,] [UND] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
FISCAL AGENT [[,] [AND] [PAYING AGENT[S]] [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
 
Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n] 
Paying agent[s] and [its] [their] specified office[s] 
[] 
 
Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle27 
Calculation Agent and its specified office28 
[] 
[Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle 
[]] 
Required location of Calculation Agent 
 
 
Name der relevanten Börse 
[relevanten Namen einfügen] 
 
Name of relevant stock exchange 
[insert relevant name] 
 
Sitz der relevanten Wertpapierbörse 
[relevantes Land einfügen] 
 
Location of relevant stock exchange 
[insert relevant country] 
[ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDER’S REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
 
Anwendbar 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Not applicable  
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
Appointment of a Joint Representative of the Holders 
 
 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger 
by majority resolution of the Holders  
 
 
in den Bedingungen 
[Namen 
und 
Anschrift 
einfügen] 
 
in the Conditions 
[insert name and address]] 
                                                     
25 
Falls von den in den Bedingungen vorgeschlagenen Kündigungsfristen abweichende Kündigungsfristen gewählt werden, sollte die Emittentin 
die Auswirkungen auf die Informationsvermittlung durch Intermediäre (z.B. durch die Clearingsysteme) sowie auf die weiteren hiermit 
zusammenhängenden Benachrichtigungspflichten (z.B. zwischen der Emittentin und den Emissions- bzw. Zahlstellen) berücksichtigen. 
26  If notice periods are specified which are different from those suggested in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries (e.g. Clearing Systems), as well as any other notice requirements which may apply (e,g. 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal and the Paying Agents). 
27 
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nur dann einfügen, wenn die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Wahl (Make 
Whole) vorzeitig zurückzahlen darf. 
28  In case of Fixed Rate Notes insert only in case the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at its option (make whole).

--- Page 141 ---
135 
 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13]) 
 
NOTICES (§ [13]) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einem geregelten Markt einer 
Börse zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock 
exchange 
 
 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
einer Börse zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes not admitted to trading on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange 
 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ [15])29 
 
LANGUAGE OF THE CONDITIONS (§ [15])30 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text bindend) 
German and English (German language binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (englischer Text bindend) 
German and English (English language binding)] 
 
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
English only 
 
                                                     
29 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. 
 
30  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.

--- Page 142 ---
136 
 
TEIL B: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
A. WICHTIGE ANGABEN 
 
A. KEY INFORMATION 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher oder juristischer Personen, die an der Emission beteiligt sind 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue  
 
[[Mit Ausnahme [der an [den] [die] Manager zu zahlenden Gebühren] [des] [der] wirtschaftlichen 
[Interesses] [Interessen] [des Managers] [der Manager]] [des von [] mit der Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangenen [Swapvertrags] [Derivate-
vertrags]] [haben die] [Die] an der Emission der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligten Personen 
[haben] – soweit die Emittentin hiervon Kenntnis hat – kein materielles Interesse an der Emission.] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
[[Save for [the fees payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interest[s] of the Manager[s]] 
[the [swap] [derivatives] agreement [] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to the Notes], 
so] [So] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the issue.] [specify details] 
 
Keine 
None 
Verwendung der Erträge31 
[Einzelheiten angeben]  
Use of Proceeds32 
[specify details] 
[Geschätzter Nettoerlös33 [([einschließlich aufgelaufener Zinsen in 
Höhe von [] [, aber]] [ausschließlich [Provisionen] [der geschätzten 
Gesamtkosten der Emission])] 
[] 
Estimated Net Proceeds34 [([including accrued interest in the amount of 
[] [,but]] [excluding [Commissions and Concessions] [the estimated 
total expenses of the issue])] 
 
[EZB-Fähigkeit der im NGN-Format zu begebenden Schuldverschreibungen beabsichtigt35 
Eurosystem Eligibility of the Notes to Be Issued in NGN Form Intended36 
Die Globalurkunden sollen in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden. 
 
The Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
 
 
Ja 
Yes 
"Ja" bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von der gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle (common safekeeper) der ICSDs verwahrt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom 
Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
"Yes" means that the Notes, after having been issued, will be held by a common safekeeper of 
the ICSDs. "Yes" does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
                                                     
31 
Siehe den Abschnitt mit der Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Falls der Nettoerlös nicht für die allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecke 
der Emittentin verwendet werden sollen, sind die Gründe für die Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen einzufügen.  
32  See the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If the net proceeds shall not be applied for general funding purposes of the 
Issuer insert the reasons for the issue of the Notes.  
33 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke vorgesehen sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungsszwecke darzustellen. 
 
34  If the proceeds are intended to be used for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. 
35  Nur auszufüllen für Schuldverschreibungen, die im NGN-Format begeben werden. 
  
36  To be completed only for Notes to be issued in NGN form.

--- Page 143 ---
137 
 
 
Nein  
No 
Auch wenn am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen die Angabe "Nein" lautet, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann, wenn sich die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems in der 
Zukunft dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen diese einhalten können, bei einem 
ICSD als gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common safekeeper) hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines 
von einem der ICSDs Beauftragten als gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common safekeeper) 
eingetragen) werden. Dies bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der 
Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
While the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
B. INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE ZUM HANDEL ZUZULASSENDEN SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
B. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
Security Codes 
 
 
ISIN  
[] 
ISIN  
 
 
Common Code 
[] 
Common Code 
 
 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[] 
German Security Code 
 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[] 
Any Other Security Code 
 
Handelstag 
[Datum einfügen] 
Trade Date 
[insert date] 
Emissionsrendite im Fall von Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit37 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[] % per 
annum] 
Issue Yield in Case of Redemption at Final Maturity38 
[Not applicable] [[] per cent. 
per annum] 
Vertretung der Gläubiger unter Angabe der die Gläubiger vertretenden 
Organisation und der für diese Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. 
Angabe des Ortes, an dem die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese 
Repräsentationsformen regeln, einsehen kann39 
[Gemäß § 11 Absatz (6) der 
Bedingungen 
können 
die 
Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer Rechte einen gemein-
samen 
Vertreter 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger bestimmen.] [Nicht 
anwendbar]  
Representation of the Holders including an identification of the 
organisation representing the Holders and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of where the public may have access to the 
contracts relating to these forms of representation40 
[Pursuant to § 11 (6) of the 
Conditions, the Holders may 
appoint a joint representative to 
exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] [Not 
applicable]  
                                                     
37   Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
38  Insert only in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
39   Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass gemäß § [11] der Bedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. 
40  Specify further details in case a Holder’s Representative will be appointed pursuant to § [11] of the Conditions.

--- Page 144 ---
138 
 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Billigungen, welche die Grundlage für 
die Schaffung/Emission der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Die 
Ermächtigung 
zur 
Emission 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen erfolgte gemäß 
Beschluss des Vorstands vom 
[] [und gemäß Beschluss des 
Aufsichtsrats 
vom 
[]].] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes 
will be created and/or issued 
[The issue of the Notes was 
authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Management of the 
Issuer dated [] [and by a 
resolution of the Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer dated []].] 
[specify details] 
 
 
C. ZULASSUNG[EN] ZUM HANDEL UND HANDELSMODALITÄTEN 
C. ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Zulassung[en] zum Handel 
Admission[s] to Trading 
 
 
Regulierter Markt "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
 
 
Sonstige Börse 
Other Stock Exchange 
[Namen der Börse einfügen] 
[insert 
name 
of 
Stock 
Exchange] 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung[en] 
[] 
Expected Date of Admission[s]  
[] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[] [(wird von den Managern 
gezahlt)]  
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
[] 
[(to 
be 
paid 
by 
the 
Managers)] 
D. ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
D. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
 
Rating[s] 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen haben] [Es wird erwartet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
[das 
folgende 
Rating] 
[die 
folgenden  
Ratings] [haben]41: 
[Rating(s) 
einfügen] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[The Notes have been] [It is expected that the Notes will be] rated as 
follows42: 
[Rating(s) to be inserted] [Not 
applicable] 
[Einzelheiten darüber einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen 
Union hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in ihrer geänderten Fassung, registriert ist (gemäß 
dem aktuellen Verzeichnis der registrierten Ratingagenturen, das auf der Internetseite der 
Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (www.esma.europa.eu) veröffentlicht ist) 
oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. 
Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is 
registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published 
on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant 
to Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, or has applied for registration.] 
                                                     
41   Falls die Schuldverschreibungen Einzelratings erhalten, sind diese Ratings zusammen mit einer kurzen Erklärung der Beudeutung des Ratings 
einzufügen.  
 
42  In case the Notes receive an individual ratings insert such ratings together with a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings.

--- Page 145 ---
139 
 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen  
 
Selling Restrictions  
 
 
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Retail Investoren43 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors44 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich45 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors46 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Third Party Information 
[Not applicable] 
[[Die oben aufgeführten Ratings wurden in der von der jeweils maßgeblichen Ratingagentur erhaltenen 
Form wiedergegeben] [[und] [relevante Informationen angeben] wurde[n] aus [relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] extrahiert]. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Angaben korrekt 
wiedergegeben wurden und nach Wissen der Emittentin und – soweit für sie aus den von [relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine Auslassungen beinhalten, die 
die wiedergegebenen Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden. Die Emittentin hat diese 
Angaben nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
[The ratings set out above have been sourced from each relevant rating agency] [[and] [specify relevant 
information] [has] [have] been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
 
[Die im Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den 
EURIBOR, der derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") bereitgestellt wird, oder den 
STIBOR, der derzeit von Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB ("FBS") bereitgestellt wird, berechnet werden. 
Zum Datum dieses Basisprospekts erscheint FBS nicht im Register der Verwalter und Benchmarks, das 
von der Europäischen Wertpapieraufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der Benchmark-
Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) erstellt und geführt wird. (die "Benchmark-Verordnung"), 
während EMMI darin aufgenommen wurde. 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is currently provided 
by European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") or STIBOR, which is currently provided by Financial 
Benchmarks Sweden AB ("FBS"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, FBS does not appear on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "Benchmark Regulation") while EMMI has been included therein.] 
 
Im Namen der Emittentin unterzeichnet 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
Uniper SE 
[Namen und Titel der Unterzeichnenden angeben] 
[specify names and titles of signatories] 
 
 
                                                     
43  "Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt im EWR erstellt wird. 
44  Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA. 
45  Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt in UK erstellt wird. 
46  Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK.

--- Page 146 ---
140 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Conditions may provide that the Holders may agree to amendments or decide on other matters 
relating to the Notes by way of majority resolution to be passed by taking votes without a meeting 
pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et seq. SchVG (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung). Any such resolution duly 
adopted by majority resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of 
Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour 
or against such resolution. 
Under the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), these rules are 
largely mandatory, although they permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or 
incorporated into the Conditions. 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their implementation and challenge 
before German courts. 
Specific Rules Regarding Votes without Meeting 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be 
(i) a notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the 
"Holders' Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited 
by the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
Such notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote 
based on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it 
is established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a 
meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating 
in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, he shall promptly publish the result. If 
the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform 
the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of 
such proceedings. 
Rules Regarding Holders' Meetings Applicable to Votes without Meeting 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of 
Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5 per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes 
so require for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. Attendance and 
exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
convening notice will provide what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The 
place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer's registered office, provided, 
however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the European Union or 
the European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock exchange.

--- Page 147 ---
141 
 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting 
out the proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less 
than 50% of the outstanding Notes participate in the vote. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting 
may be called at which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted 
by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more 
Global Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any 
resolutions passed by for such purpose by majority resolution the Holders are subject to the provisions 
of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set 
aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following 
the publication of the resolution.

--- Page 148 ---
142 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER   
 
1. Statutory auditors 
The Issuer’s independent auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, 
Moskauer Straße 19, 40227 Düsseldorf, Germany ("PwC") and was appointed as the statutory auditor 
of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. PwC 
audited the consolidated financial statements for the Issuer prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and issued in each case an 
unqualified 
auditor’s 
report 
(uneingeschränkter 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers). PwC is a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), with its registered office in Berlin.  
2. Selected financial information 
The selected financial information below was extracted to the figures from the audited, consolidated 
financial statements of Uniper SE as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
Investors should read the information below together with the consolidated financial statements of 
Uniper SE, including the notes and restatement remarks thereto, and the other financial information that 
is included elsewhere in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus. 
2.1. Selected balance sheet information 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
2019 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Non-current assets 
21,572 
23,732 
Current assets 
18,650 
20,024 
Total assets 
40,222 
43,756 
Equity 
11,188 
11,942 
Non-current liabilities 
11,056 
12,954 
Current liabilities 
17,977 
18,860 
Total equity and liabilities 
40,222 
43,756

--- Page 149 ---
143 
 
2.2. Selected consolidated income statement information  
 
Fiscal year ended  
31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
2019 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Sales 
50,968 
65,804 
Income/loss before financial results and taxes 
 
608 
922 
Net income/loss 
402 
644 
of which: Attributable to shareholders of Uniper SE 
397 
610 
Earnings per share (attributable to shareholders of Uniper SE) - 
basic and diluted in € 
1.08 
1.67 
 
2.3. Selected information from the consolidated statements of cash flows  
 
Fiscal year ended  
31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
2019 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Cash provided by operating activities (operating cash flow) 
1,241 
932 
Cash provided by investing activities  
-1,128 
220 
Cash provided by financing activities 
-679 
-1,477 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
-566 
-326 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period  
243 
825 
 
2.4. Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
The Base Prospectus also uses the following alternative performance measures, not defined by 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), to describe Uniper's results of operations. 
Certain terms used in the Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the tables such as 
Adjusted EBIT, EBIT, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Economic Net Debt and Debt Factor are 
not recognised financial measures under IFRS ("Non-GAAP Financial Measures") and may therefore 
not be considered as a substitute to the financial measures in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles (GAAP). The Issuer has provided these Non-GAAP Financial Measures as 
additional alternative performance measures (“APM”) and other information in this Base Prospectus 
because it believes they provide investors with additional information to assess the economic situation 
of Uniper’s business activities. The detailed definition of the Non-GAAP Financial Measures may vary 
from the definition of identically named Non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures used by the Issuer should not be considered as a substitute for 
measures derived in accordance with IFRS such as revenue or net income/loss (measures of operating

--- Page 150 ---
144 
 
performance), cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations (measure of liquidity), 
current or non-current liabilities (measure of indebtedness), and others. These Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures are an additional source of information to accompany the analysis of results as reported under 
IFRS. 
For definitions, further explanations, and reconciliation of Uniper’s Non-GAAP Financial Measures, 
please see below. 
Adjusted EBIT, a measure of earnings before interest and taxes adjusted for non-operating effects, is 
the key measure in Uniper Group for purposes of internal management control and as the most 
important indicator of the profitability of its operations. 
Unadjusted earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) represents Uniper Group’s income/loss before 
financial results and taxes in accordance with IFRS with net income/loss from equity investments added 
back. Unadjusted EBIT is adjusted for certain non-operating effects (see the table below) in order to 
increase its meaningfulness as an indicator of the operating performance of Uniper’s business.

--- Page 151 ---
145 
 
Adjustment  
Explanation 
Income statement items 
Certain book gains/losses 
 Sum of book gains and 
losses from disposals 
Other operating income and 
expenses 
Gains and losses from the fair 
value 
measurement 
of 
derivative financial instruments 
used in hedges 
 Hedges entered into as part 
of 
the 
energy 
trading 
business 
 No impact on adjusted EBIT 
until realisation 
Other operating income and 
expenses 
Certain effects resulting from 
the measurement of physically 
settled contracts within the 
scope of IFRS 9, which are 
measured at the market price at 
physical settlement instead of 
the contractually hedged price  
 According 
to 
IFRS 
IC, 
physically 
settled 
forward 
purchases or sales must be 
realized at the market price 
applicable at the time of 
physical settlement, i.e. they 
must be accounted for like 
physical spot contracts with a 
financial 
hedge 
and 
the 
hedged margin must be 
realized 
in 
EBIT 
before 
physical settlement. 
 As a result, revenues and 
cost of materials are not 
measured 
at 
the 
contractually agreed prices. 
 Adjustment of EBIT by the 
difference 
between 
the 
economically 
and 
contractually 
hedged 
contract price and the spot 
price on the settlement date 
that is relevant for income 
and 
expense 
recognition 
under IFRS. 
Revenues/cost of materials 
Expenses for (and income 
from) restructuring and cost-
management programs  
 Additional expenses and 
income that are not directly 
attributable to the operating 
business 
Various income statement 
items 
Impairment charges/reversals 
in the context of impairment 
tests 
Based on: 
 Non-current assets 
 Companies accounted for 
under the equity method 
 Other financial assets 
 Goodwill 
Various income statement 
items 
Other contributions to non-
operating earnings 
 Unique or rare in nature 
 Depending on the particular 
case, such income and 
expenses may affect 
different line items in the 
income statement 
Various income statement 
items

--- Page 152 ---
146 
 
Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, 
including reversals, adjusted for non-operating effects. It describes Uniper’s operating performance 
independently of amortization and depreciation of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment as 
well as right-of-use assets and any impairments/reversals of impairments on the aforementioned assets.  
Adjusted net income is an additional internal management indicator and is a further key indicator of the 
after-tax and financial result profitability of Uniper Group’s operations – one that also takes into account 
important income and expense components that are not included in adjusted EBIT but aggregated as 
economic interest and tax result – as well as for determining the variable compensation of the 
Management Board and of all executive personnel, non-pay-scale employees, and pay-scale 
employees. 
Unadjusted net income is earnings after financial results and income taxes. To focus this indicator on 
the operating business and increase its meaningfulness, unadjusted net income is adjusted for certain 
non-operating effects. 
The starting point for these further adjustments is the adjusted EBIT, which is adjusted for the following 
selected non-operating items: 
 
Net non-operating interest income 
 
Other financial results 
 
Income taxes on non-operating earnings 
 
Non-controlling interests in non-operating earnings 
Included in other financial results are effects such as measurement effects from changes in the fair value 
of securities and of the KAF (the Swedish Nuclear Waste Fund; “Kärnavfallsfonden”). Not being a 
component of adjusted EBIT, other financial results are added back to adjusted EBIT in a first step to 
determine adjusted net income, together with net interest income, so that all earnings components of 
the income statement are also shown in the reconciliation to adjusted net income. They are then 
eliminated in a second step, together with non-operating interest expense and income. Other financial 
results thus have no effect on adjusted net income. Non-operating interest effects include, for example, 
interest on provisions financed through the KAF, which are eliminated correspondingly with other 
financial results. Also eliminated are measurement effects on liabilities to minority shareholders. The 
adjustments additionally include, among other things, the related income taxes, and the overall result is 
adjusted net income. 
Economic Net Debt ("END") is a measure to manage Uniper Group’s capital structure. It consists of the 
net financial position which is calculated as a balance of cash and cash equivalents, current and non-
current securities and margining receivables, and of financial liabilities and liabilities from leases, 
including among others financial liabilities to banks and margining liabilities, including financial liabilities 
to co-shareholders from shareholder loans. END further takes into account provisions for pensions and 
similar obligations and provisions for asset retirement obligations. Any assets allocated to these 
obligations (e.g., receivables from the Swedish Nuclear Waste Fund) are netted. 
Uniper measures its balance sheet stability particularly in a solid investment-grade rating of BBB and by 
a corresponding debt factor. The debt factor is defined as the ratio of current economic net debt to 
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted EBITDA). The BBB 
target rating can be translated into a debt factor of less than or equal to 2.5x.

--- Page 153 ---
147 
 
Adjusted EBIT(DA) 
 
Fiscal year ended  
31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
2019 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Income/Loss before financial results and taxes 
608 
922 
Net income/loss from equity investments 
-9 
-8 
EBIT 
599 
915 
Non-operating adjustments 
399 
-52 
Net book gains (-) / losses (+) 
10 
-7 
Impact of derivative financial instruments 
-570 
-1,228 
Adjustments of revenue and cost of materials from physically 
settled commodity derivatives to the contract price 
995 
448 
Restructuring / Cost-management expenses (+) / income (-)1  
65 
-50 
Miscellaneous other non-operating earnings 
-192 
-90 
Non-operating impairment charges (+) / reversals (-)2 
92 
874 
Adjusted EBIT 
998 
863 
Economic depreciation and amortization/reversals 
658 
698 
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,657 
1,561 
 
 
 
                                                     
1  
Expenses for (and income from) restructuring and cost management in the Global Commodities segment included 
depreciation and amortization of €5 million in fiscal year 2020 (2019: €11 million). 
2  
Non-operating impairment charges/reversals consist of non-operating impairment charges and reversals triggered by regular 
impairment tests. The total of the non-operating impairment charges/reversals and economic depreciation and 
amortization/reversals differs from depreciation, amortization and impairment charges reported in the income statement since 
the two items also include impairment charges on companies accounted for under the equity method and other financial 
assets; in addition, a small portion is included in restructuring / cost-management expenses and in miscellaneous other non-
operating earnings.

--- Page 154 ---
148 
 
Adjusted Net Income 
 
Fiscal year ended  
31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
20192 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Income/Loss before financial results and taxes 
608 
922 
Net income/loss from equity investments 
-9 
-8 
EBIT 
599 
915 
Non-operating adjustments 
399 
-52 
Adjusted EBIT 
998 
863 
Interest income/expense and other financial results 
-57 
44 
Non-operating interest expense and negative other financial 
results (+) / interest income and positive other financial results (-) 
97 
-27 
Operating interest income/expense and other financial results 
39 
18 
Income taxes 
-139 
-315 
Expense (+) / Income (-) resulting from income taxes on non-
operating earnings 
-86 
85 
Income taxes on operating earnings 
-226 
-230 
Less non-controlling interests in operating earnings 
-37 
-37 
Adjusted Net Income 
774 
614 
 
                                                     
2  
The comparative figures shown for the fiscal year 2019 are taken from the audited consolidated financial statements as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 155 ---
149 
 
Economic Net Debt 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
20193 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Cash and cash equivalents4 
243 
825 
Current securities 
46 
46 
Non-current securities 
98 
100 
Margining receivables6 
835 
336 
Financial liabilities and liabilities from leases 
1,743 
1,935 
Bonds 
- 
- 
Commercial paper 
65 
- 
Liabilities to banks 
259 
120 
Lease liabilities 
761 
817 
Margining liabilities 
193 
499 
Liabilities to co-shareholders from shareholder loans 
378 
396 
Other financing 
87 
102 
Net financial position 
520 
628 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
1,371 
1,031 
Provisions for asset retirement obligations5 
1,223 
991 
Other asset retirement obligations 
802 
754 
Asset retirement obligations for Swedish nuclear power plants6 
2,916 
2,557 
Receivables from the Swedish Nuclear Waste Fund recognized 
on the balance sheet8 
2,495 
2,320 
Economic Net Debt 
3,113 
2,650 
                                                     
3  
The comparative figures shown for the fiscal year 2019 are taken from the audited consolidated financial statements as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2020. The reconciliation of Economic Net Debt and Net financial position as of 
31 December 2019, has been aligned for consistency and presentation purposes to be in line with 2020. 
4  
Comparative figures adjusted (margins increased and liquid funds decreased). 
5  
Reduced by receivables from the Swedish Nuclear Waste Fund. 
6  
Due to IFRS valuation rules (IFRIC 5), €223 million (31 December 2019: €291 million) of Uniper’s share of the fair value of 
the net assets of the Swedish Nuclear Waste Fund may not be capitalized on the balance sheet. Accordingly, there exists an 
additional receivable from the Swedish Nuclear Waste Fund ineligible for recognition on the balance sheet, and the economic 
net obligation for the decommissioning of the Swedish nuclear power plants is thus reported too high in the table by the 
amount of this receivable.

--- Page 156 ---
150 
 
Debt Factor 
 
Fiscal year ended  
31 December 
2020 
(audited) 
2019 
(audited) 
€ in million 
Economic Net Debt 
3,113 
2,650 
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,657 
1,561 
Debt Factor 
1.9 
1.7 
3. Rating 
Uniper is currently rated by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”)7 and by Scope Ratings GmbH 
(“Scope”)8. 
On 31 August 2020, S&P has affirmed Uniper’s rating at BBB9, with a negative outlook. The negative 
outlook reflects the negative outlook on the BBB rating of Uniper’s major shareholder Fortum Oyj, which 
serves as a cap for Uniper’s rating. According to S&P, the negative outlook indicates risks related to 
Fortum group’s ability to maintain sufficient financial strength for the assigned rating level of BBB. S&P 
assesses Uniper’s business risk profile as ‘Satisfactory’ and its financial risk profile as ‘Modest’. 
Uniper holds a long-term corporate rating from Scope of BBB+9. The rating was confirmed on 25 May 
2020 with a stable outlook. Scope’s rating assessment reflects the agency’s view that the issuer rating 
remains constrained by Uniper’s business risk profile (‘BBB-’) but supported by its strong financial risk 
profile (‘A’). 
4. General information on Uniper SE 
The Issuer was founded in 1917 as Innwerk, Bayerische Aluminium AG with its registered office in 
Munich. Following its reorganisation as a German limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit 
beschränkter Haftung, GmbH) and several name changes, it operated under the name E.ON Kraftwerke 
GmbH until 18 December 2015. In preparation of Uniper Group`s spin off from E.ON group, it was again 
converted into the legal form of German Stock Corporation (Aktiengesellschaft, AG) and renamed 
Uniper AG. It was then converted in the legal form of a European Company (Societas Europaea, “SE”) 
and received its current name Uniper SE. Uniper SE and its subsidiaries began their operating business 
under the name of Uniper on 1 January 2016. On 9 September 2016, all of the shares in Uniper 
Beteiligungs GmbH were spun off from E.ON SE to Uniper SE and the shares of Uniper SE were 
admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Trading of the shares of the Issuer started on 
12 September 2016. 
                                                     
7 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a Dublin-based Irish company is registered with the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(the “ESMA”) as a credit rating agency (“CRA”) under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Under the Regulation and related legislation, credit ratings 
issued or endorsed by ESMA-registered CRAs may be usable in the EU for certain regulatory purposes. ESMA publishes on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following 
such update. For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
8 
Scope Ratings GmbH is a European rating agency based in Germany and registered with the ESMA. It is governed by the CRA Regulation. All 
credit rating agencies that have been registered or certified according to the CRA Regulation are also listed on the ESMA website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official 
Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
9 
A BBB-rating from Standard & Poor’s as well as Scope means that the obligor has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitments. The ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing 
within the major rating categories. A rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate term 
(typically six months to two years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in the economic and/or fundamental 
business conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a rating change or future CreditWatch action.

--- Page 157 ---
151 
 
4.1. Name, registered office, shares, fiscal year and term of the issuer 
The Issuer is organised as a European stock company (SE) under German and European law. It is 
registered under the name "Uniper SE" with the commercial register of the Local Court of Düsseldorf 
under registration number HRB 77425. The Issuer’s business address is Holzstraße 6, 40221 
Düsseldorf, Germany; the telephone number is +49 211 4579-0. The entities of Uniper group (the 
“Uniper Group” or “Group”) primarily do business under the commercial name “Uniper". In addition, the 
commercial name "Unipro" is used in Russia. The Issuer’s fiscal year ends on 31 December of a given 
calendar year. The Issuer has been established for an indefinite term. 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.uniper.energy/. All information on the Issuer’s website does not form 
part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorparted by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
4.2. Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier (“LEI“) of the Issuer is: 549300UXRTWGIBZQ4J67  
5. Business overview  
5.1. Business model, business segments and strategy 
The Issuer is the holding company of Uniper Group, which is an international energy company with 
operations in more than 40 countries and some 11,751 employees. Its business is the secure provision 
of energy and related services (primarily electricity and gas). The corporate headquarters are based in 
Düsseldorf, Germany. 
Uniper Group consists of three operating business segments: (i) European Generation, (ii) Global 
Commodities and (iii) Russian Power Generation. Principal markets of the Group include Germany, the 
United Kingdom, Sweden, Russia and the Benelux countries. Certain administration functions as well 
as group functions which are required to be carried out at Group level are combined and performed 
centrally across these segments (classified under “Administration/Consolidation”). 
Climate change is one of the biggest challenges of today’s world. To overcome it, countries set targets 
to reduce emissions to reach the goals of the Paris agreement. Globally, 189 countries ratified or 
otherwise joined the agreement. In early 2020, the European Parliament approved a resolution 
increasing the EU’s climate ambition and aiming to reduce CO2 emissions by 55% by 2030 and reach 
climate neutrality by 2050.  
While more than 60% of the generation capacity in Uniper’s diversified power generation portfolio is 
stemming from low or CO2 free sources (incl. hydro, nuclear or gas-fired plants), Uniper strives to 
contribute to a more sustainable and decarbonized world and sees its purpose as to empower energy 
evolution. In March 2020, Uniper announced a new strategy which foresees gradual transformation into 
a greener company, while continuing to maximize Uniper’s value.  
With the new strategy, Uniper is committed to become carbon neutral by 2050. This includes Scope 1, 
Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions10. Following the announcement of the new strategy, 
Uniper detailed out its transition agenda for each of its reporting segments – European Generation, 
Global Commodities, and Russian Power Generation – and started strategy implementation. 
In 2020, Uniper’s direct carbon emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels for power and heat 
generation (operational control approach) declined by 9 % to 42.6 million metric tons (2019: 47 million 
metric tons). This was mainly due to a reduction in output from coal-fired assets in Russia and the United 
Kingdom. 
                                                     
10 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) as defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, a multi-stakeholder partnership 
that establishes comprehensive global standardized frameworks to measure and manage GHG emissions from private and public sector 
operations, value chains and mitigation actions. These definitions are widely used by companies across sectors and geographies to account 
for and report on their GHG emissions. Scope 1 emissions are defined as direct emissions from company-owned and controlled resources, 
whereas Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity, steam, heat and cooling. Scope 3 emissions 
are the result of activities from assets not owned or controlled by the reporting company, but that the reporting company indirectly impacts in its 
value chain, like emissions from transportation and distribution.

--- Page 158 ---
152 
 
Uniper has set a Group-wide annual average carbon intensity threshold to remain below 500 grams of 
carbon dioxide per kWh for the period 2018 to 2020. Uniper’s average carbon intensity for the period 
beginning of 2018 to end of 2020 declined to 467 grams of carbon dioxide per kWh (2020: 453 g/kWh, 
2019: 445 g/kWh, 2018: 499 g/kWh), consistent with the company target. Uniper is committed to 
optimizing its carbon-monitoring processes and investing in asset improvement and innovation projects 
to help meet its carbon intensity threshold. 
In order to grow its business while achieving its carbon-neutrality targets, Uniper allocates €1.5 billion 
over the next three years for investing in new CO2-efficient revenue streams. 
5.1.1. European Generation segment 
The European Generation segment comprises the various facilities for generating power and heat that 
Uniper Group operates in Europe. In addition to fossil-fuel power plants (coal, gas, oil and combined 
gas-and-steam power plants) and hydroelectric power plants, these generation facilities also include 
nuclear power plants in Sweden. 
In the European Generation segment, Uniper is committed to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by at 
least 50% by 2030 compared to 2019. Furthermore, Uniper aims to reach carbon neutrality (Scope 1 
and 2 emissions) in the European Generation by 2035. 5 GW of carbon-free hydro generation in 
Germany and Sweden as well as nuclear generation in Sweden represent a backbone of Uniper’s future 
generation portfolio. The path to reach the decarbonization goals comprises mainly a clearly defined 
coal exit strategy and decarbonization of the gas-fired generation fleet. Uniper currently owns and 
operates nearly 7.5 GW of coal-fired capacity in Europe. In Germany, Uniper is actively managing the 
coal exit. In early 2020, Uniper presented a shutdown plan for its hard-coal-fired power plants, which 
will save up to 18 million tons of CO2 per year. The decision to submit a bid for Heyden 4 hard-coal-
fired power plant (875 MW) in the first coal generation shutdown tender was the first step taken. The 
plant ceased commercial electricity production at the end of 2020.  
The plan also outlines the intention to close the hard-coal-fired plants of Scholven (760 MW) and 
Wilhelmshaven (757 MW) by latest year-end 2022, and Staudinger 5 (510 MW) by 2025 at the latest. In 
2020, Uniper also signed an agreement to sell its 58% stake in the Schkopau lignite-fired power plant 
(900 MW) by October 2021. Uniper’s last coal-fired power plant in Germany, Datteln 4, will remain in 
operation until 2038 due to its modern and efficient technology.  
In the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, Uniper will follow the national coal exit plans, closing 
Ratcliffe (2,000 MW) by 2025 and Maasvlakte 3 (1,070 MW) by 2029, respectively.  
In gas-fired generation, Uniper owns and operates power plants in Germany, the Netherlands, the United 
Kingdom, Sweden and Hungary with a total capacity of approximately 8.5 GW. To reach the 2035 
carbon-neutrality target, Uniper started working jointly with General Electric and Siemens Energy on 
alternatives to reduce the CO2 footprint of these assets. The joint work includes, for example, 
assessment of viability of using hydrogen in gas turbines and compressors. Besides that, Uniper is 
assessing the feasibility of carbon capture and storage (CCS) and carbon capture and utilization (CCU) 
as potential contributors to reaching the 2035 target. 
In response to market demand, Uniper continues to develop its sites and assets. This includes 
transforming the power plant locations affected by closures in the future. One such example is the 
Scholven site, where Uniper has already started to construct a new combined heat and power plant 
(CHP) – scheduled for commissioning at the end of 2022 – which will replace the existing coal-fired plant 
and supply electricity, heat and steam to an industrial cluster nearby as part of Uniper’s Industrial 
Customer Solutions business. Building on the existing expertise within Uniper Group, this business area, 
which is essentially independent of wholesale prices, has already been systematically expanded in 
2019. Other examples include development of sites to provide data center hubs. With these solutions, 
Uniper aims to support industrial customers in reducing their own carbon footprint. Furthermore, Uniper 
will develop up to 1 GW of renewable power on and around its sites by 2025. 
Uniper provides security of supply to individual customers and broader energy systems and is, by 
consequence, an enabler of the European renewables build-out. Due to the increasing share of 
intermittent renewable energy, transmission system operators (“TSO”) face challenges to maintain the 
balance in the electricity grid. Uniper supports TSOs to address these challenges and ensure security

--- Page 159 ---
153 
 
of supply. In response to the TSO demand for grid services in Germany, Uniper is constructing a new 
gas-fired power plant, Irsching 6 (300 MW), which is expected to be commissioned in the last quarter of 
2022. In the UK, Uniper was awarded four six-year contracts to deliver innovative grid stability services 
in Killingholme and Grain starting from 2021. Finally, Uniper together with partners will be offering a new 
solution for grid stability in Sweden based on large-scale batteries at hydro power plants, helping the 
Swedish TSO to control frequency deviations in the system. The first hydro battery projects have been 
implemented at the hydro power plants of Edsele (6 MW) and Lövön (9 MW). 
The installed net generation capacity for plants in operation at end of 2020 (thereby excluding capacities 
from Hydro long-term contracts in Austria of 514 MW) of Uniper amounts to about 24.6 GW, thereof (in 
GW) 10.7 in Germany, 6.4 in the United Kingdom, 5.4 in Sweden, 1.6 in the Netherlands and 0.4 in 
Hungary. The split in GW by fuel types (thereby excluding capacities from long-term contracts for hydro 
generation in Austria of 514 MW) in 2020 was as follows: Gas (in GW) 8.5, Coal 7.5, Hydro 3.7, Nuclear 
2.0 and others 2.8. The split of electricity production by technology in TWh in 2020 was as follows: Coal 
13.5, Gas 15.8, Hydro 13.7, and Nuclear 11.5. 
The majority of the generated energy is sold to the Global Commodities segment, which is responsible 
for the marketing and sale of the energy to major customers via the trading markets and its own sales 
organisation. 
Within the European Generation segment, Uniper generates non-wholesale earnings (which include 
income from regulated sources which are largely determined by underlying cost base due to legally 
binding requirements and income from quasi-regulated sources where the price and / or volume is set 
by law or individual pricing arrangements for the medium – to long-term forward curve) in particular: 
 
in Germany by way of long-term contracted generation and capacity sales contracts, e.g. for 
electricity and heat, to industrial clients with revenues based on costs, hydro feed-in tariffs 
(< 5MW) and ancillary services for the TSO, 
 
in the Netherlands by way of long-term contracted generation and capacity sales contracts, e.g. 
for heat, 
 
in Sweden by way of regulated income from ancillary services to the TSO, and 
 
in the United Kingdom by way of regulated income from capacity markets. 
Within its wholesale merchant business (which is related to income sources exposed to fluctuating 
market prices), Uniper follows a hedging strategy subject to market conditions. 
In addition to the power plant business, this segment is also engaged in the marketing of energy services 
ranging from fuel procurement and engineering to operational and maintenance services to trading 
services (under the “Energy Services” brand). 
5.1.2. Global Commodities segment 
The Global Commodities segment bundles the energy trading activities and forms the commercial 
interface between Uniper Group and the global wholesale markets for energy as well as the major 
customers. Within this segment, the fuels required for power generation (mainly coal and gas) are 
procured, emission allowances are traded, the electricity produced is marketed and the portfolio is 
optimised by managing the use of the power plants. 
This segment runs businesses across the whole gas value chain: 
 
Supply portfolio: Uniper’s gas business is engaged in the supply of gas to industrial and 
municipal-utility customers and in the importation of gas from various sources. In that 
respect, Uniper procured about 2,200 TWh from domestic and foreign producers 
(thereof about 400 TWh are contracted long-term with flexible time and volume as well 
as market-reflective pricing conditions).  
 
Infrastructure shareholdings and bookings: Uniper’s gas business is engaged in (1) the 
regasification business (from shareholdings and long-term capacity bookings in 
Liquified Natural Gas (“LNG”) regasification terminals (e.g. Gate terminal in the

--- Page 160 ---
154 
 
Netherlands and Grain in the United Kingdom); (2) from shareholdings in major 
European transit pipelines (e.g. OPAL, Transitgas and BBL) and capacity bookings at 
European gas hubs and (3) storage business where Uniper is among the largest 
storage players in Europe with a flexible, diversified storage portfolio (in total about 7.6 
bcm of storage capacity across Germany, Austria and the United Kingdom). 
 
Gas sales: Uniper delivers to around 1,000 customers, mainly municipal utilities, 
industrials and power plants with gas, power and energy related services. In 2020, the 
gas sales amounted to about 2,200 TWh, thereof around 10% (depending on gas to 
power demand and temperatures) were contracted to traditional sales customers with 
specific demand patterns. 
Uniper also aims to reduce actively carbon emissions in the Global Commodities segment. In 2021, 
Uniper is planning to develop Scope 3 targets for its commodity trading business. Uniper also aims to 
sustain strong financial performance demonstrated in the recent years. 
Uniper is actively expanding its LNG business to benefit from the growing global trading activity. LNG is 
supposed to be one effective way to reduce carbon emissions in power generation systems outside 
Europe that are today still dominated by coal-fired power plants. In parallel, Uniper is aiming to actively 
reduce carbon emissions of natural gas-based businesses by exploring ways to decarbonize related up- 
and downstream emissions. For example, Uniper seeks to actively manage environmental impact – for 
example, methane leakage – of its LNG business across the full value chain. 
In addition to the newly established helium business, Uniper aims to apply its position as a leading gas 
player to implement the decarbonization agenda by adding new hydrogen and hydrogen-related 
commodities to its global business portfolio. For example, Germany put forward a plan to achieve 5 GW 
green hydrogen capacity by 2030, translating into approximately 14 TWh production. At the same time, 
Germany’s hydrogen demand in 2030 is expected to be 90-100 TWh. Accordingly, Uniper expects a 
significant gap and the resulting need for hydrogen imports. Besides the gas trading activities, Uniper 
sources green power. Uniper continues to grow the already well established long-term solar and wind 
Power Purchase Agreements (“PPA”) portfolio, reaching 5 TWh per annum by 2023. These long-term 
PPAs help renewables developers to realize their projects and enable Uniper to grow the renewables 
portfolio based on long-term contracts. 
Also, as most of Uniper’s customers strive to green their businesses as well, the growing renewables 
portfolio is one building block of the wholesale sales activities to support industrial companies in their 
decarbonization roadmaps. Structuring volatile power generation from renewable sources like wind and 
solar to the needs of industrial and commercial customers is one core competence of Uniper’s trading 
and wholesales sales business. 
5.1.3. Russian Power Generation segment 
The Russian Power Generation segment consists only of the operating power generation business of 
Uniper Group in Russia. PAO Unipro, a direct subsidiary in which Uniper SE holds a stake of 83.7% (as 
of 31 December 2020) and which is listed in Russia, is responsible for conducting all business in 
connection with power generation and associated activities in Russia. These include the procurement 
of the fuels needed for the power plants, the operation and management of the plants and the trading 
and sale of the energy produced. Unipro generates regulated (non-wholesale) income from Russian 
capacity markets under the CSA (capacity supply agreement) and KOM (competitive capacity selection) 
schemes. These streams of regulated income account for the majority of Unipro’s gross margin. 
With about 9.0 gigawatts (“GW”) net capacity in 2020 (split into following power plant locations (in GW): 
Surgutskaya 4.6, Berezovskaya 1.9 (Block 3 currently not operational after fire incident), Shaturskaya 
1.2, Yaivinskaya 0.8, Smolenskaya 0.5), PAO Unipro is among the largest privately-owned Russian 
generation companies. The split in GW by fuel types in Russia in 2020 was as follows: Gas (in GW) 7.1, 
and Coal 1.9. The split of electricity production by technology in TWh in 2020 was as follows: Gas 36.0, 
and Coal 4.0. Unipro accounts for approximately 5% of the Russian electricity production. 
In line with its target to become carbon neutral by 2050, Uniper aims at reducing carbon emissions in 
the Russian Power Generation segment, as well. To this end, Unipro is actively pursuing ways to 
modernize its portfolio. The transformation towards a more sustainable business is already under way.

--- Page 161 ---
155 
 
Unipro will make significant investments in modernization of three large units at the Surgutskaya power 
plant totaling 2.5 GW. Furthermore, Unipro received preliminary results of the latest round of 
modernization auctions where one additional unit at Surgutskaya-2 was selected for modernization. 
As the regulatory framework in Russia becomes more conducive for renewable energy sources, from 
2021 onwards Unipro will focus on exploring options to develop renewables under capacity scheme. 
5.1.4. New growth areas: hydrogen and renewables generation 
To achieve this transformation, Uniper will focus on two new growth areas: hydrogen and renewables 
generation. Uniper already has a considerable experience in operating hydrogen facilities as it was one 
of the first German energy utilities to produce green hydrogen based on electrolysis processes. 
Currently, Uniper’s hydrogen assets comprise the Falkenhagen and Hamburg-Reitbrook facilities, in 
operation since 2013 and 2015, respectively. Uniper has developed a vast pipeline of green hydrogen 
projects and in the next years will focus its efforts on realization of the pipeline. One example is a 25 
MW project in the south of Sweden, developed in cooperation with Fortum. On Uniper estimates, there 
will be a gap between the hydrogen demand and the volumes that will be supplied by green hydrogen 
facilities in Germany in 2030. This means hydrogen of other “colors” – and imports thereof – will be 
needed to satisfy the growing market demand. In this context, Uniper’s infrastructure and capabilities in 
origination, optimization, trading and risk management position the Issuer very well in the emerging 
hydrogen market. In the area of renewable power generation, Uniper intends to enter and expand the 
renewable generation business in parallel to the already existing Power Purchase Agreements. Uniper’s 
ambition is to develop a renewable asset portfolio of beyond 1 GW on and around its existing sites by 
2025 and to expand it to 3 GW in the years thereafter. Uniper cooperates with its majority shareholder 
Fortum to realize this development plan.  
In addition, innovation and the development of other, new and sustainable businesses play a key role in 
Uniper’s support for the transition to a low-carbon society, industry and economy. Uniper develops 
scalable business models in a variety of new areas, including flexible electricity supply and the recycling 
of carbon dioxide, which could be captured from the emissions of power plants or other industrial 
facilities, processed, and used as an alternative carbon source in a variety of industrial applications. 
Uniper has invested in several pilot projects to refine, scale up, and deploy such technologies on a 
commercial scale. Uniper has set a target of conducting, by 2022, at least 20 projects whose main aims 
include decarbonization. At year-end 2020, Uniper was working on 16 such projects, including e.g. large-
scale battery storage of generated electricity, power-to-gas facilities, and carbon capturing. 
6. Trend information and recent developments 
6.1. Trend information  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 
2020 to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
6.2. Recent developments and events  
In 8 February 2021, there was a fire in Unit 1 of the Franken power plant in the Gebersdorf district of 
Nuremberg. Units 1 and 2 of the power plant were shut down in response. The cause of the fire remains 
under investigation, and the damage assessment is not yet complete. Initial indications are that restoring 
the supply of district heating from Unit 1 will likely not be possible, given the necessary repairs. Uniper 
is therefore working on installing a 5-megawatt mobile heat-generating unit and related equipment on 
the power plant site, and on connecting that temporary unit to the district-heating system in order to 
provide an alternative supply of heat. 
The incident will have no material impact on the assets, financial condition and earnings of the Group.

--- Page 162 ---
156 
 
7. Management and supervisory bodies and corporate governance  
7.1. Overview 
The Issuer is incorporated as a SE. The governing bodies of the Issuer are the board of management 
(“Board of Management”, Vorstand), the supervisory board (“Supervisory Board”, Aufsichtsrat) and 
the shareholders meeting (“Shareholders’ Meeting”, Hauptversammlung). The Issuer has a two-tier 
corporate governance structure. The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board work 
independently of one another. A member of a SE’s Supervisory Board may not, in principle, be at the 
same time a member of its Board of Management. 
7.2. Board of Management 
7.2.1. General 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the Board of Management consists of at least two 
members. The exact number of members of the Board of Management is determined by the Supervisory 
Board. The Board of Management currently has four members. The Supervisory Board is responsible 
for appointing and dismissing members of the Board of Management. It may designate a member of the 
Board of Management to serve as chairman or speaker. Deputy members of the Board of Management 
may also be appointed. Members of the Board of Management are appointed for a maximum term of 
five years. They may be reappointed for a further term of five years in each case. 
The Board of Management of Uniper SE manages the Issuer in its own authority in accordance with the 
law, the provisions of the Articles of Association and other corporate by-laws and the rules of procedure 
for the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board, giving due consideration to the resolutions 
adopted at the Shareholders Meetings. 
The Board of Management determines and updates the Group’s business objectives, fundamental 
strategic orientation, corporate policies and organizational structure and represents the Issuer in 
transactions with third parties. 
7.2.2. Members of the Board of Management 
Currently, the Board of Management consists of 4 members: (i.) Andreas Schierenbeck - Chief Executive 
Officer ("CEO"), (ii.) Sascha Bibert - Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), (iii.) David Bryson - Chief Operating 
Officer ("COO") and (iv.) Niek den Hollander- Chief Commercial Officer ("CCO")11. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Sascha Bibert, David Bryson and Niek den Hollander do not 
hold mandates in external corporations or other legal entities outside of Uniper Group. 
Andreas Schierenbeck has the following external mandates as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
- 
Fr. Sauter AG (Member of the Supervisory Board) 
- 
Brasuro Consulting AG (Chairman of the Supervisory Board) 
The members of the Board of Management may be reached at Uniper’s business address at Holzstraße 
6, 40221 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany, (tel. +49 (0) 211-73275-0). 
                                                     
11  The appointment of Keith Martin as member of the Board of Management of Uniper SE ends with effect from 30 April 2020. 
By resolution of the Supervicory Board of Uniper SE on 27 January 2020 Nicolaas Hendrikus den Hollander has been 
appointed as successor to Keith Martin as member of the Board of Management for the period from 1 June 2020 to 31 May 
2023.

--- Page 163 ---
157 
 
7.3. Supervisory Board 
7.3.1. General 
The Supervisory Board consists of twelve members. Six members are elected by the Shareholders’ 
Meeting and six members are elected by the employees in accordance with the election procedures 
established in the agreement on employee participation in Uniper SE. Former Board of Management 
members are generally prohibited from serving on the Supervisory Board for a qualifying period of two 
years after leaving the Board of Management. This is designed to avoid conflicts of interest. However, 
an exception is made to this provision if the election to the Supervisory Board comes at the suggestion 
of shareholders who have more than 25% of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
The Supervisory Board has a quorum if all its members have been invited and at least 50% of its 
members participate in the adoption of the resolution. Unless a qualified majority is prescribed by law or 
the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board adopts its resolutions by simple majority of the votes 
cast. In the case of a tie vote, the Supervisory Board chairman, or in his absence the deputy chairman 
(provided he is a shareholder representative), has the casting vote. 
The Supervisory Board has to oversee the Board of Management in managing the Issuer. The 
Supervisory Board has the right to inspect and audit the Issuer’s books and records as well as its assets. 
The Board of Management is required to provide regular reports to the Supervisory Board, the scope of 
which is defined by law. 
7.3.2. Members of the Supervisory Board 
Name and title 
External mandates as of the date of the Base Prospectus 
Prof. Dr. Klaus-Dieter 
Maubach 
(Chairman) 
Fortum Oyj (Member of the Board, Member of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee), maubach.icp GmbH (Managing Partner), ABB 
Deutschland AG (Member of the Supervisory Board), Klöpfer & Königer 
GmbH & Co. KG (Chairman of the Supervisory Board) 
Markus Rauramo 
Fortum Corporation (Chief Executive Officer), Wärtsilä Oyj Abp (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board), Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (Member of the Board), 
Mentten Oy (Member of the Board), Vaka-säätiö sr (Member of the Board), 
Fortum Power and Heat Oy (Chairman of the Board), PAO Fortum 
(Chairman of the Board) 
Dr. Bernhard Günther 
Fortum Oyj (Chief Financial Officer), thyssenkrupp AG (Member of the 
Supervisory Board and Member of the Audit Committee) 
Prof. Dr. Werner 
Brinker 
Heinrich Gräper Holding GmbH & Co. KG (Chairman of the Advisory Board) 
Sirpa-Helena 
Sormunen 
Fortum Oyj (General Counsel), Fortum Deutschland SE (Member of the 
Supervisory Board), Fortum Finance Ireland DAC (Member of the the 
Board), PAO Fortum (Member of the Board), Nammo AS (Member of the 
Board) 
Tiina Tuomela 
Fortum Oyj (Executive Vice President Generation), Finish Energy (Member 
of the Board), Kemijoki Oy (Chairman of the Board), YIT Corporation 
(Member of the Board), Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (Member of the Board) 
Ingrid Marie Åsander  
Not applicable 
Oliver Biniek 
Not applicable 
Barbara Jagodzinski  
Not applicable 
Andre Muilwijk  
Not applicable

--- Page 164 ---
158 
 
Immo Schlepper 
ver.di (Head of regional department), EWE AG (Member of the 
Supervisory Board) 
Harald Seegatz 
ver.di Federal Expert Committee (Member of the Board) 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be reached at Uniper’s business address at Holzstraße 6, 
40221 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany, (tel. +49 (0) 211-73275-0). 
7.4. Management Board and Supervisory Board – Conflict of Interests 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, potential conflicts of interest exist for Markus Rauramo, Dr. 
Bernhard Günther, Prof. Dr. Klaus-Dieter Maubach, Sirpa Helena Sormunen and Tiina Tuomela due to 
their business relationships with the (indirect) majority shareholder Fortum Oyj. All other members of the 
Management Board and of the Supervisory Board do not have any conflicts of interest or potential 
conflicts of interests between any duties to Uniper Group and their private interests or their other duties. 
To avoid potential conflicts of interests controls are in place (i.e. voting bans); furthermore, shareholding 
members of the Management and the Supervisory Board do not vote with their shares (neither belonging 
directly to them nor controlled) for their own discharge in the general shareholders' meeting. 
8. Material contracts  
The following presents the agreements to which the Issuer or another company within Uniper Group is 
a party and which are of material importance to Uniper Group. 
8.1 Framework agreement 
On 18 April 2016, E.ON SE and the Issuer entered into a framework agreement, which is attached as 
an annex to the spin-off and transfer agreement concluded by the two companies. The framework 
agreement serves for the completion of the group-wide restructuring to create the two company divisions 
E.ON and Uniper below the level of E.ON SE. It contains complementary provisions on issues in 
connection with the establishment of the company divisions that have not yet been fully finalised. To the 
extent that any issues have already been finally settled by agreement between the parties, the 
framework agreement no longer applies. 
In principle, assets are deemed to be finally allocated if they were allocated to the Uniper company 
division or the E.ON company division or, at least temporarily, to both company divisions on 
1 January 2016. 
To the extent that collateral exists that was furnished by businesses of one company division for 
businesses of another company division, any such collateral must be redeemed in any case. In any 
event, the company providing collateral must – unless expressly provided otherwise – be indemnified 
by the parent company of the other company division with regard to any claims to the collateral being 
asserted. 
As many companies of Uniper Group were treated as part of the E.ON Group for tax purposes until 
31 December 2015, the intention is that the Issuer compensates E.ON SE for any relief in the tax burden 
reflected in the cash-flow that results from a subsequent increase in E.ON SE's tax assessment 
whenever a company within Uniper Group is subject to subsequent tax assessments for any fiscal year 
up to and including 2015 that have a direct impact on E.ON SE's tax position. This also applies 
analogously in the event of additional tax liabilities for the Issuer resulting from a subsequent reduction 
of E.ON SE's tax assessment; any such additional tax liabilities on the part of the Issuer must be 
compensated for by E.ON SE. 
Moreover, behavioral and compensation obligations exist in connection with fiscal unities not 
subsequently recognised by the tax administration and in connection with income-tax waiting periods 
that apply to the interests of Uniper Group companies and that would result in an increase in taxable 
income on the part of E.ON SE or another company within the E.ON Group if the waiting period was 
breached. In addition, there are behavioral, cooperation and information obligations connected with the 
preparation of tax returns and tax self-assessments and the filing of appeals and litigation before the 
finance courts.

--- Page 165 ---
159 
 
Any tax-related compensation claims can only be asserted, once a minimum threshold of € 1 million (tax 
base on a case-by-case basis) has been exceeded.  
Any claims under the framework agreement will lapse upon expiry as of 31 December 2026 
(the “General liability provision”). 
8.2 Financing agreements 
In 2018, the syndicated bank financing agreement (the “Facility”) of the Issuer was refinanced early at 
improved terms and conditions for an amount of €1.8 billion. The initial term of the credit line was five 
years (ending in 2023), extendable by a further year each under two extension options subject to the 
approval of the banks. After the successful execution of the first extension option in 2019, Uniper also 
exercised the second extension option for a further year until 2025, in September 2020. Furthermore, 
the facility amount may be increased by €0.5 billion at the discretion of the banks until maturity. The 
Facility serves Uniper as a general liquidity reserve and as a back-up facility for the Euro Commercial 
Paper Programme (as described below). As of 31 December 2020, the Facility was not drawn. 
In addition, Uniper maintains a Euro Commercial Paper Programme in an amount of €1.8 billion which 
enables the issuance of short-term debt. As of 31 December 2020, Uniper had €65 million in commercial 
paper outstanding. 
8.3 Settlement agreement between the Issuer and Management Board members or employees in 
the case of a Change-of-Control event 
In the event of a premature loss of a Management Board position due to a change-of-control event, the 
members of the Management Board are entitled to receive a settlement. 
The change of control clause stipulates that a change of control can take three forms: 
(i) a third party directly or indirectly acquires at least 30 per cent. of the Issuer’s voting rights, and thus 
reaches the control threshold under the German Securities Acquisition and Corporate Takeover Act 
(Wertpapierübernahmegesetz - “WpÜG”); (ii) Uniper SE, as a dependent entity, signs a corporate 
agreement; or (iii) Uniper SE is merged with another company pursuant to Sections 2 et seq. of the 
German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz - “UmwG”), unless the enterprise value of the other 
legal entity at the time of the decision by the transferring company amounts to less than 20 per cent. of 
the enterprise value of Uniper SE. The members of the Management Board appointed as of 2019 are 
entitled to a severance payment if the shares of Uniper SE are no longer admitted to a regulated market. 
Management Board members are entitled to a settlement payment if, within twelve months of the change 
of control, their service agreement is terminated by mutual consent or is terminated by them (in the latter 
case, however, only if their position on the Management Board is materially affected by the change of 
control). 
For Management Board members appointed from fiscal 2019 forward, the settlement payment due to a 
change of control consists of the base salary and target bonus (100%) and the target value (100%) of 
the long-term variable compensation for a period of two years from the early termination of the service 
agreement, but no longer than for the remaining term of the service agreement and, additionally, not 
beyond the month in which the Management Board member reaches the age of 62. 
9. Litigation  
A number of different court actions, arbitration proceedings and regulatory investigations and 
proceedings are currently pending against Uniper Group, and further actions or proceedings may be 
instituted or asserted in the future. In addition to disputes under public law, this in particular includes 
legal actions and proceedings on contract amendments and price adjustments initiated in response to 
market upheavals and the changed economic situation in the gas and electricity sectors (also as a 
consequence of the energy transition). 
These aforementioned proceedings include several court or arbitration proceedings with major 
customers and major suppliers, also initiated in some instances by Uniper Group, on contract 
amendments and price adjustments in long-term contracts for electricity and gas, and in certain cases 
for other commodities, as well as long-term bookings of storage capacity. In some of these cases, the 
content or the validity of the price clauses or the contracts in their entirety is being challenged. Long-

--- Page 166 ---
160 
 
term gas-procurement contracts generally include the option for producers and importers to adjust the 
terms in line with constantly changing market conditions. On this basis, Uniper continuously conducts 
extensive negotiations with producers. The possibility of further legal disputes cannot be excluded. 
Since 2019, a Uniper Group company is a party in arbitration proceedings regarding contract 
adjustments of an existing gas supply contract. As the arbitration proceedings and negotiations are 
ongoing, no material financial impact during the current fiscal year is expected.  
Further public-law disputes are pending in particular in connection with the real estate tax on hydro 
power in Sweden. 
10. Additional information  
10.1. Memorandum and Articles of Association 
On 30 August 2016, the Issuer’s general meeting adopted a resolution amending § 2 of the Articles of 
Association of the Issuer to the effect that the corporate purpose is the supply of energy (primarily 
electricity and gas) and that the Issuer’s activities may encompass the generating or gaining, transferring 
or transporting, acquiring, distributing, and trading energy. 
10.2. Share capital  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a share capital of € 622,132,000. The share 
capital is divided into 365,960,000 no-par value registered shares. The share capital has been fully paid 
up. 
The Board of Management is authorised, subject to the Supervisory Board’s consent, to increase the 
Issuer’s capital stock until 30 June 2021, by up to € 145,112,289 through the issue on one or more 
occasions of up to 85,360,170 new no-par-value registered shares against cash and/or non-cash 
contributions.  
In addition, the Board of Management is authorised, subject to the Supervisory Board’s consent, to issue 
debt instruments during the period up to 30 June 2021, having a total nominal value of up to 
€ 1,000,000,000 that, respectively, grant rights or impose obligations of conversion or purchase, in 
accordance with the relevant terms and conditions of the bonds and warrants, with respect to up to 
85,360,170 no-par-value registered shares of the Issuer, representing a pro-rata interest in its capital 
stock of up to € 145,112,289 in total, to or on the holders or creditors of the bonds or warrants. 
Pursuant to a resolution of 30 August 2016, the Issuer is authorised until 30 June 2021 to acquire 
treasury shares up to a total of 10% of the capital stock existing at the time the resolution was adopted. 
10.3 Major shareholders  
As of 17 August 2020, Fortum, through its subsidiary Fortum Deutschland SE, as the largest shareholder 
of Uniper Group, held, pursuant to the notification of voting rights (Stimmrechtsmitteilung), published by 
Uniper on 18 August 2020, voting rights corresponding to a total of 75.01 %. All voting rights are voting 
rights attached to shares.  
Overall, as of year-end 2020, the largest shareholder Fortum and institutional investors together 
represented the largest group of investors in Uniper SE with a share of approximately 90 %, whereas 
retail investors accounted for the remaining shareholding.

--- Page 167 ---
161 
 
10.4. Investments 
The following table provides an overview of principal future investments, on which the Issuer’s 
management bodies have already made firm commitments: 
Project 
Segment and 
location 
Planned and 
still 
outstanding 
investment 
volume 
Project 
launch 
Planned 
completion 
Sources of funds 
(in € million) 
Berezovskaya 
GRES TG 3 
International 
Power 
Generation, 
Russia 
around 4012 
2016 
Q2 2021 
Operating cash flow 
Datteln 4 
European 
Generation, 
Germany 
around 80 
2006 
May 2020 
Operating cash flow 
Irsching 6 
European 
Generation, 
Germany 
around 80 
2019 
Autumn 
2022 
Operating cash flow 
Nord Stream 
213 
 
Global 
Commodities, 
Germany and 
Russia 
- 14  
2016 
End of 
2021/2022 
Operating cash flow 
Scholven 
European 
Generation, 
Germany 
around 200 
2018 
End of 
2022 
Operating cash flow 
UK Grid 
Stability 
European 
Generation, 
United 
Kingdom 
around 60 
2020 
2021 
Operating cash flow 
                                                     
12  The outstanding investment amount as of the end of 2020 has been estimated to be RUB 7.4 billion. Therefore, depending on RUB/EUR 
exchange rates at the time when remaining investments will be carried out, the remaining investment amount in EUR is estimated to be around 
€36 million. 
13  The pipeline is to run across the Baltic Sea from Russia to Germany. 
14 
Uniper has provided financing commitments of up to €950 million to Nord Stream 2 AG. For about 30% of its financing commitment, Uniper has 
already provided a long-term funding facility of €285 million, which has been completely drawn down by Nord Stream 2 AG.

--- Page 168 ---
162 
 
In addition to above-mentioned projects, there will be further investments in the area of maintenance 
and servicing, as well as other essential investments in power plants and other assets. In terms of 
geographical distribution, Germany and Russia remain the focal point of the planned investment 
activities.  
10.5. Significant change in Uniper’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 169 ---
163 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for (a) the general funding of 
the Issuer or (b) direct or indirect on-lending to Group companies.

--- Page 170 ---
164 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER 
THE TAX LAWS OF LUXEMBOURG AND GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE 
RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE 
NOTES.

--- Page 171 ---
165 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
The Dealers have entered into a dealer agreement dated 17 March 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") as 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
1. General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Base Prospectus, no action has been or will be 
taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of 
Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they subscribe, purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it subscribes for, purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the subscription, purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such subscriptions, purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each issue of Notes the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that it has 
not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes constituting part of its allotment within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, (x) as part of its distribution 
at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the closing date. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented, warranted and 
undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and undertake that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its 
or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the 
Notes, neither it nor they have offered or sold Notes to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person, and it and they have complied with, and will comply with, the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the later of (i) the commencement of the offering and (ii) the issue 
date of the Notes, in each case an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer 
(whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
(b) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the 
Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the 
relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer the

--- Page 172 ---
166 
 
completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification or 
notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the 
distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and 
each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and undertake that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with 
respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written 
consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
The Notes may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
(e) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules"). 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, 
and during the 40-day restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has 
not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive 
Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes 
for purposes of resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer 
retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements 
of U. S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats 
and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) above on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate 
for the benefit of the purchaser of the Notes and the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U. S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
3. European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes

--- Page 173 ---
167 
 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may, make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017. 
4. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or  
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
b) 
the expression an “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
5. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom") 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU)

--- Page 174 ---
168 
 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Mortgage Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Mortgage Covered Bonds. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell the Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
6. Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for reoffering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 175 ---
169 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published previously or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) the published audited consolidated financial statements of Uniper SE as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the independent 
auditor’s report thereon; and 
(b) the published audited consolidated financial statements of Uniper SE as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the independent 
auditor’s report thereon. 
 
Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Page 
Section of Base 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
Pages 
 
 
1) Financial Statements 2020 
 
142-
162 
Description of 
the Issuer 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2020 
of Uniper SE  
Independent Auditor’s Report  
Consolidated Statement of Income 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and 
Expenses 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Notes 
 
 
127-244 
127-136 
137 
138 
139-140 
141 
142 
143-244 
 
 
 
The Issuer’s Financial Statements 2020 can be found on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100fc352cb76444dbd8a820ca9a3fc985d

--- Page 176 ---
170 
 
 
 2) Financial Statements 2019 
 
142-
162 
Description of 
the Issuer 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 
of Uniper SE  
Independent Auditor’s Report  
Consolidated Statement of Income 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and 
Expenses 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Notes 
 
 
124-236 
124-131 
132 
133 
134-135 
136 
137 
138-236 
 
 
The Issuer’s Financial Statements 2019 can be found on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1002ecaf32925444f192966de4e6e6a4dd 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the documents relating to the Issuer for the years 2020 and 
2019, respectively, which are not explicitly listed in the table above, are not incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. Information contained in such parts is either of no relevance for an investor 
or covered in other parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The documents set out above and the information contained therein and incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus will be obtainable free of charge during normal business hours from Uniper 
(Creditor Relations, Sven Miedek, Corporate Finance, creditor-relations@uniper.energy, Holzstraße 6, 
40221 Düsseldorf, Germany ) and will also be viewable on, and obtainable free of charge from, its 
website (www.ir.uniper.energy). For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, copies of all documents set out above will be obtainable free of charge during normal 
business hours from the Fiscal Agent (Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Securities Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60385 Frankfurt am Main, Germany).  
Electronic versions of all documents set out above will also be viewable on, and obtainable free of 
charge from, the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 177 ---
171 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which appear on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission 
(Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg"). Notes to be issued under the Programme may also be 
admitted to trading on the regulated markets of other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. 
Clearing Systems 
Notes may be cleared through either Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42, Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg) ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (Neue Börsenstraße 1, 60487 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany) ("CBF") or any other relevant Clearing System (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). The appropriate codes for each Tranche allocated by CBL, Euroclear and/or CBF will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms.  
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Management of Uniper SE on 
8 November 2016 and by the Supervisory Board of Uniper SE on 23 November 2016.  
Documents on Display 
As long as this Base Prospectus is valid, copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent for the time being in Frankfurt am Main: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer, 
available via the website ir.uniper.energy; 
(ii) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements of Uniper SE as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will 
be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue  
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, these Dealers 
and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and/or their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 178 ---
172 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
Uniper SE 
Holzstraße 6 
40221 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Str. 18 
80333 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 179 ---
173 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgärdsgatan 8 
10640 Stockholm 
Sweden  
 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Moskauer Straße 19 
40227 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Securities Services  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
To the Issuer 
In-house Legal Counsel 
Uniper SE 
Holzstraße 6 
40221 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany