--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2022 
 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
(a public company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory 
seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered address in Hilversum, the Netherlands) 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Universal Music Group N.V. (the “Issuer,” which expression shall include any Substituted Debtor (as 
defined in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the “Company” or “UMG” and, together with its 
subsidiaries, the “Group”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes,” which expression shall include Senior Notes 
and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). Subject 
as set out herein, the Notes will not be subject to any maximum maturity but will have, in the case of Senior Notes, 
a minimum maturity of one month. Any Senior Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months will not constitute a 
“security” for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), and the Prospectus Regulation does 
not require a prospectus to be published for the offer and sale of such Senior Notes. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer 
agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the relevant Dealer in respect of 
those Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the “AFM”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus or of 
the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date and shall expire on 16 June 2023, at the latest, in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”).  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
“Securities Act”) or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in any state or jurisdiction of 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities

--- Page 2 ---
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the Notes are only being offered and sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance upon Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. See Form of the Notes for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”), the administrator of EURIBOR, is included in European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) and the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). 
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The material risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 16 June 2022. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS  
 
Dealers  
 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities 
Citigroup  
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
MUFG 
Société Générale 
Corporate & 
Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
i 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 6 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 24 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................................ 28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 29 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................... 30 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................... 34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 46 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 74 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  .................................................................................................................................... 75 
LEGAL STRUCTURE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE .......................................................................... 82 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ 93 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 94 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT ............................................................................................ 96 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT)........................................................................ 97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 98 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 105

--- Page 4 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions of the Notes below shall have the 
same meanings in this overview.  
Issuer: 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
The Company’s statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The 
registered office address of the Company is ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 
EW Hilversum, the Netherlands. The telephone number of the Company 
is +31 (0) 88 62 61 500. The Company is registered with the trade register 
of the Chamber of Commerce of the Netherlands (Kamer van 
Koophandel) under number 81106661. 
LEI: 
724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18 
New Issuer: 
The Programme Agreement provides that, upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions precedent, a further issuer, being a subsidiary of the Issuer, 
may be joined as an issuer under the Programme. In such event, a new 
prospectus giving details of such new issuer will be prepared. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Société Générale 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
Exchange Agent and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe PLC 
Size: 
The Programme amount is unlimited. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such currencies 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, 
without limitation, Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, 
euro, Hong Kong dollars, Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, Sterling, 
Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and U.S. dollars. 
Certain restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply

--- Page 5 ---
2 
 
 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see Subscription and Sale) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will, if the proceeds of 
their issue are accepted in the United Kingdom (the “UK”), constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a redemption value of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions. 
Notes having a maturity exceeding one year, issued in bearer form  
Certain selling restricitons under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, including without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) or U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) may 
be applicable for Notes issued in bearer form that has original maturity 
exceeding one year, and may be further specified in the Final Terms.  
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and restrictions and 
subject, in the case of Senior Notes, to a minimum maturity of one month. 
Any Senior Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months will not 
constitute a “security” for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, and 
the Prospectus Regulation does not require a prospectus to be published 
for the offer and sale of such Senior Notes. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as described 
in Form of the Notes. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year will be issued in 
compliance with TEFRA D Rules unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that Notes are issued in compliance with TEFRA C Rules or (ii) 
the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules 
or the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under TEFRA, which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and on redemption, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest either at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest-rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 6 ---
3 
 
 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(b) on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes 
and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving not less than 
10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice period 
(if any) as is indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see Certain 
restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year above. 
Make-whole Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem, in 
whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their 
stated maturity, at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem, in 
whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to 
their stated maturity if the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series 
issued, at their relevant Early Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, unless 
the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(c)(C) in respect 
of the Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms save that (i) in the case of any Notes which, 
with respect to the EEA, are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in any Member State of 
the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination 
shall be €100,000 and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable

--- Page 7 ---
4 
 
 
to the relevant Specified Currency, see Certain restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year above. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to withholding of 
applicable Dutch taxes (if any); provided that the applicable Final Terms 
may provide that additional payments are required in respect 
ofwithholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied in the 
Netherlands, subject to certain exceptions as provided in Condition 7. If 
the applicable Final Terms provides that payments are to be made subject 
to withholding of applicable Dutch taxes (if any), it will also specify that 
Condition 7(b) will not apply to the Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3. 
Cross Acceleration: 
See Condition 9(c).  
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and (with the exception of obligations in respect of 
national and local taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) equally 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status and other terms of 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as 
Subordinated) and the Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves. In the event of, inter alia, the 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons 
relating to them shall rank in right of payment after unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer, and any set-off by holders of a 
Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer 
vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied. 
Substitution: 
The Issuer may substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes 
any company of which more than 90 per cent. of the shares are directly 
or indirectly held by the Issuer (a “Substituted Debtor”) on the terms 
and in the manner provided in Condition 16. 
If a Substituted Debtor becomes the principal debtor in respect of any of 
the Notes, it will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the applicable rules and regulations. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam for Notes issued 
under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms will state 
whether or not the Notes are to be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.

--- Page 8 ---
5 
 
 
Each of Moody’s Investors Service  (“Moody’s”) and S&P Global 
Ratings (“S&P”) are credit rating agencies established in the European 
Union and are registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including the Netherlands), the UK, Hong 
Kong, The People’s Republic of China, Singapore and Japan, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See Subscription and Sale below.

--- Page 9 ---
6 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be inherent 
in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently unknown and the Issuer does 
not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views before 
making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. Before making an investment decision with 
respect to the Notes, prospective investors should consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers to carefully 
review and assess the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision 
in the context of the investor’s personal circumstances. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE ISSUER  
A. 
Risks Related to UMG’s Business and Industry 
1.1 
UMG may be unable to compete successfully in the highly competitive industry and markets in which 
it operates and UMG’s business may be adversely affected if UMG fails to identify, attract, sign and 
retain successful recording artists and songwriters or by the absence of superstar releases.  
The industry in which UMG operates is highly competitive, influenced by consumer preferences and rapidly 
evolving. UMG’s competitive position is dependent on identifying, attracting, signing and retaining recording 
artists and songwriters who are or will become commercially successful, who have long-term potential, whose 
music is well received, whose subsequent music is demanded by consumers and whose music will continue to 
generate sales as part of its catalog for years to come.  
UMG is also dependent on signing and retaining songwriters who are capable of writing songs that will be the 
popular hits of today and the classics of tomorrow. UMG’s competitive position is dependent on its continuing 
ability to attract and develop such recording artists and songwriters whose work can achieve a high degree of 
popularity and thereafter, continue to create music and songs to retain, engage and expand their fan base. With 
regard to development of recording artists and songwriters, UMG believes that traditional, high-touch, full-service 
label deals with its portfolio of world-renowned labels, provide the most long-term value to an artist and greatly 
increase the commercial success, consumer base and longevity potential for artists at every stage of their careers. 
These deals provide for the full suite of professional expertise and global resources of a major label, including a 
comprehensive approach to content creation, organic artist development, timing, marketing, promotion, financial 
investment, and forward planning. 
UMG’s recorded music business is to a large extent dependent on technological developments in order to remain 
competitive, including access to, selection and viability of new technologies, and UMG’s recorded music business 
is subject to potential pressure from competitors as a result of technological developments modifying the nature 
of UMG’s competition. If UMG is unable to remain competitive as a result of technological developments, this 
could affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. See Section 1.5 
(Technological advancements are rapidly changing the marketplace in which UMG competes and the nature of 
UMG’s competition). 
UMG’s business may be adversely affected if it is unable to sign successful recording artists or songwriters. 
Signing, retaining and successfully developing artists is highly competitive, requires substantial human and capital 
resources, and can be dependent on consumer preferences that are rapidly and continuously changing. UMG uses 
external sources of data provided by streaming platforms or other external providers. 
Limitations to access of such data could adversely impact UMG’s capability of identifying future talents and 
therefore negatively affect its business. While UMG is required to devote significant time and investment to these 
activities, the returns on these activities are influenced by a number of factors, including factors outside of the 
control of UMG, and are uncertain at the time of investment. To the extent that the expected returns from these

--- Page 10 ---
7 
 
 
activities fail to materialize or are not in line with expectations, this may affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG’s competitors may become more successful at signing, marketing and promoting recording artists, for 
example if UMG’s competitors increase the amounts they spend to discover, or to market and promote, recording 
artists and songwriters or reduce the prices of their music in an effort to expand market share, which may affect 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may be adversely affected if it is 
unable to identify, attract, sign and retain such recording artists and songwriters on terms that are economically 
viable to it. UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may also be affected 
by the absence of superstar recording artist releases during a particular period via a negative impact on physical 
sales, download volumes and UMG’s share of digital platform subscription streaming revenues, which may result 
in a decrease in UMG’s revenues from these income streams and an adverse impact on UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.2 
If streaming and subscription adoption or revenue fail to grow or grow less rapidly than UMG 
anticipates, UMG’s business may be adversely affected. 
Revenues from subscription music services are important to UMG because they offset declines in downloads and 
physical sales and represent a growing area of UMG’s recorded music business. In 2021, UMG generated €4,481 
million of revenue from subscription music services and ad-supported streaming, as compared to €3,833 million 
in 2020. Consumption formats in the music industry are susceptible to technological advancements and changing 
consumer preferences around how music is accessed, as illustrated in recent years by the global decline in revenue 
derived from downloads and CD sales. See Section 1.5 (Technological advancements are rapidly changing the 
marketplace in which UMG competes and the nature of UMG’s competition). These, and other factors, may in the 
future negatively impact subscription and ad-supported streaming, for example where newer formats become more 
popular with consumers. Additionally, technology around streaming manipulation, fraud and hacking is becoming 
increasingly refined and subscription streaming services are particularly vulnerable which could undermine 
consumer confidence and cause revenue loss. 
If UMG’s subscription or streaming revenue fails to grow, grows less rapidly than it has over the past several 
years or declines, UMG’s recorded music business may experience reduced levels of revenue and operating 
income. Additionally, slower growth in streaming adoption or revenue is also likely to have a negative impact on 
UMG’s music publishing business, which generates a significant portion of its revenue from sales and other uses 
of recorded music. Both of these may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
1.3 
UMG relies on digital service providers for the online distribution and marketing of its music on the 
basis of contractual terms that are subject to change. 
UMG derives an increasing portion of its revenues from the distribution of music through digital distribution 
channels and partners with several hundred music services around the world and, in 2021, the top 50 music 
services accounted for 96% of UMG’s recorded music digital revenue. In 2021, 70% of UMG’s recorded music 
revenue was derived from digital channels. 
UMG currently enters into relatively short-term agreements with digital music streaming services. There can be 
no assurance that UMG will be able to renew or enter into new agreements with any digital music service. The 
terms of these agreements, including the rates that UMG receives pursuant to them and the basis for calculation 
of those rates, may change as a result of changes in the industry or changes in the law, or for other reasons. 
Decreases in rates or changes to other terms of agreements with digital music streaming services could adversely 
impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG’s music is also promoted by the digital music services on playlists curated by such services or generated 
from their algorithms (or a combination of both). Any unfavorable changes made by such service providers to 
their algorithms or to the terms on which they market or promote UMG’s music could adversely affect UMG’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 11 ---
8 
 
 
1.4 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may be adversely 
affected if it is unable to compete successfully in the evolving markets in which it operates or is unable 
to execute its business strategy. 
UMG expects to increase revenues and cash flow through a business strategy which requires, among other things, 
continuing to maximize the long-term value of its music by expanding the licensing partners with which UMG 
works and diversifying its revenue streams by partnering with an increasing array of new businesses that benefit 
from the use of music content to engage consumers. UMG’s strategy includes efforts to grow revenues from new 
digital platforms, including fitness and video games, and through business arrangements with nontraditional 
partners, including social media platforms. For example, in 2017, UMG became the first major music company 
to sign a deal with Facebook. UMG has the largest portfolio of fitness technology agreements of any music 
company, including with Peloton and Apple’s Fitness+, and in 2021, licensed its catalog to Equinox Media, LLC’s 
Variis digital fitness app. The success of these initiatives relies on adequate third-party support and requires UMG 
to accurately forecast and keep up with technological developments and consumer preferences relating to 
platforms and may require UMG to implement new business models or adapt to new distribution platforms. If 
UMG is unable to implement its strategy successfully or properly react to changes in consumer preference, its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme could be adversely affected. 
1.5 
Technological advancements are rapidly changing the marketplace in which UMG competes and the 
nature of UMG’s competition. 
The industries in which UMG operates are subject to rapid and significant changes in technology and are 
characterized by the frequent introduction of new products and services and use of technology in new ways, as 
demonstrated by the resulting global increase in streaming revenues over the past five years, coupled with a 
converse decline in downloads and CD sales. Technological advancements are also modifying the nature of 
UMG’s competition and bringing new challenges. The uses of technology are constantly evolving, and it may not 
be possible to foresee the ways in which technology could be used in, and to disrupt, the music industry, for 
example through the use of artificial intelligence and non-fungible tokens. Technological advancements may also 
be used to manipulate and adversely impact the reach of UMG’s digital content to its consumers and, as mentioned 
above, technology around streaming manipulation, fraud and hacking is becoming increasingly advanced. 
Adapting to, and competing with, rapid technological advancements requires substantial investment of time and 
resources; however, such investment does not guarantee UMG’s success in developing, implementing, 
transitioning to, competing with, utilizing or defending against new technology. Any failure by UMG to accurately 
anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends could significantly harm UMG’s 
competitive positioning and results of operations. If UMG is not successful in adapting to or competing and 
keeping up with new technology, UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
could be adversely affected. 
In addition, UMG’s competitors may in the future be able to innovate or adjust faster than UMG can, and new 
technologies may increase competitive pressure by enabling UMG’s competitors to offer superior services or be 
more attractive to artists and songwriters. Such developments could make UMG’s value proposition less 
compelling, which could have a material adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
1.6 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may be adversely 
impacted by changes in global economic and financial conditions  
Any decrease in global economic growth, an extended recession, sustained high inflation rates or other periods of 
declining economic conditions, either globally or in any of the markets in which UMG operates, could adversely 
affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
A significant portion of UMG’s revenues relies on consumers spending discretionary funds on leisure activities, 
such as music subscriptions, CDs, vinyl albums and artist merchandise. The state of the economy as a whole, 
inflation, deflation, political uncertainty, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, unemployment and the 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic are all factors that relate to the prevailing macroeconomic conditions and 
affect UMG’s business. Economic growth and consumer confidence are important for UMG’s growth and 
strategy. For example, in 2020, UMG’s merchandising revenues were down 39.6% at constant currency and 
perimeter compared to 2019 due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on both touring and retail activity, 
which cut off access for consumers to purchase these products at their usual retail points. In 2021, merchandising

--- Page 12 ---
9 
 
 
and other revenue grew by 27.4% in constant currency, as retail revenues grew and touring-related merchandising 
revenue, which was impacted by a COVID-related shut down in live touring in 2020, began to return.  
Since early 2022, a number of countries, including most major economies in Europe and North America, have 
reported high inflation. Concurrently, central banks in such countries have raised or discussed the possibility of 
raising interest rates in order to fight such inflation. Such increases in interest rates may reduce growth and may 
result in a global or regional recession. Further market volatility may occur as inflation continues to rise and 
markets respond to the interest rate increases and the cessation of quantitative easing programmes by major central 
banks. Each of these events may negatively impact discretionary funds available to consumers for leisure 
activities, and as a result may negatively impact UMG’s revenues and growth, which may in turn negatively 
impact UMG’s ability to ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.7 
UMG operates in many jurisdictions around the world and therefore is subject to a variety of trends, 
developments and limitations in those jurisdictions, which could affect it adversely. 
UMG has offices engaged in recorded music, music publishing, merchandising and audiovisual content in more 
than 60 territories around the world. UMG’s local presences have become increasingly important as the popularity 
of music originating from a country’s own language and culture is very significant, and more countries around the 
world have developed legitimate business models to monetize music. In addition, UMG’s business model is 
increasingly focused on developing business in new high-growth music markets. For example, in 2021, UMG 
strengthened its global presence through new activities and key partnerships in Israel, Cote d’Ivoire, Greater 
China, The Netherlands, South Africa, India, Brazil, Spain & Iberia, Mexico, Central Europe & Balkans and the 
Philippines. However, if UMG’s music does not continue to have appeal in various countries, UMG’s results of 
operations could be adversely impacted and its investments in new jurisdictions could fail to generate returns for 
UMG in line with expectations. Additionally, UMG may not be successful in identifying and signing the most 
promising artists in these markets, which may negatively impact UMG’s competitive position in these 
geographies, its prospects and its ability to generate returns in these markets.  
In countries in which the Group currently conducts, or may in the future conduct, its businesses, the Group’s 
operations, growth strategy and development may be negatively impacted as a result of less developed digital, 
internet and mobile network infrastructure. The Group’s success, particularly streaming revenues, depend on the 
continued development and use of internet by consumers to access music as well as increasing high-speed internet 
and smartphone penetration. If internet access or smartphone penetration in these markets develops slower than 
expected, or is stalled, the Group’s growth strategy could be adversely affected. 
Further, depending on the customs and norms in various markets, UMG’s presence in and generation of revenues 
from other countries may require UMG to accept longer accounts receivable settlement cycles and may subject 
UMG to difficulties in collecting its accounts receivables. UMG is also subject to restrictions on repatriation of 
capital in several jurisdictions in which it operates. For more information, see Section 3.6 (Export and import 
control laws and regulations, tariffs and trade barriers could have an adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme) below. Additionally, as a result of its global presence, 
UMG is subject to challenges in the global economic environment, as a result of political instability in jurisdictions 
where it is present as well as recessionary trends, inflation and instability in the financial markets in jurisdictions 
where it is present. 
Any failure of UMG to adequately respond to the needs of its operations in various jurisdictions, its inability to 
appeal to consumers in various countries or the restrictions on UMG’s business due to customs, norms and policies 
in various jurisdictions may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
1.8 
UMG faces competition for the attention of its consumers given the constantly evolving entertainment 
options that are available. 
A significant portion of UMG’s revenue comes from the production and distribution of audio and audiovisual 
recordings. The success of UMG’s content depends primarily upon its acceptance by the public and on consumer 
tastes and preferences, which change over time and are difficult to predict. The market for these products is highly 
competitive and competing products are often released into the marketplace at the same time. To remain 
competitive, UMG constantly seeks new platforms to engage different demographics of consumers around the 
world. The commercial success of audio and audiovisual recordings depends on several variable factors, including 
the quality and acceptance of competing offerings released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the

--- Page 13 ---
10 
 
 
availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities and general economic conditions and 
other tangible and intangible factors, all of which can change quickly and in unforeseeable ways. 
The recorded music business faces competition for consumer attention from other forms of entertainment and 
leisure activities, such as cable and satellite television, on-demand television, motion pictures, podcasts and video 
games and user-generated content in physical and digital formats. UMG may face competition in the future from 
the development of any number of new forms of entertainment and leisure activities. Although new platforms and 
means of entertainment provide opportunities for UMG to engage its customers, such initiatives may not be 
successful or offset constantly changing consumer preferences or cycling preferences between different forms of 
entertainment. 
If UMG’s recorded music business unsuccessfully competes against other existing or new forms of entertainment 
and leisure activities, or produces and distributes audio and audiovisual recordings without broad consumer 
appeal, that may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.9 
In addition to competition from traditional music industry players, new entrants into the music 
industry, artists choosing not to sign with labels and the evolving role of intermediaries may increase 
competition and impact UMG’s ability to sign artists.  
UMG faces competition from traditional music industry players as well as new entrants, including investment 
funds whose investment thesis includes making acquisitions of collections of musical compositions, or “catalog 
acquisitions”. UMG’s competitors may launch aggressive promotional campaigns and other marketing activities, 
or they may pay higher than market rates to attract new talent and increase their market share. In response, in 
order to stay competitive, UMG may be required to make additional investments and incur significant additional 
expenditures. If UMG is unable to compete successfully in the changing competitive landscape, UMG may lose 
market share, worsen its business prospects and financial condition and its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme may be materially and adversely affected. 
In addition, changing business practices, particularly due to the emergence of new technologies and access to a 
global network of consumers, has and could further result in artists choosing to make content available to 
consumers directly without being affiliated with a label or an intermediary, or could result in music services 
playing some of the roles that UMG has traditionally played. In this regard, UMG also competes with certain of 
the music distribution platforms who distribute the works of artists and songwriters without the involvement of 
labels or intermediaries. 
These and other changes in the market could also result in modifications to the ways in which UMG contracts 
with its artists and to the revenue generated from those relationships. It is not possible to predict all the ways in 
which the music industry could change, and UMG may not be able to effectively adapt to all of these changes and 
become less competitive. As a result, changing business practices and disintermediation could have an adverse 
impact on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.10 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme could be impaired if 
it fails to attract and retain its executive officers and other key personnel.  
UMG’s success depends, in part, upon the continuing contributions of its executive officers and key operational 
and creative personnel, led by its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sir Lucian Grainge. These executive 
officers and key personnel possess significant experience within the music industry and their established personal 
connections and relationships in the music industry are important to the Group’s operations. UMG competes with 
other music and entertainment companies, record labels, digital service providers, technology companies and other 
companies for top talent, including executive officers and other key personnel. 
If the Group were to unexpectedly lose a member of the Group’s key management, its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme could be materially adversely affected. Although all of 
UMG’s executive officers have employment agreements with UMG, UMG cannot guarantee that key personnel, 
including executive officers, will remain in UMG’s employment or that it will be able to attract and retain qualified 
personnel in the future, at a reasonable cost, to replace any departing key personnel, which may disrupt its business 
and operations and could adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
 
 
1.11 
Where UMG acquires, combines with or invests in other businesses or joint ventures, UMG will face 
risks inherent in such transactions.  
UMG has in the past completed and, as part of its business strategy, will continue, from time to time, to consider 
strategic transactions, which could involve acquisitions, combinations or dispositions of businesses or assets, or 
strategic alliances or joint ventures with companies engaged in music entertainment, entertainment, investing or 
other businesses. For example, in March 2019, UMG acquired the remaining rights in Ingrooves Music Group 
(“Ingrooves”), a global music distribution company that provides marketing and rights management services for 
independent labels and artists. Ingrooves subsequently acquired a leading South African independent distributor, 
based on chart performance, Electromode, allowing UMG to enhance its digital, distribution and marketing 
services footprint across the continent and in December 2018, UMG acquired 100% of the share capital in Epic 
Rights, thereby further expanding UMG’s merchandising business. However, there can be no assurance that UMG 
will continue to be able to identify and invest in suitable operations or assets. In addition, any such investment 
could be material, be difficult to implement, disrupt its business or change its business profile, focus or strategy 
significantly. 
UMG may not be successful in addressing any risks or problems encountered in connection with any strategic 
transactions. UMG cannot assure that if it makes any future acquisitions, investments, strategic alliances or joint 
ventures or enters into any business combination that they will be completed in a timely manner, or at all, that 
they will be structured or financed in a way that will enhance its creditworthiness or that they will meet its strategic 
objectives or otherwise be successful. In addition, if any new business in which UMG invests or which it attempts 
to develop does not progress as planned, it may not recover the funds and resources it has expended, and this could 
have a negative impact on its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Additionally, UMG has made investments into joint ventures with third parties in certain jurisdictions and it may 
in the future enter into additional such joint ventures as a means of conducting its business in various jurisdictions. 
While UMG seeks to ensure that it has appropriate rights when entering into joint ventures, in the future other 
investors in the joint venture may have or require certain rights under the terms of the joint venture, and therefore, 
UMG may not be able to unilaterally make significant decisions or take timely actions with respect to its joint 
ventures. UMG’s inability to take decisive unilateral action in respect to its joint ventures could have a material 
adverse impact on its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.12 
UMG has engaged in substantial restructuring and re-organization activities in the past and may need 
to implement further restructurings and re-organizations in the future and its restructuring and 
reorganization efforts may not be successful or generate expected cost savings.  
UMG’s business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by significant ongoing changes in the entertainment 
industry. In response, it has sought, and will continue to actively seek, to adapt its operations and cost structure to 
the changing economics of the industry. For example, while physical sales are still significant in some markets, 
music consumption has shifted from an ownership model, whereby consumers purchase vinyl or CDs, to an access 
model that includes subscription and ad-supported streaming formats. UMG has shifted and continues to shift 
resources from its physical sales channels to efforts focused on digital channels, emerging technologies and other 
new revenue streams, and it continues its efforts to reduce overhead and manage its variable and fixed-cost 
structure. UMG now has entered into agreements and partnerships with every major digital music service launched 
in the last decade, including Amazon, Apple, Spotify, YouTube and many others and was one of the earliest 
supporters of digital streaming and subscription services, all of which required substantial internal restructuring 
activities in order to adapt to the shift from a focus on physical channels to a focus on digital channels. 
UMG may be required to implement further restructuring activities, make additions or other changes to its 
management or workforce based on other cost reduction measures or changes in the markets and industry in which 
it competes, including the evolving skill sets required from its employees. UMG’s inability to structure its 
operations based on evolving market conditions could impact its business. Restructuring activities can also create 
unanticipated consequences and negative impacts on its business, and UMG cannot be certain that any ongoing 
or future restructuring efforts will be successful or generate expected cost savings. If UMG were to unsuccessfully 
implement restructuring and re-organization plans, that could adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 15 ---
12 
 
 
1.13 
Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
A significant portion of UMG’s assets, liabilities, revenues and costs are denominated in currencies other than 
Euros, in particular US Dollars. To prepare its financial statements, UMG must translate those assets, liabilities, 
revenues and expenses into Euro from such currencies at then-applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases 
and decreases in the value of the Euro as compared to such other currencies will affect the amount of these items 
in its financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. These translations could 
result in significant changes to its results of operations from period to period. In addition, exchange rate 
fluctuations could cause its expenses to increase as a percentage of net sales, affecting its profitability and cash 
flows. 
From time to time, UMG enters into foreign exchange contracts to hedge the risk of unfavorable foreign currency 
exchange rate movements. However, these hedging strategies may not fully eliminate the exchange rate risk and 
currency volatility to which it is exposed. While UMG seeks to hedge currency transaction risks by offsetting 
opposing cash flows (natural hedging) and uses derivative hedges, UMG’s efforts to do so may not be successful 
or opportunities to do so may not be readily available and such risks may have a material adverse effect on UMG’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.14 
The ongoing military action between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
On February 24, 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region 
is likely. Although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly 
unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility 
in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, 
political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences as well as increase in cyberattacks 
and espionage.  
 
Russia’s recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent 
military action against Ukraine have led to an unprecedented expansion of sanction programs imposed by the US, 
the EU, the UK, Canada, Switzerland, Japan and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of 
Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic and the so-called Luhansk People’s Republic, including, among 
others: (i) blocking sanctions against some of the largest state-owned and private Russian financial institutions 
(and their subsequent removal from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication 
(“SWIFT”) payment system) and certain Russian businesses, some of which have significant financial and trade 
ties to the European Union; (ii) blocking sanctions against Russian and Belarusian individuals, including the 
Russian President, other politicians and those with government connections or involved in Russian military 
activities; and (iii) blocking of Russia’s foreign currency reserves as well as expansion of sectoral sanctions and 
export and trade restrictions, limitations on investments and access to capital markets and bans on various Russian 
imports.  
 
In retaliation against new international sanctions and as part of measures to stabilize and support the volatile 
Russian financial and currency markets, the Russian authorities also imposed significant currency control 
measures aimed at restricting the outflow of foreign currency and capital from Russia, imposed various restrictions 
on transacting with non-Russian parties, banned exports of various products and other economic and financial 
restrictions. 
 
The situation is rapidly evolving as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, and the US, the EU, the UK and other 
countries may implement additional sanctions, export controls or other measures against Russia, Belarus and other 
countries, regions, officials, individuals or industries in the respective territories. Such sanctions and other 
measures, as well as the existing and potential further responses from Russia or other countries to such sanctions, 
tensions and military actions, could potentially adversely affect the global economy, including through high 
inflation and reduced business and consumer spending, which in turn could potentially increase UMG’s costs and 
reduce the amount of disposable income available to UMG’s customers and therefore could adversely affect 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
 
On 8 March 2022, UMG announced the suspension of operations and the closing of UMG’s offices in Russia, 
effective immediately. Although revenues and EBITDA in Russia and Ukraine in 2021 were not material and 
therefore this suspension only had a minor impact on the Company, UMG has no way to predict the progress or

--- Page 16 ---
13 
 
 
outcome of the conflict in Ukraine or its impacts in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus. The extent and duration of the 
military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have 
substantial impact on the global economy for an unknown period of time. As a result of UMG’s revenue profile 
being very geographically diverse, any such downturn in the global economy that reduces the disposal income of 
UMG’s customers may in turn have a negative impact on UMG’s revenues. Any of the abovementioned factors 
could adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
disruptions may also have the effect of heightening other risks described in this Section of the Base Prospectus. 
 
B. 
Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Data Security and Information Technology 
2.1 
The success of UMG’s business is dependent on the existence and maintenance of its intellectual 
property rights and challenges in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing UMG’s intellectual 
property rights and involvement in intellectual property litigation could adversely affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
The success of UMG’s business depends on its ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce its trademarks, 
copyrights and other intellectual property rights around the world. UMG’s intellectual property rights, as well as 
its ability to enforce its intellectual property rights depend on the laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions 
in which it conducts business, which are not consistent across jurisdictions. In order to obtain, maintain, protect 
and enforce its intellectual property rights, UMG takes a variety of measures, including, if necessary, litigation or 
proceedings before governmental authorities and administrative bodies. For example, on July 31, 2018, a 
complaint for copyright infringement was filed by UMG Recordings, Inc. and Universal Music Publishing Group 
(“UMPG”) (along with the other major labels and publishers including Sony Music Entertainment and Warner 
Music Group) against, amongst others, Cox Communications, an Internet access and service provider, for 
knowingly inducing and supporting copyright infringement by its customers. UMG also has a content protection 
unit tasked with leading and coordinating take downs of content that infringes its intellectual property rights. 
However, these measures can be expensive and time-consuming and, in some instances, can be ineffective such 
that, despite such measures, third parties may be able to obtain and use UMG’s intellectual property without its 
permission, and there is no guarantee that UMG will be able to successfully obtain, protect, maintain or enforce 
its intellectual property rights in every instance. The inability to obtain, maintain, protect or enforce its intellectual 
property rights could harm UMG’s brand or brand recognition and adversely affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, if UMG is alleged to have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the intellectual property 
rights of a third party (even where such claims are without merit), any litigation to defend the claim could be 
costly and would divert the time and resources of management, regardless of the merits of the claim and whether 
the claim is settled out of court or determined in its favor. There can be no assurance that UMG would prevail in 
any such litigation. If UMG were to lose a litigation relating to intellectual property, in addition to the potential 
reputational damage, it could be forced to pay monetary damages, to obtain a license, or to cease using certain 
intellectual property or technologies. For example, on February 5, 2019, a purported class action lawsuit was filed 
against UMG Recordings, Inc. on behalf of a putative class of all recording artists who have to date requested the 
termination of alleged transfers of US copyright to UMG pursuant to Section 203 of the Copyright Act, which 
allows, under certain conditions, an author who has contractually transferred the US copyright rights to his or her 
work to a third party to terminate such grant after 35 years. The complaint seeks to have the court recognize the 
termination of alleged US grants of the artists involved in the litigation and also alleges copyright infringement, 
where UMG continued to use the recordings in the US after the purported termination of the alleged grant. To the 
extent that UMG is unable to successfully defend these claims, amongst other things, it may face damages claims 
from the relevant artists. 
Additionally, artists signed by UMG may seek to challenge and dispute the scope of intellectual property rights 
under their contracts entered into with UMG, including potential disputes as to the application and effect of 
technological developments and new formats to access music. In this regard, see Section 3.3 (UMG is and could 
become involved in a number of lawsuits, which could negatively affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme). 
Any of the foregoing may cause UMG to suffer economic loss and reputational damage, which would adversely 
affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 17 ---
14 
 
 
2.2 
Piracy continues to adversely impact UMG’s business and content protection is a key focus of UMG’s 
business. 
Technological advances and the conversion of music into digital formats have made it easy to create, transmit and 
distribute high-quality unauthorized copies of music in a manner that does not provide an economic return for 
UMG or its artists and songwriters. This includes “stream-ripping” to access UMG’s music illegally through the 
internet. In a 2021 IFPI survey of 43,000 internet users across 21 countries, 35% of respondents aged 16-24 
admitted using illegal stream-ripping services, the leading form of music piracy. Organized industrial piracy may 
also lead to decreased revenues and/or slowed growth revenues. The impact of piracy on legitimate music revenues 
and subscriptions is hard to quantify, but UMG believes that illegal file sharing and other forms of unauthorized 
activity, including stream manipulation, have a substantial negative impact on music revenues. If UMG is not 
successful in its content protection efforts, its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme may suffer. 
2.3 
UMG’s business is subject to a variety of European, US and other supranational and domestic laws, 
rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection. 
UMG is subject to laws, regulations, rules, and other obligations governing privacy, data protection, direct 
marketing, and cybersecurity in jurisdictions around the world. These laws impose restrictions on the way UMG 
and its counterparties may collect, use, retain, secure, disclose, and transfer personal information. These laws may 
shape, for example, how UMG engages in eCommerce transactions or other transactions with consumers; how it 
operates its online properties; how UMG engages in direct and behavioral advertising, email marketing, mobile 
marketing, and social media activities; and UMG’s internal operations in areas such as employment and how it 
transfers data among its subsidiaries. Further, UMG makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal 
information through its privacy policies, information on its websites and press statements. 
UMG may also have contractual obligations regarding the use of personal information with its counterparties. 
Privacy, data protection, direct marketing, and cybersecurity are the subject of intense media, political, and 
regulatory scrutiny. Several jurisdictions in which UMG is active have recently passed laws in these areas, and 
other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws, and the ways in which authorities 
interpret and enforce them, continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
Complying with emerging and changing requirements may cause UMG to incur substantial costs, change its 
business practices, modify its product and service offerings, and forego other business opportunities. 
For example, UMG is subject to extensive European regulations on privacy, information security and data 
protection, the main and most relevant of which relate to the collection, protection and use of personal and business 
data, consumer credit data and other information and the provision of credit ratings, including Regulation (EU) 
2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free 
movement of such data (the General Data Protection Regulation) (the “GDPR”), the Directive 2002/58/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of July 12, 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the 
protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (Directive on privacy and electronic 
communications) and national laws implementing each of them. Additionally, UMG is subject to the UK GDPR 
(the retained EU law version of the GDPR) and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act 2018. The GDPR, 
which has applied since May 25, 2018, is directly applicable in all member states of the European Economic Area 
(the “Member States”). The GDPR has increased both the number, and restrictive nature, of the obligations 
binding on the UMG for the collection, storage and processing of personal data. In particular, the GDPR 
establishes a tiered approach to penalties for breach, which enables the relevant authorities to impose fines for 
some infringements of up to €20 million, or 4% of annual worldwide turnover. 
In the United States, UMG is subject to overlapping federal and state laws governing privacy, data protection and 
security. For example, state data breach notification laws or consumer protection laws generally mandate the rules 
that must be followed in the event of the unauthorized disclosure of personal information. One of the most 
significant state privacy laws, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights 
Act, establishes actionable rights for stipulated parties relating to data handled by covered entities such as UMG, 
as well as obligations on covered entities relating to privacy disclosures, data handling, and more. The 
Commonwealth of Virginia has a similar law coming into force at the start of 2023, and other states may be 
following suit. Moreover, UMG is also subject to regulatory authorities, such as the Federal Trade Commission 
(“FTC”), and self-regulatory requirements, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI 
DSS”). The FTC is authorized to enforce prohibitions on “unfair or deceptive acts or practices,” to include a

--- Page 18 ---
15 
 
 
company’s violations of its own privacy policies or commitments, or security or privacy practices that the FTC 
deems fundamentally “unfair”. The PCI DSS are a set of payment-related data security requirements the violation 
of which can result in fines or restrictions on the ability to process transactions. Generally distinct from state 
privacy laws, some state laws also impose separate requirements regarding the handling of payment card 
information. 
Noncompliance, or even allegations of noncompliance, with these laws or UMG’s public statements or contracts 
in these areas, could lead government entities, supervisory authorities or private actors to institute investigations 
into or proceedings against UMG. These investigations or proceedings may entail legal costs and reputational 
harm, and if defense of such proceedings is unsuccessful even in part, UMG may face significant penalties, 
liability, or ongoing monitoring or audit requirements. 
Additionally, any perceived or actual failure by UMG, including its third-party service providers, to protect 
confidential data or any material non-compliance with privacy or data protection or other consumer protection 
laws could cause customers to lose trust in UMG, reduce UMG’s ability to attract and retain customers, artists 
and other business relationships and counterparties and result in litigation or other actions being brought against 
UMG. Lastly, if third parties that UMG works with, such as UMG’s suppliers, violate applicable laws or UMG’s 
policies, such violations may also put the information in UMG’s database at risk and could in turn have an adverse 
impact on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
2.4 
UMG’s operations are dependent on its information technology and information systems, and any 
disruption to the Group’s IT system or failures in the Group’s IT systems could adversely impact the 
Group’s operations. 
The integrity, reliability and operational performance of UMG’s information technology (“IT”) infrastructure and 
technology network are critical to its operations. UMG relies upon the capacity, reliability, and security of its IT 
hardware and software infrastructure and its ability to expand and update this infrastructure in response to 
changing needs. 
Certain elements of the IT systems infrastructure on which UMG depends are outsourced to third parties. The 
services and functions provided by these third parties are critical to the Group’s business and include (but are not 
limited to) storage, data processing and network. 
The availability of UMG’s IT platforms and other services may be interrupted by damage or disruption to the 
Group’s or the Group’s third-party service providers’ IT systems, which may be caused by, for example hardware 
or software defects, human error, unauthorized access, fire, power loss, natural hazards, the impact of war and 
terrorism, disasters or similarly disruptive events, as well as planned upgrades and improvements which may be 
subject to developmental delay or fail to be effective. Additionally, UMG may be subject to cyber-attacks, 
including phishing, malware, and ransomware. While no such attack has had a material adverse effect on its 
business in the past, there can be no assurance with regard to potential future attacks and UMG’s systems may be 
vulnerable to damage from such attacks. 
While UMG has in place business continuity procedures, there can be no assurance that these will be fully 
successful in preventing all disruptions to the availability of UMG’s IT platforms or other services. To the extent 
the Group outsources its business continuity or disaster recovery operations, it is at risk of the vendor’s 
unresponsiveness in the event of breakdowns in the Group’s systems, which could cause delays in recovering 
service. 
Furthermore, performance issues, system interruptions or other failures in the Group’s IT systems could expose 
the Group to potential liability to pay damages as well as reputational harm, additional operating expenses to 
remediate the IT failures and exposure to other losses or other liabilities, all of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG receives certain personal information about its customers and potential customers, and it also receives 
personal information concerning its employees, artists and vendors. In addition, UMG maintains sensitive 
confidential business information of itself and, in some cases, counterparties. It also holds intellectual property 
rights including rights in music recordings and compositions, and further including not-yet-released music. 
Further, UMG relies on its computer systems and those of service providers for its operations. No computer system 
is immune from attacks or other incidents, and UMG’s system may be vulnerable to, or may have suffered 
unknown, security breaches by computer hackers and others that attempt to penetrate or otherwise defeat the 
security measures that it has in place. A compromise of its security systems that results in the loss or exposure of

--- Page 19 ---
16 
 
 
confidential information, including not-yet-released music or personal information, and that compromises the 
integrity of UMG’s information, causes UMG’s systems to operate in a way that UMG does not intend or affects 
the availability of such systems or information for use, may lead to operational disruptions and significant 
expenditures to address the incident. In addition, any vulnerabilities found in UMG’s systems, the loss of 
competitively sensitive information, theft of funds, reputational harm, litigation and investigations, legal expenses, 
liability, penalties, or the imposition of ongoing monitoring or audit requirements may also lead to operational 
disruptions and/or significant expenditures. Any of the foregoing may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
While UMG maintains what it considers to be an appropriate level of insurance against some of these risks, 
UMG’s insurance coverage may not cover all of the costs and liabilities it incurs as the result of any such 
interruptions or failures of its IT systems, and if its business continuity and/or disaster recovery plans do not 
effectively and timely resolve issues resulting from a cyber-attack, UMG may suffer material adverse effects on 
its business. 
2.5 
UMG faces a potential loss of certain catalog titles to the extent that those recording artists have a 
right to recapture recordings under the US Copyright Act. 
The US Copyright Act of 1976, as amended (the “US Copyright Act”), provides authors (or their heirs) a right to 
terminate transfers of US copyrights (i.e., licenses or assignments of rights in their copyrighted works) in certain 
circumstances. This right does not apply to works that are “works made for hire.” Since the enactment of the 
Sound Recordings Act of 1971, which first accorded federal copyright protection for sound recordings in the US, 
the vast majority of UMG’s agreements with recording artists provide that such recording artists render services 
under a work-made-for-hire relationship. A termination right exists under the US Copyright Act for transfers of 
US rights in musical compositions that similarly are not “works made for hire.” If any of UMG’s commercially 
available sound recordings created after February 15, 1972 were determined not to be “works made for hire,” then 
the recording artists (or their heirs) could have the right to terminate the US federal copyright rights they granted 
to it, generally during a five-year period starting at the end of 35 years from the date of release of a recording 
under a post-1977 license or assignment (or, in the case of a pre-1978 grant in a pre-1978 recording, generally 
during a five-year period starting at the end of 56 years from the date of copyright). For example, on February 5, 
2019, a purported class action lawsuit was filed against UMG Recordings, Inc. on behalf of a putative class of all 
recording artists who had requested the termination of certain alleged grants of US copyrights to UMG pursuant 
to Section 203 of the US Copyright Act. 
Any right of artists to terminate UMG’s copyright rights may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
C. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
3.1 
A significant portion of UMG’s revenues are subject to regulation either by government entities or by 
local third-party collecting societies throughout the world and rates on other income streams may be 
set by governmental proceedings or be subject to legislative intervention, which may limit its 
profitability. 
Mechanical royalties and performance royalties (on both physical and digital sales) are two of the main sources 
of income for UMG’s music publishing business, accounting for under 13% of UMG’s revenue in 2021, and 
mechanical royalties are an expense for its recorded music business, representing 0.9% of UMG’s revenue in 
2021. In the United States, compulsory mechanical royalty rates are set every five years pursuant to an 
administrative process under the US Copyright Act, unless rates are determined through industry negotiations, 
and performance royalty rates are determined by negotiations by performing rights organizations, which in the 
US include American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (“ASCAP”), Broadcast Music, Inc. (“BMI”) 
and the Society of European Stage Authors and Composers (“SESAC”). ASCAP and BMI are subject to a consent 
decree rate-setting process if negotiations are unsuccessful. The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice 
(the “DOJ”) has previously reviewed its consent decrees with ASCAP and BMI and, while in January 2021 the 
DOJ announced that it would take no further action to modify or terminate such decrees, there is no guarantee that 
the DOJ will not choose to review such decrees in the future. Changes to the mechanical royalty rate, the 
performance royalty rates or consent decrees governing the US performing rights organizations could potentially 
impact the profitability of UMG’s music publishing business. 
Outside of the United States, mechanical rates are typically negotiated on an industry-wide basis (or for multi-
territorial online licensing, on a repertoire-specific basis but still necessarily in partnership with collecting

--- Page 20 ---
17 
 
 
societies as rights holders) and may be subject to mandatory collecting regimes. In most territories outside the 
United States, mechanical royalties are based on a percentage of wholesale prices for physical products and based 
on a percentage of consumer prices for digital formats. Performance royalty rates are typically negotiated between 
the collecting society and the individual licensee. The mechanical and performance royalty rates set pursuant to 
such processes may adversely affect UMG by limiting its ability to increase the profitability of its music publishing 
and/or recorded music businesses. 
The performance royalty rates received by UMG’s recorded music business in the United States for webcasting 
and satellite radio are set every five years by an administrative process under the US Copyright Act unless rates 
are determined through industry negotiations. In most jurisdictions outside the United States, UMG’s recorded 
music business receives payment for the public performance and broadcast of its sound recordings via collecting 
societies, with rates generally set by industry agreement or rate setting tribunal. In certain jurisdictions, 
governments either have, are proposing or face certain pressure to introduce legislation which may introduce 
and/or extend mandatory collective licensing and direct remuneration claims for certain rights, such as (but not 
limited to) the introduction of an additional remuneration right for performers for the so-called “making available” 
of sound recordings on digital services. 
As revenues continue to shift from physical to diversified distribution channels, it is important that UMG receives 
fair value for all of the uses of its intellectual property as its business model now depends upon multiple revenue 
streams from multiple sources. To the extent that the rates set for recorded music and music publishing income 
sources through collecting societies or legally prescribed rate-setting processes are set at levels which are not 
favorable or economically viable for UMG, this could have an adverse impact on its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. 
3.2 
Changes in laws and regulations, including those relating to intellectual property rights, may have an 
adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG’s intellectual property rights, particularly copyrights, are very important to UMG’s business. UMG’s 
business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in jurisdictions around the world, including those relating 
to intellectual property, content regulation, user privacy, data protection and consumer protection, among others. 
In addition, various governments currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, 
regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could directly or indirectly affect UMG’s business 
and operations, the ownership of UMG’s content assets or UMG’s ability to maintain, protect or enforce its 
intellectual property rights. For example, the UK Parliamentary Select Committee on Digital, Culture, Media and 
Sport issued its advisory report on July 15, 2021, as part of an inquiry to examine “what economic impact music 
streaming is having on artists, record labels and the sustainability of the wider music industry”. The report 
recommended to the UK government a number of actions to regulate music companies, including on issues related 
to artist and songwriter compensation, which could hinder or add cost to the companies’ operations. UMG’s 
business is also impacted by laws and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which UMG, or its partners, 
operate, including quotas, tax regimes, currency restrictions and data protection regimes. 
UMG could also be adversely affected by new laws and regulations, by the threat that additional laws or 
regulations may be forthcoming and by changes in existing laws or changes in interpretation of existing laws by 
courts and regulators. For example, legislation has been introduced in California that would amend California 
Labor Code Section 2855 (Section 2855) such that UMG’s ability to recover damages from artists that fail to 
deliver on their contractually promised recordings after more than seven years may be hindered. Changes in the 
area of copyright law, in particular, could directly or indirectly affect UMG’s operations, the ownership of UMG’s 
content assets or UMG’s ability to maintain, protect or enforce its intellectual property rights. 
Litigation and proceedings before governmental authorities, whether or not UMG is involved in such proceedings, 
may serve as precedents that adversely impact UMG’s operations, ownership of content assets or intellectual 
property rights. UMG could incur substantial costs to comply with new or modified laws and regulations or 
substantial penalties or other liabilities if it fails to comply. UMG could also be required by such laws to change 
or limit certain of its business practices, which could impact its ability to generate revenues. 
Furthermore, laws in various jurisdictions differ from each other in significant respects, and the enforcement of 
such laws can be inconsistent and unpredictable. This could impact UMG’s ability to operate its business in 
various jurisdictions and undertake activities that UMG believes is beneficial to its business. For example, the 
European Union (EU) adopted the Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (the Copyright Directive) 
in 2019 to modernize EU copyright rules. The Copyright Directive includes a number of relevant provisions,

--- Page 21 ---
18 
 
 
including Article 17, which clarifies the EU copyright safe harbor requiring Online Content Sharing Service 
Providers (OCSSPs or online platforms that host user-generated content) to employ “effective and proportionate” 
measures to prevent unauthorized use of copyrighted materials. The EU’s Member States must implement the 
Copyright Directive via enactment of domestic legislation. While some Member States (such as France, The 
Netherlands, Hungary, Denmark and Malta, among others) are implementing the Copyright Directive’s Article 
17 faithfully to the legislative intent, other Member States are considering (and, in the case of Germany and 
Austria, have implemented) legislation that differs significantly from the Copyright Directive in letter and spirit 
– and which would not only undo the benefit of Article 17 but also potentially disrupt existing licensing models. 
Several national implementations may need to be amended following a recent European Court of Justice decision, 
while other jurisdictions are still in the process of transposing the Copyright Directive into domestic legislation. 
It therefore remains unclear how Article 17 of the Copyright Directive will be applied in the different Member 
States. 
Any of the foregoing may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
3.3 
UMG is and could become involved in a number of lawsuits, which could negatively affect UMG’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG is and could become involved in a number of lawsuits, disputes or investigations initiated by consumers, 
business partners, competitors, artists, governmental entities, tax authorities and third parties. Such lawsuits, 
disputes or investigations may relate to, inter alia, copyright infringement, contractual disputes, employment 
disputes, antitrust and tax disputes. For example, on February 5, 2019, a purported class action lawsuit was filed 
against UMG Recordings, Inc. on behalf of a putative class of all recording artists who had requested the 
termination of certain alleged grants of US copyrights to UMG pursuant to Section 203 of the US Copyright Act. 
In some of these cases, if UMG fails to negotiate amicable settlement, it may be ordered to pay damages or 
financial penalties. UMG recognizes a provision each time a risk is identified, is likely to materialize and is either 
quantifiable or can be estimated with reasonable accuracy. In addition to the legal proceedings which UMG is 
currently involved in, it could become involved in litigation in the future that could have an adverse impact on 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
3.4 
Changes in tax laws or challenges to the Group’s tax position could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Given the footprint of the Group’s operations globally, the Group is subject to complex tax laws and regulations 
in the various countries where it operates. It is subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple 
jurisdictions as a result of the international scope of its operations and its corporate structure. Adverse 
developments in applicable tax laws or regulations, or any change in the position by the relevant authorities 
regarding the application, administration or interpretation of any applicable tax laws or regulations, could subject 
the Group to additional or increased tax payments, and in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. In this regard, the fast-paced development of the global 
digital economy has led, and may lead, to public authorities adapting, or considering to adapt, tax regimes 
applicable to the Group, which could further subject the Group to changes in tax legislation in the countries where 
it operates. Given the international nature of the Group’s operations, the Group is particularly impacted by changes 
to regulations relating to transfer pricing and withholding tax on the repatriation of funds. 
In addition, the Group often relies on generally available interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations 
including interpretations made by the relevant tax authorities and courts of law. There cannot be certainty that the 
relevant tax authorities or courts agree with the Group’s interpretation of these laws or, as the case may be, that 
such tax authorities or courts do not depart from the generally available interpretations of applicable tax laws and 
regulations on which the Group often relies. If the Group’s tax positions are challenged by relevant tax authorities, 
the potential imposition of additional or increased taxes could require the Group to pay taxes that the Group 
currently does not collect or pay or increase the costs of the Group’s services to track and collect such taxes, which 
could in turn increase the Group’s costs of operations or the Group’s effective tax rate and have a negative effect 
on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
3.5 
The Group may be subject to scrutiny under antitrust and competition laws 
UMG may be subject to scrutiny in the countries and regions where it operates by various government and 
regulatory agencies such as the Federal Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division of the DOJ, the European

--- Page 22 ---
19 
 
 
Commission, under US and EU law and regulation, and other foreign laws and regulations, including antitrust and 
competition laws. These and other government agencies, entities and individuals have jurisdiction to consider 
whether UMG’s business practices violate applicable antitrust or competition laws of the countries and regions in 
which UMG operates. UMG’s licensing agreements, including with streaming services, satellite radio, and web-
based services may be subject to regulatory scrutiny and might be the subject of regulatory action or antitrust 
litigation. 
In this regard, for example, in August 2019, UMG received a notice of investigation from State Administration 
for Market Regulation (“SAMR”), the enforcement arm of the Chinese Government in charge of investigating 
market competition, monopolies and intellectual property, stating that it was opening an anti-monopoly 
investigation into music licensing in the territory. An adverse finding against UMG could result in financial 
penalties as well as other measures, which may materially and adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such actions, claims or investigations, even if without foundation, may be very expensive to defend or 
respond to, involve negative publicity and substantial diversion of management time and effort, and could result 
in reputational harm, significant judgments against the Group, or require the Group to change its business 
practices, which may materially and adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
3.6 
Export and import control laws and regulations, tariffs and trade barriers could have an adverse effect 
on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG has offices in more than 60 territories around the world and exports music and merchandise from country 
to country. UMG’s exports not only include physical exports, such as vinyl, CDs and merchandise, including 
apparel, but also digital trade and is subject to a variety of export control and import laws and regulations and 
trade and tariff regulations. Compliance with export control and import laws and regulations may create delays in 
the introduction of UMG’s music and merchandise in international markets, resulting in a loss of opportunities 
and increase costs due to import and export duties and tariffs. 
Any change in export or import laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws, sanctions 
and regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such laws and 
regulations, could also result in decreased ability to export UMG’s music and merchandise to consumers. Any 
limitation on UMG’s ability to export its music or merchandise could materially adversely affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES 
A. 
Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such

--- Page 23 ---
20 
 
 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
For instance, Investors should be aware that, if Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) were unavailable, the 
rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR will be determined for the relevant period by 
the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate based 
on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available.  
The Independent Advisor and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect on 
the interests of the Noteholders 
Pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(b)(vii), the Independent Advisor will have 
the discretion to determine whether a successor interest rate for EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark 
is available. This may lead to a conflict of interests between the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of 
the Independent Advisor) and the Independent Advisor, on the one hand, and the Noteholders on the other, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Independent Advisor may make pursuant 
to Condition 4(b)(vii), which may influence the amount receivable by Noteholders under the Notes. In particular, 
potential investors should be aware that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in 
specific transactions with the Independent Advisor and that the latter may hold from time to time debt securities, 
shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari passu 
among themselves. In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement) or a moratorium (surseance van 
betaling)) or dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the 
Issuer (and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note will be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer vis-
à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied), but will rank at least pari passu with all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. Accordingly, although Subordinated Notes may 
pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is an enhanced risk that an 
investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to conditions 
precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain. 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Refinancing Call or Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and 
that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date or the Make-whole Redemption Date, as 
applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer 
in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have 
been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Refinancing Repurchase Date or the Make-
whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by such dates so delayed.

--- Page 24 ---
21 
 
 
B. 
Risks related to Notes 
The condition of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting, or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the defined majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent of Noteholders, 
agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting of Noteholders) of any 
of the provisions of Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any 
modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under 
any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as 
a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of the 
Netherlands, the official application, interpretation or the administrative practices after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could materially adversely impact 
the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws of the Netherlands 
may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its 
application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different 
interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law 
of their home jurisdiction were applied. This may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the 
investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be 
able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a 
holder who, as the result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount 
of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
 
 
C. 
Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes may 
be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able 
to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed trading market. 
If investors hold Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit rating 
of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to 
the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
Moody’s and S&P have assigned credit ratings to the Issuer (See General Information – Credit Ratings below). 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may also assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies

--- Page 26 ---
23 
 
 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may 
impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the 
Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price 
paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 27 ---
24 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the “AFM”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any future supplements 
of this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by 
such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of Notes will 
be set forth in the Final Terms which will be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of 
the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Programme provides that the Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. The information on any website referred to in this document does not form part of 
the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an offeror will do so, and offers and sales of the 
Notes to an investor by an offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between such offeror and such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than the Dealers) in connection with the offer 
or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. 
The investor must look to the offeror at the time of such offer for the provision of such information. The Issuer 
has no responsibility to an investor in respect of such information. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the 
Dealers, in their capacity as such, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other 
person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other

--- Page 28 ---
25 
 
 
information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  
ABN AMRO in its role as a Listing Agent is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or for any act or omission of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. However, the previous statement in 
no way detracts from the Issuer’s obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offer of Notes to the public or issue of Notes to be listed on 
the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of 
any Notes. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer 
when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes outside the Netherlands or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
the Netherlands), the UK, Hong Kong, The People’s Republic of China, Singapore and Japan (see Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions below). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors,” the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 29 ---
26 
 
 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which may 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any such stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars,” “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, those to “euro,” “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended, those to “Japanese yen,” “yen” and “¥” refer to the currency of Japan, those to “CHF” refer to the 
currency of Switzerland and those to “Sterling” and “£” refer to the currency of Great Britain. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 30 ---
27 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 31 ---
28 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. These 
forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms 
“believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, in 
each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not limited 
to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuer’s beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other 
things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial position 
and results of operations of the Company, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the 
Company operates, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Company’s results of operations and financial position, 
and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Company operates, are consistent with the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative 
of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause 
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
See “Risk Factors” above.

--- Page 32 ---
29 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been made public and are available on the Issuer’s website, 
shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
are 
available 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/e66ejtqbaazg/4hK6v2FiQROZLkzM8dgTal/bb6ea10e10f2bb6266d278ee989
f832a/B01_-_Articles_of_Association_of_Universal_Music_Group_N.V..pdf; 
(b) 
the publicly available press release setting out a summary of the unaudited and unreviewed quarterly 
financial results of the Issuer for the first quarter ended 31 March 2022, available at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/e66ejtqbaazg/1M8CSgd44YtsDddg4j9yDe/756ca4f25fbbab8f66fbfa32e4f0e
bed/UMG_Press_Release_Q1_FY_2022_3May22.pdf; 
(c) 
the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code) which are available at https://view.publitas.com/cfreport/umg-annual-report-2021/page/181 
and which appear on pages 181 to 246 (inclusive) of the UMG Annual Report 2021, which is available 
at https://view.publitas.com/cfreport/umg-annual-report-2021/page/1, and the independent auditors’ 
report which appears therein (on pages 268 to 277); and 
(d) 
the publicly available audited combined financial statements of Universal Music Group, Inc. and 
Universal International Music B.V. for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU and in accordance with IFRS published by the IASB) which are available at 
https://downloads.ctfassets.net/e66ejtqbaazg/5EhxTRw48opGrOey3w07dZ/4e4259dd1fd7f3731b6a6d
b92f56fe95/UMG_FY_2020_Audited_Combined_Financial_Statements.pdf, 
and 
the 
independent 
auditors’ report which appears therein. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, upon request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which 
are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered 
office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus can also be obtained from the Company’s website (https://investors.universalmusic.com/)  
Unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(https://www.universalmusic.com/) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website do not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any Notes. Other 
than the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(https://www.universalmusic.com/) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website have not been 
scrutinized or approved by the AFM. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
30 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), with or without interest coupons 
(“Coupons”) attached, or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), without Coupons attached. Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Prior to the issuance of any Bearer Notes hereunder, the Issuer will confirm with its counsel that all documents 
used in connection with the issuance of such Bearer Notes have been reviewed, revised, and updated to the extent 
necessary to ensure that such documents properly allow for the issuance of Bearer Notes in accordance with U.S. 
federal income tax law. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a temporary bearer global Note (the “Temporary 
Bearer Global Note”) (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer global Note (the 
“Permanent Bearer Global Note”)), without interest coupons or talons which in either case will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other agreed clearing system or be deposited with the 
Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (“Euroclear Nederland”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or be deposited with Euroclear 
Nederland. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note and issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA D Rules, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of such Note are not United States persons or persons who have purchased for resale to 
any United States person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing 
system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) have given a like certification (based on the certifications they have 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean 
the clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. On or within a reasonable period 
after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the date on which a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued, interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as 
described therein, either for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note without interest coupons or talons or for 
definitive Bearer Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case (if the Bearer Notes are issued 
in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules) against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second 
sentence of this paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date, 
unless upon due presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for exchange as aforesaid, delivery of any of 
the definitive Bearer Notes or Coupons is improperly withheld or refused. 
Definitive Bearer Notes will be in the standard euromarket form.  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through the relevant 
clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note 
without any requirement for certification. A Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole or (subject to the Bearer Notes which continue to be represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note 
being regarded by the relevant clearing system(s) as fungible with the definitive Bearer Notes issued in partial 
exchange for such Permanent Bearer Global Note) in part, in accordance with the applicable Final Terms for 
security printed definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons 
attached. Such exchange may be made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: (i) upon not less than 
30 days’ written notice being given to the Principal Paying Agent by a relevant clearing system (acting on the 
instructions of any of its participants) as described therein or (ii) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws and regulations. If and for as long as a Permanent Bearer

--- Page 34 ---
31 
 
 
Global Note is deposited with Euroclear Nederland, such laws include the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and delivery (uitlevering) will only be possible in the limited circumstances prescribed by the 
Securities Giro Transfer Act. 
An “Exchange Event” means (1) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, 
(2) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or if applicable Euroclear 
Nederland has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no 
alternative clearing system is available or (3) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the Bearer Notes represented by the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, a relevant clearing system or the common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the 
global Bearer Note may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later than 15 days after the date on which the 
relevant notice is received by the Principal Paying Agent. Global Bearer Notes and definitive Bearer Notes will 
be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes below). At the 
date hereof, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg, as opposed to Euroclear Nederland, regard Bearer 
Notes in global form as fungible with Bearer Notes in definitive form. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year and 
on all interest coupons (including talons) relating to such Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) 
which are issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules: 
‘ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.’ 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes held in Euroclear Nederland: 
‘Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
(‘Euroclear Nederland’) at Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Any person being offered this Note for transfer or any 
other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is almost certain to be involved. 
Notice: The custody of this global certificate by Euroclear Nederland shall be subject to Euroclear Nederland’s 
conditions as in force from time to time. The Issuer hereby declares that it will abide by these conditions.’ 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (“Regulation S 
Global Notes” or “Registered Global Notes”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not 
be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person save 
as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, 
for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name 
of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial 
interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 5(d)) as the

--- Page 35 ---
32 
 
 
registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 5(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in 
that Condition. 
Save as otherwise provided in Condition 2, interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means (1) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (2) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is 
available, or (3) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in 
Condition 7 which would not be required were the Registered Notes represented by the Registered Global Note 
in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is 
received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and Condition 2, 
be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in the form of a Definitive Registered Note and 
Definitive Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person 
who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an 
interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes 
are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, 
see Subscription and Sale. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes 
is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, which are 
different from the ISIN and common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined under Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the Terms 
and Conditions. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a global Note and a holder of such 
Note so represented and credited to their account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear 
Nederland) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving 
of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such global Note, 
holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than 
Euroclear Nederland) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) on and subject to the terms 
of the relevant global Note. In the case of a global Bearer Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the rights of 
Noteholders will be exercised in accordance with the provisions of such global Bearer Note and the provisions of 
the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer).

--- Page 36 ---
33 
 
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Bearer Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note and 
the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the 
issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable.” 
2 Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable.”

--- Page 38 ---
35 
 
 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products).] 
[Date] 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18 
Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap) with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 16 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [  ]] [and [  ]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
and 
the 
Final 
Terms 
have 
been 
published 
on 
https://investors.universalmusic.com/. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [  ] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [  ] 
2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [  ] June 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [  ] [and [  ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
https://investors.universalmusic.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as ‘Not Applicable’ (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if ‘Not Applicable’ is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.][If the Notes have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the 
date of their issue, the minimum denomination may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1.
Issuer:
Universal Music Group N.V.
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[
]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[
]
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with[identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent

--- Page 39 ---
36 
 
 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[
]
(ii)
Tranche:
[
]
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] (if applicable)
6. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations:
(in the case of Registered Notes 
this 
means 
the 
minimum 
integral 
amount 
in 
which 
transferscan be made)
[ 
] 
[ 
] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed:
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”)
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form)
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.)
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year].
9.
Interest Basis:
[[
] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[EURIBOR] +/- [
] per cent. Floating Rate]
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below)
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [
] per cent. of their nominal amount
11. 
Change of Interest Basis 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and 
identify there] [Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Refinancing Call]

--- Page 40 ---
37 
 
 
[Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call]
 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Investor Put – Change of Control]
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)]
[Not Applicable]
13.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior/Subordinated]
 
[(ii) 
[Date corporate approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ 
] 
[and 
[ 
], 
respectively]] 
(N.B. Only 
relevant 
where 
 
Management Board (or similar) authorisation is required for 
the particular tranche of Notes)
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other]
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form)
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable 
to Notes in definitive form)
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] [Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
 
(vi) 
[Determination Date[s]: 
[[ 
] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon (NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payments which are not of equal duration) 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day  
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]
(iii)
Additional Business Centre(s)
[
]

--- Page 41 ---
38 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent):
[ 
] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
(vi)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph)
–
Reference Rate:
[
] month EURIBOR
–
Determination Date(s):
[
]
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System (or any 
successor thereto) is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR)
–
Relevant Screen Page:
[
]
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)
(vii)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (vii)) 
[(If applicable, note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event,” “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” are not workable in a 
notes context.
 
 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the 
Conditions which will require a PR drawdown prospectus 
for the issue)]
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))
–
Designated Maturity:
[
]
–
Designated Maturity:
[
]
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
interest period)
(viii)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum
(ix)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(x)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)

--- Page 42 ---
39 
 
 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives)]
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[
] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[
]
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in Relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment:
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365]
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[
]
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s):
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
 
(A) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[ ] 
 
(B) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than set 
out in the Conditions):
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.)
19. 
Issuer Refinancing Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Date 
from 
which 
Issuer 
Refinancing 
Call 
may 
be 
exercised:
 
 
 
(To be three months prior to Maturity Date of the Notes 
unless another date is specified above for Notes issued with 
an initial maturity of less than five years)
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than set 
out in the Conditions):
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.)

--- Page 43 ---
40 
 
 
20.
Make-whole Redemption Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions):
[ ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.)
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer 
of Make-whole Redemption 
Date 
and 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
addition to those set out in 
Condition 6(c)(C):
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes 
of calculating sum of the 
present values of the Remaining 
scheduled 
payments 
of 
principal 
and 
interest 
on 
Redeemed 
Notes 
in 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount:
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
 
(iv) 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Margin:
[ 
] 
(v)        Quotation Agent 
[
] / [Not Applicable]
(vi)
Reference Dealers:
[give details]
(vii)
Reference Security:
[give details]
21. 
Issuer Residual Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[ ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.)
 
(ii) 
Outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount threshold (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[    ] or less 
22. 
Investor Put – Change of Control: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23.
Final Redemption Amount:
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 44 ---
41 
 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/As set out in Condition 6(e)] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value (i.e., par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Bearer Notes:
 
(i) 
Form 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 30 days’ notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory 
provisions of applicable laws and regulations].] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date. 
[subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws and 
regulations].] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Notes [on 30 days’ notice given at any time/only 
upon an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory provisions 
of applicable laws and regulations].]]
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the “Form 
of the Notes” section in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
themselves. N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary/Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes.)
[Registered Notes:
 
 
Regulation S Global Note ([ ] nominal amount) registered in 
the name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/ a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(specify nominal amounts).]
(ii)
New Global Note
[Yes] [No]
(iii)
New Safekeeping Structure
[Yes] [No]
25. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest to which 
paragraph 16(iii) relates)

--- Page 45 ---
42 
 
 
26. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No]
27. 
 For the purposes of Condition 13, 
notices to be published in the Financial 
Times:
[Yes/No] 
28. 
 Condition 7(a) or 7(b) of the Notes 
applies:
[Condition 7(a) applies and Condition 7(b) does not 
apply/Condition 7(b) applies and Condition 7(b) applies]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information], has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Universal Music Group N.V.  
By: 
........................................................ 
 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to [trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Amsterdam/specify other relevant 
regulated and, if relevant, listing on an official list] with 
effect from [   ].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
[trading on Euronext Amsterdam/specify other relevant 
regulated and, if relevant, listing on an official list] with 
effect from [  ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to be] rated 
[ 
] by [Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] 
[Each of] [name of credit rating agency/ies] is established 
in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”).

--- Page 46 ---
43 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [any fees]/[the fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the Managers/Dealer, so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The Managers/Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ 
] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
[ 
] 
(v) 
CFI:  
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
Any clearing systems(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 47 ---
44 
 
 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any) 
[ 
] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to be 
held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.] [include this text if “yes” selected in which 
case Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common Safekeeper)] [include this text 
for Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] [include this text if “no” selected] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager[s] 
(if any):  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D Rules 
applicable/TEFRA C Rules applicable/TEFRA not 
applicable]

--- Page 48 ---
45 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 49 ---
46 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be incorporated by 
reference into each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the rules of Euronext 
Amsterdam and agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference into) each definitive 
Note in the standard euromarket form. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, incorporated by reference 
into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” 
above for a description of the content of Final Terms which includes the definition of certain terms used in the 
following Terms and Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Universal Music Group N.V. (the “Issuer,” which expression shall 
include any Substituted Debtor (as defined in Condition 16)) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). References herein to the ‘Notes’ shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and 
shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange (or part exchange) 
for a global Note in bearer form, (iii) any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or 
not issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note in registered form) and (iv) any global Note. The 
holders of the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit 
of and are subject to the provisions of an Agency Agreement dated 16 June 2022 (the “Agency Agreement”), as 
further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and made between the Issuer, Citibank, 
N.A. as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Principal Paying Agent,” which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar (the “Registrar,” which expression shall include any successor 
registrar), Citibank, N.A. as exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent,” which expression shall include any 
successor exchange agent) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the “Transfer Agents” (such agents being together referred to as “Agents”), which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and global Notes do not have Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to “Noteholders” shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes, and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose names the Notes are registered, 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any holders mentioned above include those having a credit balance in 
the collective depots held by a participant of Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
(“Euroclear Nederland”). 
The Final Terms for this Note is endorsed hereon or attached hereto or applicable hereto or incorporated by 
reference herein and supplements these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the applicable Final Terms 
are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) from the date on 
which such consolidation is expressed to take effect except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer and at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents and in an electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
(https://investors.universalmusic.com). 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are subject 
to all the provisions of the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless

--- Page 50 ---
47 
 
 
otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency, the Specified Denomination(s) 
and the Form(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000. 
This Note is a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. This Note 
may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. For Notes held by Euroclear Nederland deliveries will be made in accordance with the 
Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer and the Agents may deem and treat 
the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for 
the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, 
these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue with Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as common safekeeper. Adoption of the 
safekeeping procedure does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of or deposited with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing 
to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant global Bearer Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global 
Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms but shall not include Euroclear Nederland.

--- Page 51 ---
48 
 
 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Registered Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of 
the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney 
or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be 
required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and 
that the transfer is in compliance with the transfer restrictions set forth in such Registered Note. Any such 
transfer will be subject to such regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe 
(the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided 
above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) 
of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address 
as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of a Registered 
Note in definitive form to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person will not permitted. 
After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period such restriction will no longer apply to 
such transfers. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to register 
the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person

--- Page 52 ---
49 
 
 
will not be permitted. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period such restriction will 
no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
“Registered Global Note” means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (with the exception of 
obligations in respect of national and local taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge relating to the Senior Notes 
So long as the Senior Notes or any relative Coupons remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will 
procure that its subsidiaries Universal International Music B.V. and Universal Music Group, Inc. (the 
“Specified Subsidiaries”) will not, secure by lien, pledge or other charge upon the whole or part of their 
assets any present or future Public Debt (as defined below) of the Issuer or the Specified Subsidiaries 
without at the same time securing the Senior Notes equally and rateably with such Public Debt or 
providing such other security as the Senior Noteholders may approve by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement). “Public Debt” means any loan, debt, guarantee or other obligation 
for repayment of borrowed money which is represented by bonds or notes or other securities which have 
an initial life exceeding one year and which are capable of being listed on any stock exchange or over 
the counter or similar securities market. For the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect of asset-backed 
financings originated by the Issuer or the Specified Subsidiaries, the expression “assets” as used in this 
clause (b) does not include assets of the Issuer or the Specified Subsidiaries that are charged or sold on 
a customary non-recourse basis for the purposes of securing such asset-backed financings, determined in 
accordance with the law applicable to such transaction. 
(c) 
Status and Subordination of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as Subordinated) and the Coupons 
relating to them constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy) (faillissement) or 
moratorium (surseance van betaling) or dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the 
Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the 
Coupons relating to them, shall rank in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the 
Issuer, and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all obligations of the 
Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied, but at least pari passu with 
all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, and in priority to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 53 ---
50 
 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(A) the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered 
Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if ‘Actual/Actual (ICMA)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 54 ---
51 
 
 
 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if ‘30/360’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls on the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or 
the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 55 ---
52 
 
 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
“TARGET2 System”) or any successor thereto is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation Agent,” 
“Floating Rate Option,” “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 56 ---
53 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) on the Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the Specified Time, any international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide such international credit institution or financial services institution 
appointed by the Issuer with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Determination Date in question, and the international credit institution or financial 
services institution shall pass on such quotation to the Calculation Agent. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
international credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer 
with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the international credit institution or financial services institution 
appointed by the Issuer (which shall then communicate this to the Calculation Agent) 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks 
is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the international 
credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer (which shall 
in turn inform the Calculation Agent) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone

--- Page 57 ---
54 
 
 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B): 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by any international credit institution or financial services institution 
appointed by the Issuer after consulation with the Issuer. 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less than such Minimum Rate 
of Interest and/or if it specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(x) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (y) such Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
(1) 
if ‘Actual/Actual (ISDA)’ or ‘Actual/Actual’ is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in

--- Page 58 ---
55 
 
 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if ‘Actual/365 (Fixed)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(3) 
if ‘Actual/365 (Sterling)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(4) 
if ‘Actual/360’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(5) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)  
 
 
        ________________________________________ 
 
 
 
                             360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;

--- Page 59 ---
56 
 
 
 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and, so long as the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Amsterdam, the Issuer shall notify to Euronext Amsterdam and notice thereof shall 
be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the Calculation Agent’s 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined below) 
following the commencement of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the Noteholders and, so long 
as the relevant Floating Rate Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Amsterdam, to Euronext Amsterdam in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this paragraph 
(b) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, if applicable, the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(A) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Advisor, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(vii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(vii)(E)). 
In making such determination, Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 4(b)(vii) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Advisor shall have no liability

--- Page 60 ---
57 
 
 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(B) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or (ii) the Independent 
Advisor appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii) prior to the relevant 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following 
Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this paragraph of Condition 4(b)(vii) 
shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest 
Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(C) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion that: 
 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(vii); or 
 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
4(b)(vii)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(D) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(E) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii) and the Independent Advisor determines in 
its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii)(F), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to 
this Condition 4(b)(vii)). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii)(E), 
so long as the Notes are being listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Amsterdam, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of Euronext 
Amsterdam. 
(F) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(b)(vii) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice

--- Page 61 ---
58 
 
 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
(G) 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(vii); and 
 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
(H) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(b)(vii)(A), (B), 
(C), (D) and (E), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has 
been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(vii)(F). 
(I) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(J) 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(vii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Advisor determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Advisor, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Advisor determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 62 ---
59 
 
 
 
(if the Independent Advisor determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Advisor determines to be 
appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Advisor determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii) is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease, 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (B)(I) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(I) above; 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that means that such Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (II) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (E)(I) above; 
(F) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; and/or it has or will become unlawful 
or otherwise prohibited for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying 
Agent or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the 
relevant Reference Rate with respect to the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
4(b)(vii)(E). 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 4(b)(vii). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 63 ---
60 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (A) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (B) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of definitive Bearer Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum

--- Page 64 ---
61 
 
 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate 
Note in bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons in respect of any such Talons will be 
issued. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons or 
Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note in bearer form (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of global Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Bearer Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Bearer Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender 
of such global Bearer Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such global Bearer Note by such Paying Agent (and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made) or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Notes held 
by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as 
defined below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the

--- Page 65 ---
62 
 
 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) where in definitive form and at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth 
day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the “Record Date”) at their address shown in the 
Register on the Record Date and at their risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may 
be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such 
application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same 
manner as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving 
any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this 
Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in 
respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global 
Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in 
respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which, subject to Condition 8, is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System or any successor thereto is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest

--- Page 66 ---
63 
 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of 
Notes other than Floating Rate Notes,) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, on the occasion of the next payment due under the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. Notes redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(A) 
Issuer Call 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13; and 
 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s).

--- Page 67 ---
64 
 
 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or 
Euroclear Nederland, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 10 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the 
period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph (A) and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 3 days prior to 
the Selection Date. 
(B) 
Issuer Refinancing Call 
If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13; and 
 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), at any time, or from time to time, on or after the date that is three months 
prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes (unless another date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for Notes issued with an initial maturity of less than five years), 
redeem all or some of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (the 
“Refinancing Repurchase Date”) at their nominal amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Refinancing Repurchase Date. Any such 
notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s 
discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date may be delayed until such time as any or 
all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any 
or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Refinancing Repurchase Date, or by the Refinancing Repurchase 
Date as so delayed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 
6(c)(A) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c)(B). 
(C) 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call 
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, having given: 
 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13; and

--- Page 68 ---
65 
 
 
 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of a redemption of 
Registered Notes, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption date (each such date, a 
“Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the 
Issuer’s discretion, the Make-whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time 
as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the 
event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-
whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) 
prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Notes to the Maturity Date or, if Issuer 
Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the date that is 
three months prior to the Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for Notes issued with an initial maturity of less 
than five years (in each case, excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date), discounted to the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or 
a quarterly basis (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-
whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Make-whole Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and such other parties as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations 
given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference 
Security on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 
11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (“CET”)). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer if so appointed by the Issuer or any other 
international credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer 
for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption Amount, in each case as 
such Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government 
security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues.

--- Page 69 ---
66 
 
 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. If a Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be 
chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in 
writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same 
issuer as the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable 
with the remaining term of the Notes (which shall be determined by reference to the 
maturity of the Notes, unless the Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case the term shall be determined by reference to the date from 
which Issuer Refinancing Call may be exercised) that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 
6(c)(A) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c)(C). 
(D) 
Issuer Residual Call 
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer 
Make-whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(c)(C) in respect of the Notes, if 
Issuer Residual Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is, unless any other threshold is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may, having given: 
 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13; and 
 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), at the Early Redemption Amount, 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders in the event of a Change of Control (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put – Change of Control is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply. If there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) and within the Change of Control 
Period (as defined below) a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs (together called a “Put Event”), the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6(c)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below) at its nominal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding 
the Optional Redemption Date. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service, S&P Investors Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings 
and their respective successors or affiliates or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by the Issuer.

--- Page 70 ---
67 
 
 
“A Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within 
the Change of Control Period the ratings previously assigned to the Issuer by any two Rating Agencies 
(if three Rating Agencies have assigned a prior rating to the Issuer) or the rating previously assigned to 
the Issuer by any Rating Agency (if only one or two Rating Agencies have assigned a prior rating to the 
Issuer) is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Issuer by any two Rating 
Agencies shall be below an investment grade rating at the time the Change of Control occurred) lowered 
one full rating category (from BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or such similar lower or equivalent rating); provided 
that no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control 
if the Rating Agency making the change in or withdrawing the rating does not announce publicly or 
confirm in writing to the Issuer that the withdrawal or change was the result, in whole or part, of the 
Change of Control. 
“A Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at the time (whether or not approved by the 
Management Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that any person or persons (“Relevant 
Person(s)”) acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant Person(s), 
at any time directly or indirectly or acquire(s) or come(s) to own (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of shareholders of 
the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period ending 90 days after the occurrence of the Change of 
Control. 
The “Change of Control Redemption Date” is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
Within ten Business Days of becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained 
in this Condition 6(d). 
To exercise the option to require redemption or purchase of a Note under this Condition 6(d) in relation 
to a Change of Control, the holder of that Note must deliver such Note, on any Business Day (as defined 
in Condition 4) in the city of the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent, falling within the period 
(the “Put Period”) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, to any Paying Agent, as well as a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(d). The Paying Agent to which such Note 
and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a 
“Receipt”) in respect of the Notes so delivered. Payment by the Paying Agents in respect of any Notes 
so delivered shall be made either to the bank account duly specified in the relevant Put Notice or, if no 
account was so specified, by cheque on or after the Change of Control Redemption Date against 
presentation and surrender of such Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent. A Put Notice 
once given shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows by an international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the Early Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or

--- Page 71 ---
68 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RPx(1+AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
(h) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e) (iii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will make the required 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges for the account of

--- Page 72 ---
69 
 
 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, and shall, depending on which provision is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes or Coupons; or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
as a result of a withholding or deduction pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(ii) 
to the extent such additional amount becomes payable as a result of a Noteholder or 
Couponholder having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer as laid 
down in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable 
for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder 
having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who would 
not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non 
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(vi) 
for on account of any tax, deduction or withholding imposed under Section 1471(b) of 
the Code or otherwise imosed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1484 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of five years after the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default  
Senior Notes 
In the case of Senior Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) 
shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
there is failure for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal or interest in respect of 
any Note when and as the same is due to be paid; or

--- Page 73 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such 
failure continues for a period of 30 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or any Specified Subsidiary fails in the payment of amounts due under Public Debt 
in an aggregate amount which exceeds €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currency or 
currencies) and, as a result of such failure, such Public Debt or any guarantee thereof becomes 
immediately due and payable or is declared due and payable by a competent court ; provided, 
however, that no Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer or such 
Specified Subsidiary is contesting its liability in good faith or shall have been ordered not to 
make such payment by a competent court; or 
(d) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt or subject to a moratorium (surseance van betaling) or an order is 
made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except 
if such order or resolution is made or passed for the purposes of any merger, consolidation or 
reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior consent thereto has been given by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the surviving or resulting company assumes all of the rights 
and obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes); or 
(e) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business except for the 
purposes of any merger, consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior 
consent thereto has been given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the 
surviving or resulting company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with 
respect to the Notes. For the purposes of this provision, the Issuer shall be deemed to have 
ceased to carry out the whole or substantially whole of its business if it has disposed of assets 
which account for at least 80 per cent. of its consolidated assets as of the latest balance sheet 
date prior to such disposal; 
then each Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare the principal of 
and all interest accrued on its Notes to the date of payment to be forthwith due and payable, and the same 
shall become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the time when such written notice is received 
all such Events of Defaults have been cured. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default occurs 
under the Notes for a failure by the Issuer to deliver a required certificate, notice or report, such Event of 
Default shall be cured upon the delivery of any such certificate, notice or report, even after the time when 
written notice of acceleration is received by the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the following event (an “Event of Default”) shall occur and 
is continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt or subject to a moratorium (surseance van betaling) or an order is 
made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except 
if such order or resolution is made or passed for the purposes of any merger, consolidation or 
reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior consent thereto has been given by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the surviving or resulting company assumes all of the rights 
and obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes), 
then each Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, declare the principal of and all interest accrued on its Notes to 
the date of payment to be forthwith due and payable, and the same shall become immediately due and 
payable, unless prior to the time when such written notice is received all such Events of Defaults have 
been cured. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as

--- Page 74 ---
71 
 
 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Amsterdam, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal Paying Agent, 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent, which may be the Registrar, (in the case of 
Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of Euronext Amsterdam (or any other relevant authority); 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in a member country 
of the European Union; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office situated outside the Netherlands. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(e). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent. In the case of a change of any of the Paying Agents, a notice will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. Each Talon shall, 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes shall be published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of wide 
circulation in the Netherlands, (ii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (iii) if and for so long as the Bearer Notes 
are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam and the rules of Euronext Amsterdam so 
require, by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euronext Amsterdam and through a press release which 
will also be made available on the website of the Issuer ( https://investors.universalmusic.com/). In the 
case of (ii) above, it is expected that any such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. 
In the case of (iii) above, it is expected that any such publication will be made in the Irish Times. Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in all the newspapers 
and/or via other channels through which such publication is required to be made. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their

--- Page 75 ---
72 
 
 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any publication 
required by Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Amsterdam agrees), so long as the global Note(s) is or are 
held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for 
publication in some or all of the newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the identity of all the holders of the Notes is known to the Issuer, the Issuer may (provided that, 
in the case of any publication required by Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Amsterdam agrees) give 
notices individually to such holders in lieu of publication as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
in the case of any Note in definitive form with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the Issuer, 
the Agents and Euroclear Nederland shall mutually agree on such rules for form and contents of 
communications between them as they may deem practical for the purpose of giving effect to these Terms 
and Conditions. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date 
for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or Coupons), the 
necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution 
passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by two thirds of 
the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than two thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given 
by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two thirds in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or

--- Page 76 ---
73 
 
 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (which for the purpose of this Condition, save where the context requires otherwise, includes 
any previous substitute of the Issuer) under this Condition may and the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer under this Condition may at any time 
substitute any company (incorporated in any country in the world), of which more than 90 per cent. of 
the shares or other equity interest carrying voting rights are directly or indirectly held by the Issuer, as 
the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (any such company, the “Substituted Debtor”), provided 
that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed, and notices be given, by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
as the Principal Paying Agent may deem reasonably necessary to give full effect to the 
substitution and pursuant to which (i) the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder and Couponholders to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and Coupons in place 
of the Issuer and (ii) the Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and 
irrevocable, in favour of each Noteholder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums in 
respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
in accordance with and subject to Condition 7, no taxes or duties shall be required to be withheld 
or deducted at source in the territory where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or 
resident (unless the withholding or deduction would be borne by the Substituted Debtor, in 
which case sub-clause (b) of Condition 7 shall apply); and 
(iii) 
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution shall 
have been obtained and be in full force and effect. 
(b) 
The Substituted Debtor shall forthwith give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts 
of Amsterdam are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes, and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Amsterdam courts.

--- Page 77 ---
74 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
including (without limitation) repayment of debt. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 78 ---
75 
 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
Principal activities 
UMG is a world leader in music entertainment based on revenue, engaged in three main operating businesses: 
recorded music; music publishing; and merchandising. 
UMG’s recorded music business discovers and develops artists, supports the creation of audio and audiovisual 
content by artists, and markets, distributes, sells and licenses such content to consumers across a wide array of 
formats and platforms. UMG owns and administers the copyright to the audio and audio-visual recordings created 
by the artists signed to UMG’s labels and generates revenue from the physical sales of such content in the form 
of CDs and records, and from the distribution of such content to digital music streaming and subscription 
platforms, and to consumers of recorded music using other platforms and formats, including films, television and 
video games. 
The music publishing business discovers and develops composers and songwriters and owns and administers the 
copyright to the musical and lyrical compositions created by such composers and songwriters, which is licensed 
for use in recordings, public performances and for related uses, such as in films and advertisements. UMG’s music 
publishing business generates royalty revenue from the licensing of musical and lyrical compositions. 
UMG’s merchandising business produces and sells artist-branded products as well as other branded products. 
UMG has also expanded into other businesses such as film and television (including production of film and 
television shows) as well as other segments that are linked to its music business, including organizing live events, 
livestreaming, brand partnerships and sponsorships, and podcasts. In addition to being successful at revenue 
generation in their own right, these operations also contribute to the growth of UMG’s recorded music and music 
publishing businesses, primarily by increasing visibility and reach of UMG’s artists and music and through 
royalties earned on the use of UMG’s catalog of recorded music and compositions in these other businesses. 
Significant new products and activities 
UMG plays an active role in promoting the continued development of new digital services and consumer offerings 
in order to support a competitive, healthy and increasingly global market. UMG has agreements with several 
hundred global and local digital service providers around the world, establishing legal consumption of music in 
markets with high levels of piracy that previously did not have legitimate commercial outlets, including India, 
Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia. These partnerships have made music 
more accessible to fans around the world, offering a free-to-use option for consumers as an alternative to pirated 
content, with additional upsell opportunities created. 
Principal markets in which the Company competes 
UMG’s revenue profile is geographically diverse and becoming more so with the emergence of legitimate 
monetization opportunities in many new music markets around the world. In 2021, revenues from the industry’s 
Top 5 global music markets (US, Japan, UK, Germany and France) accounted for 75% of UMG consolidated 
revenues, while rest of the world represented 25% of total company consolidated revenues. UMG’s revenue is 
also diverse from a business model standpoint. While streaming and subscription revenue is commonly looked at 
as the main driver of music industry performance, the recorded music subscription and streaming revenue streams 
account for only 66% of UMG’s recorded music revenue in 2021. 
UMG has a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music, music publishing, merchandising and 
audiovisual content through offices in more than 60 territories, covering approximately 200 markets.  
Basis for statements made by the Company regarding its competitive position 
Industry-leading position  
UMG is the world’s largest recorded music company (based on revenue) and the largest recorded music company 
in major music markets including the United States, the United Kingdom, France and Germany. Its major record 
labels and groups include Capitol Music Group, Interscope Geffen A&M, Republic Records, Island Records, 
Motown Records, Def Jam Recordings, Universal Music Group Nashville, Universal Music Latin Entertainment, 
EMI Records, Polydor, Blue Note Records, Decca, Deutsche Grammophon and Verve, among others. Artists 
signed to UMG as part of its recorded music business span all genres and generations and include the greatest

--- Page 79 ---
76 
 
 
artists of all time: ABBA, Louis Armstrong, The Beatles, The Beach Boys, The Bee Gees, Andrea Bocelli, James 
Brown, Bon Jovi, Neil Diamond, Marvin Gaye, Guns N’ Roses, Elton John, Bob Marley, Paul McCartney, 
Luciano Pavarotti, Queen, The Rolling Stones, Frank Sinatra, U2, Amy Winehouse and Stevie Wonder, as well 
as many of the biggest artists today, such as J Balvin, Justin Bieber, Luke Bryan, Lewis Capaldi, J. Cole, Daddy 
Yankee, Drake, Billie Eilish, Eminem, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande, Imagine Dragons, Lady Gaga, Kendrick 
Lamar, Lang Lang, Post Malone, Shawn Mendes, Kacey Musgraves, Katy Perry, Gregory Porter, Olivia Rodrigo, 
Sam Smith, Taylor Swift, Carrie Underwood, Keith Urban and The Weeknd. 
As a result of having such a broad array of frontline labels, label venture partners and label services, as well as 
the diversification of revenue streams, UMG is not reliant on one artist, or on a small number of artists, to generate 
revenue in any given year. In fact, the top 50 artists only accounted for 23% of UMG’s recorded music revenue 
in 2021. In addition to this artist diversification, UMG has strong and reliable revenue flows from its catalog 
(defined as content older than three years), which accounted for 58% of recorded music digital and physical 
revenue in 2021, while frontline product (content less than three years old) accounted for 42% of recorded music 
digital & physical revenue. 
UMG’s recorded music business is also geographically diverse. In 2021, North America accounted for 50% of 
UMG’s recorded music revenue, with Europe at 30%, Asia 13%, Latin America 3% and the rest of the world at 
4%. 
UMG’s Universal Music Publishing Group (“UMPG”) controls the publishing rights to a global catalog 
containing close to four million owned and administered compositions, including several of the world’s most 
popular songs. Major songwriters whose works are part of UMPG’s catalog include ABBA, Adele, The Beach 
Boys, Beastie Boys, The Bee Gees, Irving Berlin, Leonard Bernstein, Justin Bieber, Benny Blanco, Mariah Carey, 
Coldplay, Neil Diamond, Dua Lipa, Bob Dylan, Billie Eilish, Eminem, Future, Billy Joel, Elton John/Bernie 
Taupin, Alicia Keys, Kendrick Lamar, Dave Matthews, Pearl Jam, Post Malone, Britney Spears, Harry Styles, 
Taylor Swift, Justin Timberlake, U2 and many more. 
UMG’s relationships span the largest collection of artists of any company in the world. Successful relationships 
in one area of UMG’s business can also translate into broader sets of rights, as well as expanded relationships in 
other areas of the company’s operations. In addition, this broad network of artists allows UMG to more effectively 
partner with digital service providers, provides UMG with the most comprehensive view of technological trends 
across the industry, and elevates UMG as the early partner of choice for helping to develop industry business 
models for new service offerings, such as fitness, spatial audio, in-car audio, meditation and learning/play. 
This coverage universe provides UMG with extensive consumer data, which, along with the Group’s investment 
in analytics, allows UMG to draw deep insights and action plans, benefiting UMG’s artists as well as the Group, 
and further differentiating UMG as the partner of choice for artists at every stage of their careers. UMG’s industry-
leading, in terms of scope, data, analytics, engineering, and modeling, combined with the company’s network of 
content inventory and partner channels, have made the company an attractive media and advertising partner for 
some of the world’s biggest brands. 
UMG’s industry-leading position, in terms of market share, best-in-class artist development and continuous re-
investment in its business creates a virtuous cycle that benefits the company and its artists over time, which UMG 
believes puts its competitive position in a “category of one”. UMG’s success in adding new content, by breaking 
new artists, expanding its relationships with established artists and broadening its portfolio through its artist and 
label services business, further increases its importance to its retail partners and consumers. This leads to 
additional data and further insights into a broader set of consumer behaviors, which then helps better inform 
UMG’s decision making around artist investment and development, again, furthering UMG’s appeal to new artists 
and generating financial benefit to both UMG and its artists. 
Artist-centric focus and commitment 
Artists and songwriters are at the center of everything UMG does. UMG is focused on the long-term development 
of artists and songwriters and the company is built to serve their unique needs for each stage of their careers. UMG 
has consistently demonstrated the value it represents to an artist’s success. Producing and marketing music 
successfully requires significant upfront investment and involves collaborating with the best writers and 
producers. UMG invests more money and expertise through its staff of industry specialists than any other recorded 
music company in signing and developing talent. Combining these investments and expertise with UMG’s 
excellence in marketing and in promoting artists globally, enables UMG to consistently lead the industry in 
breaking artists. UMG has also strategically expanded the revenue streams of its artists from film, television,

--- Page 80 ---
77 
 
 
theater, merchandise, touring, ticketing and sponsorship. As a result, several iconic artists, including Taylor Swift, 
The Rolling Stones, Elton John, Aerosmith, Drake, Andrea Bocelli, and the Weeknd, among many others, recently 
signed (or re-signed) with UMG, solidifying the company’s position as their preferred partner. 
In a crowded marketplace, where approximately 60,000 new recordings are uploaded daily to Spotify, it has 
become harder than ever for an artist to break-through in a sea of music content. Doing so requires the professional 
expertise and resources of a major label, including a comprehensive approach to content creation, organic artist 
development, timing, marketing, promotion, financial investment, and forward planning. For this reason, UMG 
believes that traditional, high-touch, full-service label deals with its portfolio of world-renowned labels provide 
the most long-term value to an artist and greatly increase the commercial success, consumer base and longevity 
potential for artists at every stage of their careers. 
To work with the broadest set of artists, UMG offers a wide spectrum of services to meet the needs of independent 
labels, artists and entrepreneurs at every stage of their development, providing them with resources from global 
distribution, insights, data and marketing tools to fully staffed promotion, marketing and artist development teams, 
both regionally and globally. Through Virgin Music Artist & Label Services, as well as Ingrooves, UMG appeals 
to the broadest set of artists globally, and when mutually beneficial, can upstream artists into a more traditional, 
high-touch, full-service frontline label deal.  
True global infrastructure 
UMG operates in more countries and markets than any other recorded music company. With a diverse range of 
labels, UMG’s recorded music business has offices in more than 60 territories and is present across approximately 
200 markets. UMG’s physical presence in all of these territories, rather than relying on outsourced distribution or 
other business models, is critical to its continued growth and a key differentiator of the UMG approach. This 
enables UMG to better understand, and engage with, local artist and label communities and identify the key 
elements for success in each jurisdiction. UMG believes that its sustained investment and commitment to local 
music communities, including its established networks of artists, producers and creative executives, has given it 
a significant advantage in high growth markets as they have developed monetizable forms of music consumption. 
In order to best understand and be effective in each individual market and region, many of which have hugely 
diverse populations, dialects and cultures, UMG is reliant on its local, dynamic executive teams throughout each 
territory. These teams have been able to help build and contribute to the entire music ecosystem in the countries 
in which they operate, establishing UMG as a key stakeholder and trusted partner within each market. 
The local relationships and deep, broad experience of these management teams has also allowed UMG to expand 
the suite of services available to offer artists, labels, partners and clients, including artist and talent management, 
live booking and event promotions, brand and influencer partnerships, merchandising, music and brand licensing 
and other forms of Non-Recorded Income (“NRI”). The ability to offer these non-traditional services enables 
UMG to attract the best talent in each territory, which has resulted in a series of high-profile marquee artist 
signings around the world. 
A decade ago, when the industry revenue was in decline, other companies in the music industry attempted to save 
costs by closing local offices in smaller music markets and outsourcing distribution of their content. On the 
contrary, UMG continued to invest in local A&R, signing and developing local talent, and growing its networks 
in markets around the world. In recent years, UMG has established new offices in Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Israel, 
Kenya, Morocco, Nigeria, Senegal and Vietnam, among others, and expects to add operations in other markets in 
the near future. 
During the past five years, UMG has taken a holistic approach to expanding operations across Africa, opening 
new divisions in Nigeria, as well as becoming the first major music company to establish divisions in Kenya, Côte 
d’Ivoire, Senegal, Cameroon and Morocco, alongside UMG’s longstanding operations in South Africa. UMG has 
also led the industry in signing landmark licensing deals with local services and platform partners in order to 
ensure that music from UMG’s artists reaches audiences throughout Africa. UMG has introduced and launched 
both established and new label brands into the continent including Def Jam Africa, Motown and Afroforce1, while 
partnering with some of Africa’s most innovative, acclaimed and entrepreneurial talent such as Nigeria’s 
Aristokrat Group. Most recently, Ingrooves Music Group’s acquisition of leading South African independent 
distributor, based on chart performance, Electromode allowed UMG to enhance its digital, distribution and 
marketing services footprint across the continent.

--- Page 81 ---
78 
 
 
In Asia, UMG expanded its domestic operations within mainland China: opening a new UMPG publishing 
division, signing a series of innovative licensing agreements with new partners and platforms and launching 
several new label brands in order to attract new artist talent, drive new forms of income and revenue and increase 
the opportunities for Chinese talent to reach new audiences abroad. In 2019, UMG became the first major music 
company to enhance UMG’s regional presence by opening a new regional Southeast Asia headquarters in 
Singapore. This shift allowed the company to better position itself among key partners, stakeholders and brands, 
while also introducing a series of new, respected international labels into the market in order to attract the best 
artist talent from the region and capitalize on the growing regional popularity of genres including hip-hop and 
dance (Def Jam SEA, Astralwerks Asia, Island Records Philippines, Big Hit / HYBE, Red Records among others). 
In 2021, UMG widened its reach in India by entering into an exclusive global agreement with Indian music 
superstar and entrepreneur Badshah. Universal Music India also launched new labels dedicated to releasing new 
music made in popular regional dialects across South Asia, with the launch of the VYRL Punjabi, Haryanvi and 
Bhojpuri labels. In February 2022, UMG announced the launch of Def Jam India, a new label division within 
India and South Asia dedicated to representing the best hip-hop and rap talent from the region. 
UMG further expanded its strategic global/local approach in 2021 by launching Universal Arabic Music (UAM), 
a newly created label dedicated to discovering, introducing and championing the artists, sounds and rich musical 
culture of the Middle East & North Africa region to audiences around the world. 
UMG’s foresight to establish itself early in these territories, before they emerged as high-growth music markets, 
has better positioned the Group to benefit from the legitimate music economies that streaming has now begun to 
establish, replacing years of piracy-based music consumption with commercial opportunities. Using its strong 
relationships with several hundred local, regional and global digital service providers, UMG is actively working 
to break new domestic artists in markets around the world, as well as help those artists achieve regional and global 
success. At the same time, UMG actively works to expand the fan base of its roster of artists from more developed 
music markets, introducing them to new audiences in markets that did not previously have a clear path to 
monetization. As a result, domestic and global stars, as well as fans around the world, are benefitting from UMG’s 
physical presence in all of these territories. 
Social Responsibility 
UMG’s social responsibility program is centered around creating a more sustainable future with a focus on 
supporting culture and its creators, its employees and local communities. UMG’s work aligns with the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and UMG has adopted the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate Related Financial Disclosures. In addition, UMG’s All Together Now philanthropy program supports 
its employees’ good works, particularly across education and health & well-being – and especially related to music 
and the arts.  
In parallel, UMG’s Task Force for Meaningful Change (“TFMC”) works to support marginalized communities 
in the ongoing fight for equality, justice and inclusion. With board oversight, UMG continues to further build its 
central environmental, social, governance (“ESG”) policy and intends to put in place a UMG specific framework 
for action that further directs its activities towards building a sustainable future, with a particular focus on the 
well-being of: creators of music and the arts; its people and communities; and the environment. 
UMG History 
Home to recordings stretching back more than a century to 1898, the predecessor to UMG began in 1924 with the 
founding of Music Corporation of America (“MCA”), a music and talent agency, and expanded significantly over 
the last century through a series of acquisitions and through organic growth, eventually becoming the world’s 
largest music and entertainment company that it is today, based on revenue. 
In 1962, MCA acquired Decca Records, becoming home to music, film and television operations, with MCA 
subsequently being acquired by Japan’s Matsushita Electric Co. (“Matsushita”) in 1990. Five years later, 
Seagram Company Ltd. (“Seagram”) acquired 80% of MCA from Matsushita and the following year renamed 
MCA’s movie segment Universal Pictures and relaunched its music segment as Universal Music Group. 
In May 1998, Seagram acquired PolyGram, a joint venture between Phillips and Siemens that owned music labels 
including Polydor, Phonogram, Deutsche Grammophon, Island Records, Def Jam Recordings, A+M Records, 
London Recordings, Mercury Records, Fontana and Verve. A year later, Polygram was merged with UMG.

--- Page 82 ---
79 
 
 
In 2000, Vivendi S.E. (“Vivendi”) acquired Seagram, and gained full ownership of UMG in 2006 after buying 
the 20% stake still held by Matsushita. A year later, in 2007, UMG expanded its music publishing operations with 
the acquisition of the BMG Music Publishing catalog. 
In 2012, UMG acquired EMI Music, the recorded music division of the EMI Group, including record labels Angel, 
Astralwerks, Blue Note, Capitol, Capitol Latin, Capitol Records Nashville, EMI Classics, EMI CMG, EMI 
Records, EMI Records Nashville, Manhattan, Parlophone (which was subsequently divested), Virgin Classics and 
Virgin Records. 
UMG has also expanded outside of recorded music and music publishing. In 2007, UMG acquired Sanctuary, a 
merchandising, live agency and artist management business, most of which was subsequently divested. The 
merchandising arm of Sanctuary eventually became UMG’s merchandising division, Bravado. In 2014, UMG 
acquired Eagle Rock Entertainment, enhancing the company’s presence in audio-visual content. In 2019, UMG 
further expanded its merchandising business with the addition of Epic Rights. 
In March 2020, Vivendi completed the sale of a 10% stake in UMG to a Tencent-led Consortium (as defined 
below). In addition, a separate agreement was entered into on March 31, 2020, granting Tencent Music 
Entertainment an option to acquire a minority interest in the share capital of Universal International Music B.V. 
(“UIM”), UMG’s subsidiary that owns its operations in Greater China. The Tencent-led Consortium, after 
exercising its call option, acquired an additional 10% stake in UIM from Vivendi in January 2021. 
In February 2021, as part of a company restructuring, the shareholders of Universal Music Group, Inc. (“UMGI”) 
and UIM, being Vivendi, Concerto Investment B.V. (“Concerto”) and Scherzo Investment B.V. (“Scherzo”, and 
together with Concerto, the “Tencent-led Consortium”) contributed their shares held in UMGI and UIM, 
representing all of the issued capital of both UMGI and UIM, to the Company in exchange for newly issued shares 
in the Company, as a consequence whereof the Company became the sole holding company of the Group. 
More recently, following (i) the execution of definitive agreements between Pershing Square Tontine Holdings 
Ltd (“Tontine”) and Vivendi on June 20, 2021 and (ii) the assignment agreement entered into between Tontine, 
Pershing Square Holdings, Ltd., Pershing Square L.P., Pershing Square International Ltd. and PS VII Master, L.P. 
(together the “Pershing Entities”) on July 18, 2021 (and notified to Vivendi on the same date), the Pershing 
Entities assigned the share purchase agreement to Pershing Square Holdings, Ltd. and completed the acquisition 
of a 7.09% stake in the Company from Vivendi on August 10, 2021 for an aggregate purchase price of US$2.8 
billion, and subsequent acquisition of a 2.91% stake in the Company from Vivendi on September 9, 2021 for an 
aggregate purchase price of US$1.15 billion. 
In September 2021, UMG announced the publication of a prospectus in connection with the admission to trading 
and official listing of its shares on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam in the context of an intended 
distribution by Vivendi of up to 60% of Vivendi’s stake in the Company to Vivendi’s shareholders by way of a 
distribution in kind. The listing of and trading in the shares of the Company on Euronext Amsterdam under symbol 
UMG commenced on September 21, 2021. 
Intellectual Property 
The success of UMG’s business depends on its ability to protect and enforce its vast selection of intellectual 
property rights, including copyrights and trademarks. UMG protects its intellectual property under patent, trade 
secret, trademark, and copyright laws through a combination of intellectual property registration, employee or 
third-party assignment and nondisclosure agreements, other contractual restrictions, technological measures, and 
other methods.  
Copyrights 
UMG’s business, like that of other companies involved in the music entertainment industry, depends on its ability 
to maintain rights in sound recordings and musical compositions through copyright protection. In the United 
States, copyright protection for works created as “works made for hire” (e.g. works of employees or certain 
specially commissioned works) on or after January 1, 1978 generally lasts for 95 years from first publication or 
120 years from creation, whichever expires first. The period of copyright protection for works created on or after 
January 1, 1978 that are not “works made for hire” lasts for the life of the author plus 70 years. Works created and 
published or registered in the United States prior to January 1, 1978 generally enjoy copyright protection for 95 
years, subject to compliance with certain statutory provisions including notice and renewal. Additionally, the 
Music Modernization Act extended federal protection in the US to sound recordings created prior to February 15,

--- Page 83 ---
80 
 
 
1972. The duration of protection for such sound recordings varies based on the year of publication, with all such 
sound recordings receiving protection for at least 95 years, and sound recordings published between January 1, 
1957 and February 15, 1972 receiving copyright protection until February 15, 2067.  
The term of copyright in the European Union for musical compositions in all Member States lasts for the life of 
the author plus 70 years. In the European Union, the term of copyright for sound recordings lasts for 70 years 
from the date of release in respect of sound recordings that were still in copyright on November 1, 2013 and for 
50 years from date of release in respect of sound recordings the copyright in which had expired by that date. The 
European Union also harmonized the copyright term for joint musical works. In the case of a musical composition 
with words that is protected by copyright on or after November 1, 2013, Member States of the European Union 
are required to calculate the life of the author plus 70 years term from the date of death of the last surviving author 
of the lyrics and the composer of the musical composition, provided that both contributions were specifically 
created for the musical composition. 
UMG is largely dependent on legislation in each territory in which it operates to protect its rights against 
unauthorized reproduction, distribution, public performance or rental. In all territories where UMG operates, its 
intellectual property receives some degree of copyright protection, although the extent of effective protection 
varies widely. In a number of developing countries, the protection of copyright remains inadequate. 
Technological changes have focused attention on the need for new legislation that will adequately protect the 
rights of producers. UMG actively lobbies in favor of industry efforts to increase copyright protection and support 
the efforts of organizations such as Recording Industry Association of America (“RIAA”), International 
Federation of the Phonographic Industry (“IFPI”), National Music Publishers’ Association, International 
Confederation of Music Publishers and the World Intellectual Property Organization. 
Trademarks 
UMG considers its trademarks to be valuable assets to its business. The major trademarks owned by or licensed 
to UMG include A&M, ABBA, Abbey Road, Blue Note, Bravado, Def Jam Recordings, Capitol, Casablanca, 
Decca, Deutsche Grammophon, Eagle Rock, EMI, Geffen, Interscope, Island, London, Mercury, MCA, Motown, 
Now That’s What I Call Music (outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland), Polydor, Polygram, 
Republic, Universal Music, Verve and Virgin. Although UMG cannot be assured that its trademark applications, 
even for major trademarks, will be approved, UMG endeavors to register its major trademarks in every country 
where it believes the protection of these trademarks is important for its business. UMG also uses certain 
trademarks pursuant to license agreements entered into with the owner of the trademarks. The duration of UMG’s 
licenses relating to Virgin and Def Jam Recordings is perpetual and the earliest termination date for UMG’s license 
relating to Universal Music is 2029, but may be terminated under certain limited circumstances, including its 
material breach of the license agreement and certain events of insolvency. UMG actively monitors and seeks to 
protect against activities that might infringe, dilute or otherwise harm its trademarks. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which UMG is aware), during a period covering the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on UMG and/or the Group’s financial position or 
profitability 
John Waite, Syd Straw, The Dickies, Kasim Sulton and The Dream Syndicate against UMG Recordings, Inc. 
On February 5, 2019, a class action lawsuit was filed against UMG Recordings, Inc. on behalf of a putative class 
of all recording artists who had requested the termination of purported grants of US copyright rights in sound 
recordings to UMG pursuant to Section 203 of the Copyright Act which allows, under certain conditions, a creator 
who has contractually granted the rights to his or her work to a third party to terminate US rights under such grants 
after 35 years. The complaints seek to have the court recognize the termination of alleged US grants of the artists 
involved in the litigation and also alleges copyright infringement, where UMG continued to use the recordings in 
the US after the purported termination of the alleged grant. On June 15, 2019, the plaintiffs filed a First Amended 
Complaint adding artists Syd Straw, Kasim Sulton and The Dickies as additional plaintiffs. On August 31, 2020, 
the plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint, adding the Dream Syndicate as an additional plaintiff and 
Capitol Records as an additional defendant. On September 30, 2020, UMG and Capitol Records filed a response 
in which they brought a counterclaim against plaintiffs Joe Ely and Syd Straw, alleging that they had exploited 
certain recordings owned by them without authorization. On November 18, 2020, following a settlement reached 
between UMG and Joe Ely, Ely’s claims were dismissed by the court. On April 15, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a 
motion for class certification and a partial summary judgment motion, and the defendants filed a motion for

--- Page 84 ---
81 
 
 
summary judgment against Kasim Sulton on his copyright infringement claim and against Syd Straw on Capitol 
Records’ infringement counterclaim. These motions are currently being briefed. 
UMG Recordings, Inc. and UMPG (along with the other major labels and publishers) against Cox 
Communications, Inc. and CoxCom LLC 
On July 31, 2018, a complaint for copyright infringement was filed by UMG Recordings, Inc. and UMPG (along 
with the other major labels and publishers including Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group) against 
Cox Communications, an Internet access and service provider, and its parent company CoxCom, for knowingly 
inducing and supporting copyright infringement by its customers, contrary to the provisions of the Digital 
Millennium Copyright Act 1998, which requires an Internet service provider to implement a termination policy 
against its repeat infringing customers. At the end of the trial, which took place in December 2019, the jury 
awarded the plaintiffs US$1 billion in damages. Cox Communications filed a motion to reduce the jury’s damages 
award, as well as for judgment as a matter of law on the plaintiffs’ infringement claims. On January 21, 2021, the 
motion was denied, and the judge upheld the jury’s verdict in the amount of $1 billion. UMG has in progress 
similar cases against other Internet access and service providers. 
SAMR Investigation 
In August 2019, UMG received a notice of investigation from State Administration for Market Regulation 
(“SAMR”), the enforcement arm of the Chinese government in charge of investigating market competition, 
monopolies and intellectual property, stating that it was opening an anti-monopoly investigation into licensing 
activities in that jurisdiction. An adverse finding against UMG could result in financial penalties as well as other 
measures. 
David Marks against UMG Recordings, Inc. and Capitol Records, LLC 
In May 2021, David Marks, a former member of The Beach Boys, filed a putative class action against UMG in 
federal court in California, purporting to represent a nationwide class of recording artists as to whom he alleges 
UMG has underpaid royalties derived from streaming activity outside the United States. After the court granted 
UMG’s motion to dismiss plaintiff’s first amended complaint on August 31, 2021, Marks filed a second amended 
complaint which, among other things, added Capitol Records, LLC as a defendant. On January 6, 2022, UMG 
filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint, which the court granted with prejudice on April 6, 2022. 
The plaintiff filed an appeal on May 3, 2022, which is pending. An adverse ruling could result in monetary, 
injunctive or other equitable relief. 
Other proceedings that UMG expects to not have a significant effect on UMG and/or the Group’s financial 
position or profitability 
In addition to the matters discussed above, UMG is involved in various litigation and regulatory proceedings 
arising in the normal course of business. Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation 
and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a given matter, UMG establishes an accrual. In the 
current pending proceedings, the amount of accrual is not material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or 
range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time due to various factors typical 
in contested proceedings, including (i) the results of ongoing discovery; (ii) uncertain damage theories and 
demands; (iii) a less than complete factual record; (iv) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution 
by courts or regulators; and (v) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. However, UMG 
cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any litigation or the potential for future litigation. As such, UMG 
continuously monitors these proceedings as they develop and adjusts any accrual or disclosure as needed. 
Regardless of the outcome, litigation could have an adverse impact on UMG, including UMG’s brand value, 
because of defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors, and it could have a material effect 
on UMG’s results of operations for a given reporting period. 
Provisions recorded by the Group for all claims and litigation were €4 million as of December 31, 2021, €4 million 
as of December 31, 2020 and €12 million as of December 31, 2019.

--- Page 85 ---
82 
 
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Introduction 
Universal Music Group N.V. is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) and was incorporated 
on 4 December 2020 under Dutch law as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with the name Universal Music Group B.V. The commercial name is “Universal 
Music”. As part of the terms of the first admission to listing and trading of all of the ordinary shares in the share 
capital of the Company (together, the “Shares”) on Euronext Amsterdam, and in accordance with applicable law, 
the Company amended its articles of association (the “Articles of Association”) and converted to a public limited 
liability company (naamloze vennootschap) by way of a notarial deed dated 20 September 2021.  
The Company’s statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The registered office address of the Company is 
‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, the Netherlands. The telephone number of the Company is +31 (0) 
88 62 61 500. The Company is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce of the Netherlands 
(Kamer van Koophandel) under number 81106661. Its legal entity identifier is 724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18. 
Unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any Notes. Other than 
the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website have not been scrutinized 
or approved by the AFM. 
Corporate objects 
The Company’s corporate objects are included in article 4 of the Articles of Association. 
The objects of the Company are: 
a) to incorporate, to participate in any way whatsoever in, to manage, to supervise businesses and 
companies; 
b) to finance businesses and companies; 
c) to borrow, to lend and to raise funds, including the issue of bonds, promissory notes or other securities 
or evidence of indebtedness as well as to enter into agreements in connection with aforementioned 
activities; 
d) to render advice and services to businesses and companies with which the Company forms a group and 
to third parties; 
e) to grant guarantees, to bind the Company and to pledge its assets for obligations of the Company, its 
group companies and/or third parties; 
f) 
to acquire, alienate, manage and exploit registered property and items of property in general; 
g) to trade in currencies, securities and items of property in general; 
h) to develop and trade in patents, trademarks, licenses, know-how and other intellectual and industrial 
property rights; and 
i) 
to perform any and all activities of an industrial, financial or commercial nature,  
and to do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto, all to be interpreted in the broadest sense. 
Share capital 
The Company’s shares are subject to and have been created under Dutch law. 
Under Dutch law, a company’s authorized share capital sets out the maximum amount and number of shares that 
it may issue without amending its articles of association.

--- Page 86 ---
83 
 
 
The Articles of Association provide for an authorized share capital in an amount of €27,000,000,000 (twenty-
seven billion euro) divided into 2,700,000,000 (two billion seven hundred million) shares with a nominal value of 
€10.00 per Share. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s issued share capital is divided into 
1,813,375,796 (one billion eight-hundred-and-thirteen million three-hundred-and-seventy-five thousand and 
seven-hundred-and-ninety-six) Shares. All Shares are in registered form (op naam) and are only available in the 
form of an entry in the Company’s shareholders’ register. No certificates (aandeelbewijzen) are issued.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s issued share capital is fully paid up. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company holds 466,783 (four-hundred-and-sixty-six thousand and 
seven-hundred-and-eighty-three) Shares as treasury shares. 
Major shareholders 
Based on applicable Dutch legislation, the holder of a substantial holding or gross short position that equals, 
exceeds or falls below 3 per cent. (or one of the other statutory thresholds) of the issued share capital of an issuer, 
should notify the AFM. These notifications are subsequently included in a public register kept by the AFM. As 
per relevant filings made with the AFM up to the date of this Base Prospectus, the major shareholders of the Issuer 
are Concerto Partners LLC3, Vivendi SE, V. Bolloré4,5 and W.A. Ackman. Further details are available at 
www.afm.nl. 
The table below includes the total percentages of capital interests and voting rights registered in the public register 
held by the AFM. 
Shareholder 
Capital interest 
Voting rights 
Concerto Partners LLC
20.00%
48.03%6
Vivendi SE
10.03%
48.03%7
V. Bolloré
18.01%
48.04%8
W.A. Ackman
10.00%
10.00%
It is possible that the stated percentages of capital interest and voting rights in the Company differ from the actual 
percentages of capital interest in the Company as shareholders are only required to notify the AFM in the event 
that their percentage of capital interests or voting rights in the Company reaches, exceeds or falls below one of 
the thresholds (3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 75% and 95%). Furthermore, actual 
percentages of capital interests and voting rights in the Company may slightly differ from the percentages 
registered in the public register held by the AFM, because any shares held in treasury by the Company will be 
counted also in the relevant denominators for purposes of Dutch law disclosure obligations and therefore for the 
table above, although such treasury shares cannot be regarded to be part of the Company’s “issued share capital”.  
Relationship Agreement 
On September 8, 2021, Vivendi SE, Concerto Investment B.V., Scherzo Investment B.V., Compagnie de l’Odet 
and Compagnie de Cornouaille entered into a relationship agreement (the “Relationship Agreement”), which was 
co-signed by the Company for agreement and acknowledgement of certain provisions. 
Amongst other things, the parties to the Relationship Agreement have agreed, among others, to consult with one 
another prior to each General Meeting in order to form, to the extent possible, a common view in respect of the 
various items related to the subjects included in and the obligations of the parties under the Relationship 
 
3 Tencent-led Consortium held via Sherzo Investment B.V. and Concerto Investment B.V., who each hold 10%. 
4 Held via Bolloré Participations SE, Omnium Bolloré, Financière V, Sofibol, Compagnie de l’Odet, Bolloré SE 
and Compagnie de Cornouaille. 
5 Each of Concerto Partners LLC, Vivendi SE and V. Bolloré have provided notifications in relation to an indirect 
voting interest of 48.03% in the share capital of the Company pursuant to the Relationship Agreement (as defined 
herein), which represents the collective amount of their individual voting interests. 
6 Shared voting rights with Vivendi SE and V.Bolloré pursuant to the Relationship Agreement.  
7 Shared voting rights with Concerto Partners LLC and V.Bolloré pursuant to the Relationship Agreement.  
8 Shared voting rights with Concerto Partners LLC and Vivendi SE pursuant to the Relationship Agreement.

--- Page 87 ---
84 
 
 
Agreement concerning the right of the consortium consisting of Concerto Investment B.V. and Scherzo 
Investment B.V. (the “Tencent-led Consortium”) to designate up to two Non-Executive Directors for appointment 
by the General Meeting. 
In addition, the parties to the Relationship Agreement have agreed upon the Company’s dividend policy and shall 
undertake to do such that is necessary in order to comply with the Company’s dividend policy, pursuant to which 
the Company intends, on an annual basis, to pay dividends to all Shareholders, on a pro rata basis in two semi-
annual installments, in the aggregate amount of not less than 50% of the Company’s net profits, subject to agreed 
non-cash items and applicable law, and as calculated in accordance with the provisions set out in the Relationship 
Agreement. 
Furthermore, the Relationship Agreement provides arrangements concerning consultation, Dutch mandatory 
takeover rules, sale of shares, information sharing and termination of the agreement. 
Subsidiaries 
The Company is the holding company of the Group. 
The following structure chart illustrates the simplified structure of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
The following is a list of material subsidiaries, based on their contribution to the consolidated financial 
performance and/or position of the Group as at December 31, 2021. 
Name  
Country of incorporation  
% of shares and voting 
rights held 
Universal Music Group, Inc. 
United States 
100 
Universal Music Group Holdings, Inc.
United States 
100 
UMG Recordings, Inc. 
United States 
100 
Universal International Music B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
Universal Music Entertainment GmbH 
Germany 
100 
Universal Music LLC 
Japan 
100 
Universal Music Holdings Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
100 
Universal Music Group Treasury S.A.S. 
France 
100

--- Page 88 ---
85 
 
 
Funding 
To fund its business activities and operations, the Company expects to have all or part of the following debt 
funding sources available: 
 (i) internally generated cash flows; 
(ii) EUR 2,000,000,000 under a revolving credit facility which matures on April 26, 2026; 
(iii) EUR 1,000,000,000 under a term loan facility which matures on October 26, 2026 and is payable in five 
yearly instalments beginning on October 26, 2022; 
 (iv) public or private debt issuances under the Programme; 
(v) issue of perpetual capital securities; 
(vi) borrowing debt via other instruments such as US private placements;  
(vii) USD 500 million under a revolving credit facility (through UMGI) which matures on November 15, 2022 ; 
and 
(viii) issuances of negotiable European commercial paper. 
Corporate Governance  
Set out below is a summary of relevant information as well as a brief summary of certain significant provisions 
of the Articles of Association and Dutch corporate law in force on the date of this Base Prospectus concerning the 
Board. 
This section gives an overview of the material information concerning the Board, the Corporate Executives and a 
brief overview of certain provisions of Dutch law and the Articles of Association. 
This overview does not purport to give a complete overview and is qualified in its entirety by Dutch law as in 
force on the date of this Base Prospectus, the Articles of Association and the Board regulations 
(bestuursreglement) (the “Board Regulations”). This overview does not constitute legal advice regarding those 
matters and should not be regarded as such. The full text of the Articles of Association is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus and is available free of charge in the governing Dutch language thereof (and an unofficial 
English translation) at the offices of the Company during business hours and in electronic form on the Company’s 
website (https://universalmusic.com/Universal_Music_Group_N.V._-_Articles_of_Association). The full text of 
the Board Regulations in the English language is available in electronic form on the Company’s website 
(https://investors.universalmusic.com/governance). 
Management structure 
The Company has a one-tier board structure (the “Board”) comprising of executive and non-executive directors 
(the “Executive Directors” and “Non-Executive Directors” and each of them a “Director”). The Executive 
Directors are primarily responsible for all day-to-day operations of the Company. The Non-Executive Directors 
supervise (i) the Executive Directors’ policy and performance of duties and (ii) the Company’s general affairs and 
its business, and render advice and direction to the Executive Directors. The Directors furthermore perform any 
duties allocated to them under or pursuant to the law or the Articles of Association. Each Director has a duty to 
the Company to properly perform the duties assigned to him or her and to act in its corporate interest. Under Dutch 
law, the Company’s corporate interest extends to the interests of all its stakeholders, including its shareholders, 
creditors and employees. 
Powers, responsibilities and functioning of the Board 
The Board is the executive and supervisory body of the Company. It is entrusted with the management of the 
Company, it supervises the general course of affairs in the Company and the business affiliated with the Company 
and is responsible for the continuity of the Company. The Board is accountable for these matters to the Company’s 
general meeting (the “General Meeting”).

--- Page 89 ---
86 
 
 
The Board’s responsibilities include, among other things, developing a view on long-term value creation by the 
Company, determining the Company’s strategy and risk management policy, appointing and dismissing the senior 
internal auditor, annually assessing the way in which the internal audit function fulfils its responsibility and 
approving the audit plan drawn up by the internal audit function, ensuring compliance with legislation and 
regulations and the corporate governance structure of the Company, and publishing the corporate structure of the 
Company and any other information required under the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) (“Dutch Civil 
Code”) and Dutch Corporate Governance Code. 
The Articles of Association provide that the Board shall consist of one or more Executive Directors and one or 
more Non-Executive Directors. The number of Executive Directors and the number of Non-Executive Directors 
shall be determined by the Board. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the number of Directors is fourteen, 
comprising of two Executive Directors and twelve Non-Executive Directors.The Directors are appointed by the 
General Meeting at the non-binding nomination of the Board. A nomination by the Board shall state whether a 
person is nominated for appointment as Executive Director or Non- Executive Director. The person so nominated 
is appointed by a resolution adopted by the General Meeting with a simple majority of the votes cast. 
A Director shall be appointed for a maximum period of two years, provided, however, that his or her term of office 
shall lapse immediately after the close of the first annual General Meeting held in the second year after his or her 
appointment. A Director may be reappointed with due observance of the preceding sentence. At the proposal of 
the Board, the General Meeting may resolve to deviate from the maximum period of two years. 
The Articles of Association provide that each Non-Executive Director may be in office for a period of not more 
than twelve years, unless at the proposal of the Board the General Meeting resolves otherwise. A Non-Executive 
Director’s term of office shall lapse in accordance with the retirement schedule drawn up by the Board. 
The General Meeting may at all times suspend or dismiss any Director. The Board may at all times suspend an 
Executive Director. A suspension may be extended one or more times but may not last longer than three months 
in aggregate. If at the end of that period, no decision has been taken on the termination of the suspension or on 
dismissal, the suspension shall end. A suspension can be terminated by the General Meeting at any time. 
The independency of Non-Executive Directors in accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code is 
assessed prior to their nomination for appointment on the Board and, thereafter, annually. 
The Board remains accountable for the performance and affairs of the Company. As at the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the Board has appointed from amongst its Non-Executive Directors three committees to assist it to 
discharge its duties: an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration 
Committee”), and a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”). The Board may appoint additional 
committees from time to time, as it deems necessary and appropriate to carry out its responsibilities and oversight 
function. 
Composition of the Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board is comprised of the following Directors. 
Name  
Age 
Position 
Member from  
Term 
Sir Lucian Grainge  
62 
Chairman & Chief Executive 
Officer and Executive Director
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
Vincent Vallejo  
61 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer, 
Corporate and Executive Director
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
Judy Craymer  
64 
Chairman of the Board and 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024  
Antoine Fievet  
58 
Vice Chairman of the Board and 
Independent Non- Executive 
Director
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024  
William A. Ackman 
56 
Non-Executive Director 
May 12, 2022 
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024
Nicole Avant 
54 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
May 12, 2022 
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024
Cyrille Bolloré 
36 
Non-Executive Director 
May 12, 2022 
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024
Anna Jones  
47 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024

--- Page 90 ---
87 
 
 
Sherry Lansing 
77 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
May 12, 2022 
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024
Cathia Lawson-Hall  
50 
Non-Executive Director 
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
James Mitchell  
48 
Non-Executive Director 
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
Luc Van Os  
55 
Non-Executive Director 
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
Margaret 
Frerejean-
Taittinger 
36 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
Manning Doherty  
49 
Non-Executive Director 
September 20, 2021  
Until 
Annual 
General 
Meeting to be held in 2024 
The Company’s registered address, ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, The Netherlands, serves as the 
business address for all members of the Board. 
Biographical Details of the Executive Directors  
Sir Lucian Grainge (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer) 
Sir Lucian Grainge has spent his entire career in the music industry and has signed and worked with many 
worldwide stars, including ABBA, Jay Z, Elton John, Katy Perry, Queen, Rihanna, The Rolling Stones, Sam 
Smith, U2 and Amy Winehouse, among many others. Over the span of four decades, he has not only pioneered 
new approaches to the signing and development of the world’s most successful recording artists and songwriters 
but he has consistently championed the development of innovative business models and partnerships with a wide 
range of technology and media partners around the world. He has transformed UMG into the most successful 
company in the history of the music industry, both competitively and financially, and his vision and leadership is 
widely recognized as having returned the entire industry to growth after many years of decline. In 2011, he led 
UMG’s successful acquisition of the recorded music assets of the legendary British music company EMI, 
revitalizing its iconic Capitol Records, and, in the process, further strengthening UMG’s position as the global 
leader in music. 
A native of London, Sir Lucian was bestowed with a knighthood in 2016 by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in 
the Queen’s 90th Birthday Honours list for accomplishments in the music industry and leadership through its 
challenging times, contributions to British business and inward investment, as well as his development of 
innovative business models, technology and media partnerships that have expanded UMG’s global presence. 
He serves on the board of Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Vincent Vallejo (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate) 
Based at the Company’s corporate headquarters in Hilversum, The Netherlands, and reporting to UMG’s 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sir Lucian Grainge, Vincent Vallejo led a number of corporate initiatives 
related to the Company’s listing on Euronext Amsterdam. Vallejo has worked closely across UMG matters since 
joining Vivendi in 1998, most recently as SVP, Audit & Special Projects. Prior to joining Vivendi, Vallejo held 
positions at AGF-ALLIANZ France (Deputy CFO) and Ernst & Young Paris and Madrid. He received an MBA 
from Montpellier University and a Master of Science from Cornell-Essec, Cergy-Pontoise, France. 
Biographical Details of the Non-Executive Directors  
Judy Craymer (Chairman of the Board and Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Judy Craymer is an award-winning producer who has extensive experience in the theatre, film, television and 
music industries. She originated the idea of MAMMA MIA! and co-founded Littlestar Services Ltd. in 1996 with 
Benny Andersson, Björn Ulvaeus and Richard East to produce the musical in London. Since then, she has 
produced 50 productions of MAMMA MIA! in 16 languages around the world, in addition to numerous other hit 
productions. In 2008, she produced MAMMA MIA! THE MOVIE, which went on to become the highest-grossing 
live-action musical of all time. Ten years later, she produced MAMMA MIA! HERE WE GO AGAIN which at 
that time became the most successful live-action musical movie sequel of all time. She graduated from the 
Guildhall School of Music & Drama in 1977 and in 2006 was awarded an Honorary Fellowship. In the Queen’s 
Birthday Honours list of 2007, Craymer was honored with an MBE for her contribution to the music industry and 
in 2020, she was awarded a CBE for her services to theatre and charity.

--- Page 91 ---
88 
 
 
Antoine Fievet (Vice Chairman of the Board and Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Antoine Fievet is the Chairman and CEO of the Bel Group, a world leader in branded cheese and a major player 
in the healthy snack market with 33 production sites and a distribution network spanning nearly 120 countries. 
His three decades of professional experience include 20 years as Bel Group’s CEO, where he has additionally 
served as Chairman since 2009. Under Fievet’s leadership, Bel Group adopted concrete actions to address 
sustainable agriculture, healthy food, responsible packaging, the fight against climate change and product 
accessibility. Fievet received a graduate degree from Université Paris II Panthéon Assas and an undergraduate 
degree from Institut Supérieur de Gestion. 
Anna Jones (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Anna Jones is the CEO and co-founder of AllBright, the global women’s network and members’ club founded in 
2017 to connect, upskill and inspire professional women. She has more than 15 years of experience in leadership 
roles with broad and deep expertise in content, digital disruption, strategic growth and business transformation. 
Prior to founding AllBright, Jones served as CEO of Hearst Magazines U.K. from 2014 to 2017, where she 
oversaw 24 media brands that together formed a network of content and experiences across multiple platforms 
that reached a quarter of all U.K. adults. As Hearst Magazines U.K.’s Chief Operating Officer from 2011 to 2014, 
she had strategic and operational responsibility for the business overall, following the acquisition and integration 
of Hachette Filipacchi in 2011. Jones has additionally served on the board of the Creative Industries Federation, 
a national membership organisation for the public arts, cultural education and creative industries, from 2015 to 
2019. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Business Management from Newcastle University. 
Cathia Lawson-Hall (Non-Executive Director) 
Cathia Lawson-Hall is Head of Coverage and Investment Banking for Africa for Société Générale, where she 
oversees the overall relationship and strategic consulting with governments, large corporates and financial 
institutions in Africa. Previously, she served as Managing Director, Co-Head of Debt Capital Markets for 
corporates in France, Belgium and Luxembourg. Lawson-Hall joined Société Générale in 1999 as a financial 
analyst covering the telecommunications and media sectors before moving into financial consulting. She has more 
than 25 years of experience in financial services, starting as a corporate finance professor at the University of 
Paris-Dauphine. Lawson-Hall is the founding member of the acquisition committee of African Modern and 
Contemporary Art at the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris. Lawson-Hall holds a Master’s degree and a 
postgraduate degree (DEA) in Finance from Paris Dauphine University in France. 
James Mitchell (Non-Executive Director) 
James Mitchell is Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Tencent Holdings Limited 
(HKEX:0700), where he has worked since July 2011. Mr. Mitchell has also served as the Chairman and Non-
Executive Director of the board of China Literature Limited (HKEX: 0772) since June 2017. He is also a director 
of certain other listed companies including Frontier Developments Plc (AIM: FDEV), NIO Inc. (NYSE: NIO) and 
Tencent Music Entertainment Group (NYSE: TME). He also holds directorships in various unlisted companies. 
Prior to joining Tencent, Mr. Mitchell was a managing director at Goldman Sachs. He received a Bachelor of Arts 
degree from Oxford University and holds a Chartered Financial Analyst Certification. 
Luc Van Os (Non-Executive Director) 
Luc van Os is co-owner of Misset Uitgeverij, a B2B publisher of multi-media brands for the agricultural sector, 
and of Rendement Uitgeverij, a B2B multi-media publisher specialized in HR, fiscal and salary information. 
Previously, he served for 12 years as CEO of Hearst Netherlands and its predecessors, home to titles including 
Harper’s Bazaar, Elle, Quote and Cosmopolitan. Prior to serving as CEO, he held different leadership roles at 
Hearst and its predecessors, Hachette Filipacchi Media and Quote Media. Under his leadership, Hearst became 
the largest upscale magazine publisher in the Netherlands. Mr. van Os also serves as a member of the Supervisory 
Board of de Mediafederatie, the national association of media companies and publishers in the Netherlands. 
Additionally, he is a member of the Supervisory Board of VNO-NCW, the national employers association in the 
Netherlands. 
 
Margaret Frerejean-Taittinger (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Margaret Frerejean-Taittinger is the co-founder of French Bloom, a company that specializes in organic alcohol-
free sparkling wines. Serving as Chief Marketing Officer, Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger has successfully positioned

--- Page 92 ---
89 
 
 
French Bloom as the market leader of the ultra-premium 0.0% category with presence in more than 15 markets. 
Previously, she served as International Development Manager for the Michelin Guide, the renowned restaurant 
rating system that publishes its yearly selections in over 35 countries. In this role, Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger led the 
expansion of the Michelin Guide working towards doubling its international footprint over a period of five years. 
Prior to Michelin, she served as the Director of Communications and Marketing for Laboratories Surface-Paris, a 
beauty company that specializes in cosmeceutical skincare. Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger also spent eight years in the 
International Development field, addressing cross-sector challenges to sustainable development with a focus on 
education and micro-finance in East Africa. She holds a Master of Development Practice from L’Institut d’Etudes 
Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po), where she graduated Summa Cum Laude. 
 
Manning Doherty (Non-Executive Director) 
Manning Doherty is Senior Vice President of GIC Pte Ltd., Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund, where he sits in 
the Integrated Strategies Group that primarily focuses on public and private debt and equity investments globally. 
Doherty is a bilingual investment professional, whose career spans senior roles in equity research, private equity 
and special situation investment and monitoring in Asia and the U.S. Prior to GIC, he served as Managing Director 
of Mount Kellett Capital from 2011 to 2015 and Managing Director of Oaktree Capital Management from 2006 
to 2011. Doherty has specialized knowledge in providing strategic review to develop adjacent business lines; 
improvement of KPI monitoring and decision making; broadening Company contacts across industry; and the 
evaluation of strategic M&A and corporate finance actions. He holds an MBA from The Wharton School at the 
University of Pennsylvania, where he also earned a Master’s degree in International Studies from the Lauder 
Institute. He also holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario in Canada. 
William A. Ackman (Non-Executive Director) 
Bill Ackman is the CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P., an investment firm he founded in 2003. 
Mr. Ackman is Chairman of The Howard Hughes Corporation (NYSE:HHC) and Chairman and CEO of Pershing 
Square Tontine Holdings, Ltd. (NYSE:PSTH), a special purpose acquisition company. He serves as a member of 
the Investor Advisory Committee on Financial Markets for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and as a 
member of the Board of Dean’s Advisors of the Harvard Business School. He served as a director of Bausch 
Health Companies Inc. from March 2016 to May 2017. Mr. Ackman is co-trustee of the Pershing Square 
Foundation, a family foundation. Mr. Ackman received an MBA from the Harvard Business School and a 
Bachelor of Arts magna cum laude from Harvard College. 
Nicole Avant (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Nicole Avant served as the 13th U.S. Ambassador to The Bahamas after being nominated by President Barack 
Obama and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate, becoming the youngest as well as the first African 
American woman to hold the position. In addition to her international diplomatic work, Ambassador Avant brings 
deep commercial insight and knowledge of the media industries. Most recently, she has focused her efforts on 
developing films and television and produced the critically acclaimed and award-winning documentary, The Black 
Godfather, for Netflix. Previously, she served as Vice President of Interior Music Publishing and currently serves 
on the Board of Membership Collective Group, Inc., the holding company of the Soho House social clubs. 
Throughout her career, Ambassador Avant has also pursued an array of business and philanthropic ventures. 
Ambassador Avant graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Communications from California State 
University, Northridge in 1991.  
Cyrille Bolloré (Non-Executive Director) 
Cyrille Bolloré serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bolloré Group, a family-controlled holding 
company which is among UMG’s largest investors and among the 500 largest companies in the world with focused 
investments in transportation and logistics, communication, electricity storage and solutions. At Bolloré Group, 
he additionally serves as Chairman of Bolloré Transport & Logistics Corporate, Chairman of BlueElec, Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board of Sofibol, Chairman of the Management Board of Compagnie du Cambodge, and Vice-
Chairman of Compagnie de l’Odet, as a Director of Bolloré Participations SE, Financière V, Omnium Bolloré, 
Société Industrielle et Financière de l’Artois, Financière du Champ de Mars, SFA SA, Nord Sumatra 
Investissements, and Plantations des Terres Rouges, as a permanent representative on the Boards of Financière 
Moncey, Bolloré Africa Logistics, Bolloré Logistics, and Sogetra, and as a member of the Supervisory Board of 
JCDecaux Bolloré Holding. In addition, Mr. Bolloré serves as a director on the boards of several prominent 
companies, including on the Supervisory Board of Vivendi SE, and also serves on the Board of Socfinasia, and as

--- Page 93 ---
90 
 
 
a permanent representative on the Board of Socfinaf. Mr. Bolloré is a graduate of Paris Dauphine University, and 
he holds a Master’s degree in economics and management, with a major in finance. 
Sherry Lansing (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Sherry Lansing is the founder and CEO of The Sherry Lansing Foundation, an organization dedicated to funding 
and raising awareness for cancer research, health, public education, and encore career opportunities. Ms. Lansing 
has extensive knowledge regarding the creative industries, including but not limited to audio/visual content. 
During a nearly 30-year career in the motion picture business, Ms. Lansing was involved in the production, 
marketing, and distribution of more than 200 films, including Academy Award winners Forrest Gump, Braveheart, 
and Titanic. In 1980, she became the first woman to head a major film studio when she was appointed President 
of 20th Century Fox. Later, as an independent producer, she was responsible for such successful films as Fatal 
Attraction, The Accused, School Ties, Indecent Proposal, and Black Rain. Returning to the executive ranks in 
1992, Ms. Lansing was named Chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures and began an unprecedented tenure that 
lasted more than 12 years. Ms. Lansing graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Science Degree from 
Northwestern University in 1966. 
Corporate Executives 
The Group is managed by corporate executives (the Corporate Executives). The current Corporate Executives 
consists of nine key members, each of whom oversees a specific aspect of the business. The persons set forth 
below are the current members of the Corporate Executives. 
Name  
Age 
Position 
Sir Lucian Grainge 
62
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
Philippe Flageul 
58
Executive Vice President, Controller 
Jody Gerson 
61
Chairman & CEO for Universal Music Publishing Group 
Jeffrey Harleston 
61
General Counsel and Executive Vice President of Business & Legal Affairs 
Eric Hutcherson 
53
Executive Vice President, Chief People and Inclusion Officer 
Boyd Muir 
63
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President of Operations
Michael Nash 
65
Executive Vice President of Digital Strategy 
Will Tanous 
52
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer 
Vincent Vallejo 
61
Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate 
The Company’s registered address, ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, the Netherlands, serves as the 
business address for all Corporate Executives. 
For information in respect of the Corporate Executives who are also members of the Board, including Sir Lucian 
Grainge and Vincent Vallejo, see above under Biographical Details of the Executive Directors. 
Set out below are brief summaries of the biographies of the remaining members of the Corporate Executives: 
Philippe Flageul (Executive Vice President, Controller) 
Philippe Flageul is responsible for overseeing many aspects of UMG’s finance operations, including accounting, 
tax, treasury, risk management and IT and supply chain finance. He also oversees UMG’s global procurement. 
Flageul joined UMG in 2015 from Bolloré Group, where he worked for more than two decades as CFO of the 
industrial division and Chairman of IER. Philippe holds an MBA from EDHEC. 
Jody Gerson (Chairman & CEO for Universal Music Publishing Group) 
With more than three decades of experience, Jody Gerson is one of music’s most respected, accomplished 
executives and creative authorities. She is the first female chairman of a global music company and the first 
woman to be named CEO of a major music publisher. Since joining UMPG in 2015, Gerson transformed the 
company into the industry’s most sought-after home to songwriters evidenced by her signing and work with the 
Bee Gees, Elton John, Carly Simon, Prince, Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Rosalia, Alicia Keys, Coldplay, Justin 
Bieber, Jack White, SZA, Post Malone, Quavo, Ariana Grande, H.E.R., Harry Styles, Maren Morris and more. 
Prior to UMPG, Gerson served as Co-President of Sony/ATV Music Publishing. Gerson is the cofounder of She 
Is The Music, a non-profit championing equality and inclusion for women. She serves on boards of the USC 
Annenberg Inclusion Initiative, Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, the National Music Publishers Association and The 
Archer School for Girls.

--- Page 94 ---
91 
 
 
Jeffrey Harleston (General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Business & Legal Affairs) 
Jeffery Harleston is responsible for globally overseeing all business transactions, contracts, and litigation. He is 
additionally responsible for the development of corporate policies, including the coordination of the Company’s 
government relations, trade and anti-piracy activities, to ensure a unified strategy across the Company’s divisions. 
Harleston, who joined UMG in 1993 at MCA, is co-chairman of UMG’s Task Force for Meaningful Change, 
where he leads a group of influential executives from across the Company to focus on issues regarding inclusion 
and social justice. Harleston serves on the boards of SoundExchange and the Recording Industry Association of 
America (RIAA) and received a B.A. in Political Science from Williams College and his J.D. from the University 
of California, Berkeley School of Law. 
Eric Hutcherson (Executive Vice President, Chief People and Inclusion Officer) 
With a focus on people, culture and inclusion, Eric Hutcherson leads a global team across UMG’s record labels, 
publishing division and operating companies to align talent functions, amplify the Company’s entrepreneurial-
based culture, accelerate diversity and inclusion across all levels and territories, attract, retain and develop talent, 
accelerate the Company’s social justice initiatives and build on UMG’s successful track-record of driving 
innovation by recruiting employees who bring new ideas, perspectives and skillsets. Prior to joining UMG, he 
was EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer of the National Basketball Association (NBA) where he managed a 
team that drove the NBA’s global workforce strategy. Hutcherson earned a bachelor’s degree in Political Science 
from New York University and a master’s degree in Sports Management and Administration from the University 
of Massachusetts-Amherst. 
Boyd Muir (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President of Operations) 
Working seamlessly across the corporate and creative aspects of UMG’s operations, Boyd Muir is responsible for 
overseeing many of UMG’s corporate operations including global finance. Muir leads the strategic physical-to-
digital reshaping of the Company’s businesses, and he has played a key role in several of UMG’s most prominent 
acquisitions, including Sanctuary Group and V2 Music Group, as well as the Company’s successful acquisition 
of EMI, Ingrooves Music Group and Epic Rights, among others. Muir joined UMG in 1994 and previously served 
as Chief Financial Officer for Universal Music Group International, the division which managed UMG’s 
businesses in more than 50 countries. 
Michael Nash (Executive Vice President of Digital Strategy) 
Michael Nash oversees UMG’s digital business development activities around the world, managing the 
relationships with the Company’s largest digital partners. Nash has worked at the forefront of media and 
technology convergence for his entire career as an executive, entrepreneur and producer. Before joining UMG in 
2015, Nash served as a strategic advisor to Warner Music Group (WMG), as well as several digital media startups 
and new technology companies. Prior to that, he served as WMG’s Executive Vice President of Digital Strategy 
and Business Development where he oversaw new media projects, strategic relationships and business 
development activities worldwide. Prior to WMG, Nash was the Executive Director of the Madison Project, the 
music industry’s first digital distribution trial, and he was the founding CEO of Inscape, an interactive 
entertainment and games publishing joint venture between WMG and HBO. 
Will Tanous (Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer) 
Will Tanous plays a key role in the development of the Company’s business strategy, overseeing several major 
strategic and corporate endeavors, as well as managing worldwide external and internal communications, global 
public policy, investor and government relations, event functions and social responsibility. Prior to joining UMG 
in 2013, Tanous served as Executive Vice President of Communications & Marketing for Warner Music Group 
where he was central in all of the company’s major corporate initiatives, including: the sale of WMG to Access 
Industries, Inc.; WMG’s initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange in 2005; and the sale of WMG 
by Time Warner Inc. to a private equity consortium. He serves on the board of the Recording Industry Association 
of America and is a graduate of Georgetown University in Washington D.C. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest of Directors and Corporate Executives

--- Page 95 ---
92 
 
 
Directors 
Other than as described below, no Director has a conflict of interest (actual or potential) between his or her duties 
to the Company and his or her private interests and/or other duties: 
a) The Group has entered into certain agreements with Ten Thousand Projects or affiliates of Ten Thousand 
Projects, which was founded by Elliot Grainge, the son of Sir Lucian Grainge. While these matters could 
potentially result in a conflict of interests for Sir Lucian (for example where he might potentially be less 
inclined to opine in a positive manner on a decision which could have a positive impact on UMG but a 
negative impact on Ten Thousand Projects given his familial relationship with Elliot Grainge), this 
relationship has been disclosed and appropriately addressed in accordance with the Group’s policy on 
conflicts of interests with adequate safeguards put in place to address any potential conflict of interest; 
b) James Mitchell and Manning Doherty were nominated for appointment as Directors by the Tencent-led 
Consortium (which collectively hold an interest of more than 10% in the Company) and each of them is 
therefore considered not independent for the purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Since 
each of James Mitchell and Manning Doherty has been nominated by the Tencent-led Consortium 
(specifically, by Concerto and Scherzo), and since the interests of the Tencent-led Consortium may not 
be aligned with the interests of the Company, a conflict of interest might arise. For example, a potential 
conflict of interest between the Company and each of James Mitchell and Manning Doherty could arise 
where a decision that aims to contribute to the long-term and sustainable success of the Company would 
impact the (short-term) share price of the Company’s shares and thus the shareholding of the Tencent-
led Consortium. James Mitchell and Manning Doherty may be less inclined to agree or express 
themselves in a positive manner in relation to a decision which could have a negative impact on the 
Tencent-led Consortium when compared to the other, independent, Non- Executive Directors that are not 
affiliated with the Tencent-led Consortium. 
c) Cyrille Bolloré was nominated for appointment as Director by the Board. Cyrille Bolloré is also the 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Bolloré Group, a family-controlled holding company which 
is among UMG’s largest investors, and is therefore considered not independent for the purposes of the 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Since the interests of the Bolloré Group may not be aligned with the 
interests of the Company, a conflict of interest might arise. Similar as at paragraph b) above, a potential 
conflict of interest between the Company and Cyrille Bolloré could arise where a decision made by the 
Company would impact the (short-term) share price of the Company’s shares and thus the shareholding 
of the Bolloré Group; and  
d) Bill Ackman was nominated for appointment as Director by the Board. Because of the 10%-shareholding 
in the Company that is attributed to him, Bill Ackman is considered not independent for the purposes of 
the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Since his interests as a major shareholder of the Company may 
not be aligned with the interests of the Company, a conflict of interest might arise. Similar as at paragraph 
b) above, a potential conflict of interest between the Company and Bill Ackman could arise where a 
decision made by the Company would impact the (short-term) share price of the Company’s shares and 
thus the shareholing in the Company that is attributed to Bill Ackman. 
The Board does not expect that the circumstances described above will cause any of the Directors to have a conflict 
with the duties they owe to the Company. However, the Board Regulations as well as the Related Party 
Transactions Policy include arrangements to ensure that the Board will in each relevant situation handle and decide 
on any (potential) conflict of interest. 
Corporate Executives 
Other than as described below, none of the Corporate Executives have a conflict of interest (actual or potential) 
between his or her duties to the Company and his or her private interests and/or other duties: 
a) Luke Swirsky, the son of Jody Gerson, has been an independent contractor to Republic Records since 
2020. While this matter could potentially result in a conflict of interests for Jody Gerson (for example 
where she might potentially be less inclined to opine in a positive manner on decision which could have 
a positive impact on UMG but a negative impact on Luke Swirsky given her familial relationship with 
him), this relationship has been disclosed and appropriately addressed in accordance with the Group’s 
policy on conflicts of interests with adequate safeguards put in place to address any potential conflict of 
interest.

--- Page 96 ---
93 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect. The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from the relevant Clearing 
Systems. Such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Dealers take no responsibility for the accuracy 
of such information. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither the Issuer nor any 
other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. 
Euroclear’s offices are situated at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s offices are situated at 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form.  
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate 
transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or 
any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 97 ---
94 
 
 
TAXATION 
The Netherlands  
This is a general summary and the tax consequences as described here may not apply to a holder of Notes. Any 
potential investor should consult his own tax adviser for more information about the tax consequences of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in his particular circumstances.  
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposition of Notes issued by the Issuer and the performance by the Issuer after the date hereof 
held by a holder of Notes who is not a resident of the Netherlands. It does not consider every aspect of taxation 
that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special 
treatment under applicable law. Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to 
Netherlands concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be 
attributed to the equivalent Netherlands concepts under Netherlands tax law.  
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands as they are in force and in effect on the date of this 
Prospectus. The laws upon which this summary is based are subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. 
A change to such laws may invalidate the contents of this summary, which will not be updated to reflect any such 
change. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to Notes is at arm’s length. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is considered to be 
affiliated (gelieerd) to the Issuer within the meaning of the Netherlands Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes is considered to be affiliated to the Issuer for these purposes if 
(i) it has a qualifying interest in the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer has a qualifying interest in such party, or (iii) a third 
party has a qualifying interest in both the Issuer and such party. For these purposes, a party is equated with any 
collaborating group of parties of which it forms part. A qualifying interest is an interest that allows the holder to 
have a decisive influence over the other party’s decisions, in such a way that it is able to determine the activities 
of the other party. A party is in any case considered to have a qualifying interest in another party if it (directly or 
indirectly) owns more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights in such other party. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments by the Issuer under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to any Netherlands taxes on income or capital gains in respect of Notes, 
including such tax on any payment under the Notes or in respect of any gain realised on the disposal, deemed 
disposal or exchange of Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands, Bonaire, Saint 
Eustatius or Saba; 
(ii) 
such holder does not have an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, 
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius or Saba, and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise, as the case 
may be, Notes are attributable; 
(iii) 
if such holder is an individual, neither such holder nor any of his spouse, his partner, a person 
deemed to be his partner, or other persons sharing such person’s house or household, or certain 
other of such persons’ relatives (including foster children), whether directly and/or indirectly as 
(deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator (the “Settlor”), or upon the death of the Settlor, 
his/her beneficiaries (the “Beneficiaries”) in proportion to their entitlement to the estate of the 
Settlor of a trust, foundation or similar arrangement (the “Separated Private Assets”), 
(a) indirectly has control of the proceeds of Notes in the Netherlands, nor (b) has a substantial 
interest in Issuer and/or any other entity that legally or de facto, directly or indirectly, has control 
of the proceeds of Notes in the Netherlands. For purposes of this clause (iii), a substantial 
interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, alone or together with his spouse, his 
partner, a person deemed to be his partner, or other persons sharing such person’s house or 
household, or certain other of such person’s relatives (including foster children), whether 
directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights 
to acquire (whether or not already issued), shares representing five per cent. or more of the total

--- Page 98 ---
95 
 
 
issued and outstanding capital (or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a 
company; (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit participating 
certificates (“winstbewijzen”), or membership rights in a co-operative association, that relate to 
five per cent. or more of the annual profit of a company or co-operative association or to five 
per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company or co-operative association; or (c) 
membership rights representing five per cent. or more of the voting rights in a co-operative 
association’s general meeting;  
(iv) 
if such holder is a company, such holder does not have a substantial interest in Issuer or if such 
holder does have such a substantial interest, such substantial interest (a) is not held with the 
avoidance of Netherlands income tax as (one of) the main purpose(s); or (b) does not form part 
of an artificial structure or series of structures (such as structures which are not put into place 
for valid business reasons reflecting economic reality). For purpose of this clause (iv), a 
substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, whether directly or 
indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to acquire 
(whether or not already issued) shares representing five per cent. or more of the total issued and 
outstanding capital (or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a company; 
or (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit participating 
certificates (“winstbewijzen”) that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of a 
company or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company; and 
(v) 
if such holder is an individual, such income or capital gain does not form a “benefit from 
miscellaneous activities” in the Netherlands (“resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden”) which, 
for instance, would be the case if the activities in the Netherlands with respect to Notes exceed 
“normal active asset management” (“normaal, actief vermogensbeheer”). 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to taxation in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution, delivery 
and/or enforcement of the documents relating to an issue of Notes. 
Gift, Estate and Inheritance Taxes  
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to an acquisition of Notes by way of 
a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands 
for Netherlands gift, estate or inheritance tax purposes, unless in the case of a gift of Notes by an individual who 
at the date of the gift was neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 
180 days after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands. 
For gift, estate and inheritance tax purposes, (i) a gift by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity 
or arrangement, will be construed as a gift by the Settlor, and (ii) upon the death of the Settlor, as a rule, his/her 
Beneficiaries, will be deemed to have inherited directly from the Settlor. Subsequently, the Beneficiaries will be 
deemed the Settlor of the Separated Private Assets for purposes of the Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance tax 
in case of subsequent gifts or inheritances. 
Turnover Tax 
No Netherlands turnover tax will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue of Notes, with 
respect to any cash settlements of Notes or with respect to the delivery of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties  
No Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, custom duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar 
documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection 
with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including the enforcement of any foreign 
judgment in the Courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating to the issue of Notes or the performance by 
the Issuer of its obligations thereunder.

--- Page 99 ---
96 
 
 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Netherlands) have entered into intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Moreover, 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as 
described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of 
the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
97 
 
 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It has been 
clarified that should an informal agreement among the participating Member States be reached, it would only be 
a preliminary step in the legislative process. If, at some point, a draft text of the Directive for a common FTT is 
tabled by the participating Member States, any decision in the Council should be preceded by an inclusive and 
substantial debate among all Member States. The Commission’s Proposal may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementations, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 101 ---
98 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have entered in a dealer agreement dated 16 June 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”), agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions of the Notes above. In the 
Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection herewith. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligation of 
any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain 
circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such 
agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of the 
Tranche may engage in transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant Notes during and 
after the offering of the Tranche at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. Specifically such 
persons may over-allot or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than 
have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing 
Notes in the open market. In addition, such persons may support the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing 
Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate 
members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously 
distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of 
these transactions may be to support the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that 
it discourages resales thereof. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the 
Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. In respect of Bearer Notes 
where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 102 ---
99 
 
 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, each Dealer (i) has represented and 
agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold, and has agreed that during a 40-day restricted period it will not 
offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, and (ii) has represented that it has not delivered and agreed that it 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that 
are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii)  
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has represented and agreed that throughout the 
restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its 
employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA 
D Rules; 
(iii)  
if it is a United States person, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it is acquiring Notes 
in bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains 
Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the TEFRA D 
Rules (including the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6)); 
(iv) 
it will provide the Issuer with the documentation specified (at the time specified) in U.S. Treas. 
Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3); and 
(v) 
with respect to each affiliate of such Dealer that acquires Notes in bearer form from such Dealer 
for the purpose of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer has 
repeated and confirmed the representations and agreements contained in subparagraphs (i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv) on such affiliate’s behalf. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA C Rules are applicable. In respect of Bearer Notes 
where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Bearer Notes must be issued and 
delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Bearer Notes 
within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
in connection with the original issuance of such Bearer Notes that it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or 
its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Bearer Notes. Further, the 
Issuer will comply with the documentary requirements described in U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C)(4).  
Terms used in the preceding two paragraphs have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules and the TEFA D Rules, as may be relevant.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable,” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or

--- Page 103 ---
100 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable,” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) per Member State, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable,” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable,” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 104 ---
101 
 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(iii) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or 
equivalent); or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings certificates as defined in the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be transferred or accepted through the mediation of either 
the Issuer or a Member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the Dutch Savings Certificates Act 
and its implementing regulations (including identification and registration requirements), provided that no 
mediation is required in respect of (i) the initial issue of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer 
and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or trade, and (iii) the issue and trading 
of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in 
the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.

--- Page 105 ---
102 
 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the “Securities and Futures Ordinance”) other than (i) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and 
any rules made under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
The People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the 
Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) as part of the initial 
distribution of the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;

--- Page 106 ---
103 
 
 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident 
of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold 
or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, 
any Notes in the Republic of Italy in a solicitation to the public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy 
shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulation. Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, as amended; or 
(ii) 
to the extent that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating to such 
Notes in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such prospectus, 
provided that such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to 
CONSOB, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the “Decree No. 58”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended (“Regulation No. 11971”), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval 
of such prospectus; or 
(iii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971.

--- Page 107 ---
104 
 
 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993 as amended (the “Banking Act”), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable), 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 
10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the Prospectus 
Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. 
Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely with “qualified 
investors” and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such 
placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorized 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus 
Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the Syndication Agreement, dealer accession letter or 
dealer confirmation.

--- Page 108 ---
105 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the AFM), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 16 
June 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application may be made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on Euronext 
Amsterdam. It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to listing on Euronext 
Amsterdam will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a temporary or permanent 
Global Note (or one or more Certificates) in respect of each Tranche. Prior to official listing and admission to 
trading, however, dealings may be permitted by Euronext in accordance with its rules. Transactions will normally 
be effected for delivery on the second working day after the day of the transaction. However, unlisted Notes may 
also be issued pursuant to the Programme.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the Company’s website (for the Articles of Association and the 
English translation thereof: https://investors.universalmusic.com/governance; for the annual reports and annual 
financial statements: https://investors.universalmusic.com/reports; for this Base Prospectus or further 
prospectuses: https://investors.universalmusic.com/): 
(i) 
the most recent Articles of Association of the Issuer and an English translation thereof; 
(ii) 
the combined financial statements of UMGI and UIM as at and for the year ended 2020 and the UMG 
Annual Report 2021 (containing the audited financial statements of the Issuer, which include the 
consolidated financial statements), in each case together with the independent auditor’s reports prepared 
in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the most recently available published audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and 
the most recently available published interim financial statements of the Issuer (if any); 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Coupons and the Talons); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
prospectus; and 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems

--- Page 109 ---
106 
 
 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
Nederland. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear Nederland, and any other relevant security code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear Nederland is Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer 
B.V., Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions, and will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be calculated on the basis of the average annual rate of return if 
the relevant Notes were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. The yield 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be an indication of future yield. 
Statement of significant or material change 
(1) There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 March 
2022 up to the date of this Base Prospectus; (2) there has been no significant change in the financial position of 
the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021 up to the date of this Base Prospectus; and (3) there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2021 up to the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the 
Dutch Civil Code, have been jointly audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP (“EY”) and Deloitte Accountants 
B.V.  (“Deloitte”), independent auditors.  
The combined financial statements of Universal Music Group, Inc. and Universal International Music B.V. as at 
and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (the “2020 Combined Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance 
with IFRS-EU and in accordance with IFRS published by the IASB, have been jointly audited by Ernst & Young 
et Autres (“EY France”) and Deloitte & Associés (“Deloitte France”), independent auditors.  
The 2020 Combined Financial Statements were jointly audited by EY France, with its address at Tour First, TSA 
14444, 92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France, and Deloitte France, with its address at 6, place de la Pyramide, 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France. The auditors signing the independent auditor’s reports on behalf of EY 
France and Deloitte France are members of the Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles 
et du Centre. 
The 2021 Consolidated  Financial Statements were jointly audited by EY, with its address at Euclideslaan 1, 3584 
BL Utrecht, The Netherlands, and Deloitte, with its address at Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970, 1081 LA Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands. The auditors signing the independent auditor’s reports on behalf of EY and Deloitte are members 
of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). The Company has appointed them as its joint auditors for the financial year ending December 31, 
2022 as well.

--- Page 110 ---
107 
 
 
Emphasis of matter in the independent auditors’ report on the 2020 Combined Financial Statements 
EY France and Deloitte France issued an independent auditors’ report on the 2020 Combined Financial Statements 
and the report includes the following emphasis of matter paragraph, titled “Emphasis of matter”: Without 
modifying our conclusion, we draw attention to the Note “Basis of preparation of the Combined Financial 
Statements”, in Section “Accounting conventions used when preparing the Combined Financial Statements”. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. This ‘Emphasis of matter” has been noted by EY France and 
Deloitte France in view of the fact that combined financial statements are less common than consolidated financial 
statements and, taking into account that they comprise accounts of two different companies (as opposed to an 
aggregate consolidated position of a parent company and its subsidiaries as is the case for consolidated accounts) 
are more complex than consolidated financial statements. Therefore, EY France and Deloitte France deemed it 
necessary and helpful to include an emphasis of matter paragraph in their report on the 2020 Combined Financial 
Statements to draw readers’ attention to the basis of preparation of these accounts, which basis is described in the 
note “Basis of preparation of the Combined Financial Statements”, in Section “Accounting conventions used when 
preparing the Combined Financial Statements” of the 2020 Combined Financials Statements. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation 
to any issues of Notes. 
Trade Register 
The Company is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce of the Netherlands (Kamer van 
Koophandel) under number 81106661. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) 
The Company’s LEI is 724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18. 
Issuer’s Website 
Unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any Notes. Other than 
the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website have not been scrutinized 
or approved by the AFM. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage in lending, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the group and their affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the

--- Page 111 ---
108 
 
 
purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies. In relation to the issue and 
subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable to the relevant Dealer(s). 
Credit Ratings 
Moody’s assigned to the Issuer a Baa1 long term credit rating with stable outlook. S&P assigned to the Issuer a 
BBB long term credit rating with stable outlook. 
Obligations rated “Baa” by Moody’s are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium grade and 
as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking 
in 
the 
lower 
end 
of 
that 
generic 
rating 
category 
(Source: 
https://www.moodys.com/sites/products/productattachments/ap075378_1_1408_ki.pdf). 
An obligor rated “BBB” by S&P has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments, but is more subject to 
adverse economic conditions (Source: https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/about/intro-to-credit-ratings). 
The long term ratings by S&P may be modified by the addition of a plus (“+”) or minus (“-”) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating organization. 
Listing Agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (“ABN AMRO”).

--- Page 112 ---
109 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
‘s-Gravelandseweg 80 
1217 EW Hilversum 
The Netherlands 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France

--- Page 113 ---
110 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to U.S. law 
Latham & Watkins (London) LLP 
99 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3XF 
United Kingdom  
 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Dutch law 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970 
1081 LA Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Euclideslaan 1 
3584 BL Utrecht 
The Netherlands